The traditional West is synonymous with wide open spaces, clear morals, inevitable, optimistic faith in the hero's ability to shape his destiny, to escape from his past. These qualities directly reflect America's sense of self-sufficiency, self-perpetuating dream, boundary and border pressure, which is why the opportunistic politicians still refer to the genre. With some noble exceptions (such as Wellman, Hawks) there were no healthy neuroses or real anxiety in the West. Anthony Mann changed all this forever, and this first playground is one of the most violent, lively, sophisticated, not to say exciting Westerners ever made. <br /> <br /> The traditional West depends on heroes who exemplify harsh healthiness, any past failures, advocate of order and law, dominate the film, remove their obstacles, restore true harmony; and the obvious villain, who ironically holds the plot, forces the hero into certain actions. The difference between these two is often as mythical as white or black hats. <br /> <br /> Mann's background was a movie noir, a genre against wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was neurotologically charged, focusing on the unstable protagonist, where morality is blurred, the hero is so often a villain, in his own interior-labyrinth, a passive passive victim. Noir talks not about progress, interrogation and denial of regimes, and signs of representation, not about their creation and approval. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is full of anxiety. Noir is often considered a psychological genre, which is the head trauma of the protagonist. 73 does this, and it is even more annoying that this main character is cute, homey Jimmy Stewart, starting here with his big heavy film moves with Mann and Hitchcock. Many ways are benevolent and sweet, representing the right one and trying to restore the interruptions of the natural order, as well as being almost a lunatic who does not stop something to achieve a murderous revenge, whose relentless fascinating reflections in Ethan Edwards' SEARCHERS are inhuman perceptions of human instincts. is in this endeavor and whose violence is really terrible, like a dagger, his anxiety is a psychological basis - unlike most of the "healthy" heroes who had their fathers grown out (symbolically killed), McAdam's father was killed before the process was completed; his brother's quest is a less moral revenge than an appealing protest against haunted growth. Climatic dismissal is not cathartic: McAdam retracts into a "normal" society as he has just seen some of the world's most strange horrors. <br /> <br /> What is most peaceful about the film is that it is not really a hero or a villain at all, but an inanimate piece of weoponry that drives action. 73 opens a title behind a window of privileged glass, while its admirers are trapped, split, undifferentiated, framed, admired outside. Throughout the film, human ability decreases as the most arbitrary marker - to change names; Lin and Holland mime shot each other because they are not weapons; guests lose their moral viability and their practitioners are near madness; the armies must fight the struggles of aliens from the Confederacy; a man will only be honored if he mentions his name; the other man appears as a coward when he gives up his groom from the Indians; The weapon retains its prestige, strength, integrity. <br /> <br /> It's not a vengeance that drives a movie, but a weapon story; it turns the film out of the usual expectations and creates a frightening, alienating and modern feeling. We get hold of a revenge plot so that if we follow a second plot with a gun, we feel a little confused. <br /> <br /> This accentuation of arms, a symbol of vigorous masculinity, actually allows criticism of this masculinity that brings out unnecessarily complex rituals at the expense of society and order; brute capitalist greed; murders Indian traders who deceive both the seller and the enemy; cows; psychotic killers; before he returns to his "real" owner, the hero thoroughly hurt who has become as murderous as the murderer he is looking for. The gun never has the name of its owner, not only because there is no definite owner, but because there is no definite masculinity, a conventional Western understanding. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly called Western Myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Cavalry, Civil War - wide open to the West - just to undermine them. Earp has a full-fledged reputation, which is the whole name, but never proven - Dodge City is not more secure than the law anywhere else; The cavalry is unfair (Custer has just lost a lot of horns) and the bitter weakness of the war has proven to be irrelevant. An open western myth is a place for a very closed, inevitable, circular plot that traps its mark, refusing to allow them to shape their destiny, but allowing them to design them. <br /> <br /> The old John Ford's silhouette of large mountain bikers is recovering, but signals are not progressing here, but repetition and circulation. But in the case of this deconstruction, the film is so lively in so few westerns that it ever reaches. Manni's inclined technique penetrates its camera to decisive locations, alternating between distance and intense exam, making cabin doors and stagecoaches vivid and lively.
