"Addictive" is an adjective I've heard many times when talking about certain TV shows. Recently, such descriptions have been served by dramas such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break. However, as they may be (and they are), I can wait a few days before I can see each episode of the next series, even Prison Break, which some have been devastatingly classified as "new 24". With all due respect, there is no such thing and no good reason: no other silver screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. It sets 24 other shows and that's why I have to practically watch the whole season (on DVD) within seven days or less: when the frickin clock starts to tick, it is not possible to tune. The episode that events have opened in one day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and recently Deadwood); 24 hours after the whole new season, one per ep (the actual driving time is 41 minutes; the remaining 19 are busy with ads when they show on TV). Blues introduced non-linear narration (nowadays a compulsory element). And it really paid off. <br /> <br /> It is ironic that the original plan for this series was to make it around the wedding (fortunately, the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was better suited for the conspiracy thriller), which is probably the reason why the first hero glimpse sees a joyful atmosphere: Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys the extremely relaxed daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and a few minutes later Teri (Leslie Hope), with whom she has just agreed. But as in Soprano, there is something unexpected and shocking in the corner: not only has Kim picked out his room, Jack also receives a phone call that requires him to work immediately. At night? I am afraid that: Bauer is a CTU agent and his boss has gained a solid intellect about a possible hit in the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African American presidential candidate in Los Angeles. Angeles for the whole day (oh, I've almost forgotten: events take place on Monday in the President of California). There is no time for skinning: Jack must work on the case within the next 24 hours. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol and it does not fit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slim man who has asked to intervene. <br /> <br /> is very dense, which makes the exhibition recommended for people with a short attention, but anyone who wants to watch is rewarded instantly: writing is sharp and accurate, attention to detail is not over, and the relationship is always high, mainly due to real-time which significantly increases adrenaline levels. <br /> <br /> Another good quality of this pilot is characterization: most of the genre exhibitions (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply introduce the main players and then define them later (an example of a textbook is CSI, where character formation is minimal, but then again, the one that corresponds to the unique style of the show), while the 24-series debut offers a rich variety of round people, among whom Jack (the best role of Sutherland!) and Palmer (the actual revelation of the show) stand out as being described perfectly after only one episode (formerly shared between work and family, reckless but humane, the latter is honorable and blessed with great honesty). A couple supporting a part of the stereotype border (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors should be taken into account: a) it is the first episode; b) There is so much going on in most viewers that they don't even talk about an "error" or two. After all, how many networking programs can you start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager, and a huge explosion - and still have an equally satisfactory material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Note tock, tick, tock ...
