Of the comments that were here before me, I mostly agree with Edyarb. The story and script obviously had the potential to be funny, but although in some places it wasn't, in other places it failed. You saw they wanted to make fun, but nobody laughed at the audience. (Also agree with Edyarb's opinion about the final credit: leave it normal or make it cool, but not what they have done now.) <br /> <br /> OK, which gives you more negative feelings than what I really was in the movie viewing. I enjoyed it; it was pleasant entertainment at night and certainly did not feel like a waste of money. The best jokes are those that go further than expected and are quite mature, like Luke Wilson's character Matt, who asks for a super chick "P * nis or bed?" when he told him he'd "get him a new one" after bed, ending in bed and leaving Matt. <br /> <br /> I can't, however, agree with bgs1614, who says that the movie could earn an 'R' rating - the film had no right to justify it. Some sexual acts are yes, but something clear, just humorous and nudity. (Maybe he was in a refresh that showed more ...?) I'd like to compare it to the last two movies I saw without any expectation: Superman Returns and Click. I wasn't expecting anything from it - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies, and Click's trailer only showed it to be a potentially chauvinist (which I wouldn't mind) film. Superman surprised me that I felt good (goosebumps!) To see my first heroic act, seeing a long lost friend and joy over it. But the rest of the story I look at is my Super Ex girlfriend, at least at least surprises. Click again to surprise TOTAL, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes from a really great movie. Jokes also work much better than ex-girlfriends, both naughty and more advanced. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason I got these three movies to compare is that they are the last three I am. in a very short time and also because I went to all those with no expectations at all. I'll make them click, girlfriend, Superman.
