On paper it looked like an excellent concept: the rebound mean boy is built on a passionate museum curator who is really a hot Superhero who saves the world regularly. But director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne ("Simpson") almost probably misunderstood when their hero, G-Girl (playing striking Uma Thurman), came as a complete nutty, both superhero and secret identity Jenny Johnson. The film even experiences it in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after G-Girl had saved the Statute of Freedom. Jenny curiously asks Matt what G-Girl likes. Matt answers, "Is he a nut?" I think the intention was that Jenny (Thurman) would be this lonely young woman with no great physical strength in her life. Thurman does his best, but his Jenny is a terrible mood disorder that Prozac needs. Luke Wilson is a boy and the superhero girlfriend's role is too windy when withdrawing. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex Girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing coming to the top of the Superman Returns tail. that plays superhero straight up, so talk. With all my churches and inconsistent writing, I thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and enjoyed the movie. Given that this is Ivan Reitman's film, it would have been much better. The traitor begins with a great assumption and indeed destroys it. First we love the hero. Here, Jenny and G-Girl aren't all that pleasant. It's surprising to Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. At first, his Jenny / G-Girl is just weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play Superhero, is she a Thurman? Only at the end will Jenny become more sympathetic than the caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a straight Superhero story, but rather a romantic comedy, it does not give what every superhero mythology needs a very big villain. Here is Professor Bedlam, or Barry (Eddie Izzard), who is really bad lite. He's not Lex Luthor. There are no plans for global domination. Rather, Bedlamil is Barry against G-Girl, and is expected to be related to their common past. What's weird about what you don't know who would spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Luke Wilson Matt is just a "few dude" who happens to be a psycho-superhero. One of the tedious things he does is trusts his reluctant loser friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson makes a bad abandoned impersonation). Sometimes Wilson plays it too tight, and it weakens his pleasant charm. However, it works in the comic scene with Jenny. Matt met with Jenny / G-Girl that he was in love with his associate Hannah (perky Anna Faris). How does Matt break with G-Girl? Well, it's not beautiful and mostly fun. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movies are working. Romantic comedies with chemistry. What can be complicated is the Superhero satires, which are hidden in romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. But the hero's nut work? Maybe not. With all of Uma Thurman's talents, he can't achieve this convincingly. And he doesn't get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough story and presence to survive their narrative shortcomings. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Even though everyone involved has been, the film would have been super.
