Everything starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you want to start from the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter your new movie Seven Pounds, whatever you prefer when he finishes and works back to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to this heartbreak. This is one powerful film; maybe it's because I am soft when it comes to the drama of the ilk that is full of drops of moments and devastating performances, but in both cases the film works best when it really touches me when it's on the back of my head after leaving the theater. And that is the team that brought us overpriced, blissful, and not all that redeem happiness, so I'm just saying my expectations were carefully guarded for a big blow. At the same time, I had a seven-pound opening frame until I received the credit. Even if you think what Will Smith's character is doing, this secret mission he's trying to fill is the way he performs his repentance that shines bright and leaves you with a tearful smile. <Br>> <br /> Our entry point is a bit jarring, leaving us outside trying to understand what is going on. Smith's Thomas has names, one of the people we don't know, and one of the people seems to try and follow. Working with an IRS allows him to get to know their strangers to see their lives to see if they are worth the gift they have the right to give them a gift that can completely change their situation. He calls a friend of old childhood (Barry Pepper) and reminds him that he does what he has promised not to think of his second decision because his mind is not changed. Even if Pepper is so small that you can't help but feel you have heard of the sadness that is behind you, hanging over everyone's head. It is his character, which may perhaps be seen three times, which really involves the main emotional level. His breaks, whether they are tears and warped or in the head, show that these two men are ties that stand for the test of time and for all sorts of circumstances. <br /> <br /> After this call, the journey begins with meeting new people. Thomas is somehow on a mission to help alleviate the financial problems of people with a deadly disease, trying to survive despite the heavy burden and survival of medical bills. This progression takes many times, from the "blind, vegan, meat vendor" to see if he can explode him; A Phase 2 cardiac patient who is unable to print his or her line tripod, or even to his Grand Duke's Duke; abused and frightened double Latino mother, too afraid to leave her boyfriend; a dying ice hockey trainer who puts faith in the fallen youth community; to a little boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and inevitable future with a sense of hopelessness and want to cherish every day, and there are those who are trying to hit this corner of the blow and spend all their money at the expense of those who need it. style. Why is Thomas capable of mixing up and finding those who deserve his "gift", is not known at the outset, and that is why the man who sees a beautiful woman and a great beach home as an air navigation engineer, currently living in a motel, driving a racing car, goes door to door, to check the IRS. But as he says, "he hit such a job". Smith's quest for Thomas is long and painful, tempered from the moment when it became clear and honest. As a person with aids, he takes his job seriously, crossing people who do not want and test those he believes to be worth n. If that means he needs to shout and joke, he must do it. But at every step you see the suffering of the eyes, the pain that eats your breath, taking every step towards your destiny, one of the saints of salvation, not only for those whom he wants to help, but also for himself. This is an award-winning value and I just want Smith to do more dramas that are like her tentpoles in her blocking action in the summer because, while they're fun, this guy is too good for them. A man better to win an Oscar before he is done or it is travesty at least in my opinion. <br /> <br /> The rest are stars all over the ship. Woody Harrelson as a blind salesman is a sacred perfect tree with a joy of life. His shy smile and belief in humanity come up all the time, whether the phone shouts, sits at the dining place where he eats his cake, or on the piano in the park, playing for everyone who listens. Elpidia Carrillo, as an abused mother, is fantastic, showing her hard evolution proudly and scared that strangers' departure is completely puzzling, allowing her family to eventually be safe. And Rosario Dawson looks like a "once hot" young woman who has been beaten and interrupted by long hospital drugs, all except for giving up the living entity to find love and happiness. This is an introduction to Smith's Thomas, which opens his eyes again as a woman, a free, spiritual sexual creature who can simply live without fear of thinking which day is his last.
