Seven pounds, this was the movie where I was just convinced that Will Smith was going to "I'm going to cry you." One thing I can give him can cry a man. My only thing is that when the story moves, Will Smith has proved over and over again that he can act, so why is he taking this extremely depressing story? However, it is still a good movie. I have to admit that it made me cry, but I felt that the eminent force was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl because I saw him at the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl was going far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can't wait to see how far her career is going. But he and Will Smith aren't so sure if they had the great chemistry the film needed to be a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident caused by his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his groom. One year after the disaster and after completing the aviation technician's work, Tim will give his brother, an IRS employee, a lung change. Six months later, he donates some of his taxes to the Holly service. After that, he will start looking for more candidates for donations. She finds George, a junior hockey coach and donates her kidney and donates bone marrow to a young son, Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks if he knows someone who deserves help. He suggests Connie Tepo, who lives with an abusive boyfriend. Tim moves from his house and into the local motel where he takes his pet box jellyfish. One night, after beating, Connie will contact Tim and give him the keys and his own beach house. She takes her two kids and moves to her new home. Having stolen his brother's credentials and announced his brother Ben, he checks his two final donation candidates. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to check if he is in a hurry. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he's worth it. He then contacts Emily Posa, a self-employed greeting card printer with heart disease and a rare blood type. She spends time with her, weeding her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with him and decides that if his condition has deteriorated he must make his donation. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds are a good movie and no doubt worth a look, I would recommend just going to rent vs theater. Will Smith pulls a good result, but not his best, but most of the film required him to cry every scene, but the latter was cozy with him. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and really appreciated you for life and didn't take it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben's character reminds you of the value of life and giving it to those who need despair. Although he went a little far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
