This film is one of the best short films I've ever seen - and when I do it for all the major film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially what the industry considers "the best." I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His actions are generally superfluous and uninteresting for me, his only decent performance is in Lost, so I try to avoid my movies in general. However, it happened that I saw it a couple of years ago at the film festival and was completely frightened. This driver actually knows what he is doing. Of course, you get trolls (or just ignorant people) who don't understand what constitutes a good movie and cut down on a low budget because they have no idea what happened to it. But fortunately, those I've seen have been in this minority when it comes to this gem. <br /> <br /> Do not deny that the film did not work with the budget, and that a couple of supporting parties could still use the job because it is certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect from the first real movie someone is still in high school? Take a moment to say that the budget is not important. If you take a little actress, sound quality (which really wasn't the fault of the filmmaker, I saw it at the festival and the sound was good ... I guarantee who did the DVD itself) and that it was made of mini-DV , what did you do? A movie that is arguably flawless, story, visual composition and soul. Nanavati can tell a story. That's much clear. He can write substance-heavy, appealing scripts better than most Hollywood people, create a list that perfectly congratulates this story, and bring it to life in an exciting, creative way that if that bigger budget could have received prizes. Give him more experienced actors, better sound after production, and 35mm mini-DV, and even trolls couldn't complain. This girl is incredible and keeping in mind that Insomniac was made a couple of years ago, she has been doing an amazing job ever since. Dreams of an Angel Trailer shows it, and I can't wait to see what he's done. 9/10 stars, this is one of the movie's hell filmmakers.
