First of all, someone here mentioned that because it appeared in a "limited" quantity, it means it should be bad ... that's exactly what the "big five" Hollywood studio wants everyone to think they can "go through" or "ignore" features that are not recommended without losing or imagining the face, censoring them directly. by that time, this production will be released "limited" because it is considered to be "extraordinary" for certain individuals. <br /> <br /> Now I love this feature; I find it better than "Charlie Wilson's war", even if it is a "fancy" account for something that "never" happens, but it is always that OBVIOUS.this goes to everyone and everyone who is interested or affected by the current American foreign policy, "home" or "board". The "Turakistan" state and the "emerald city" will certainly try to resemble Iraq and Baghdad as much as Tamerlane goes to "haliburton" (with Vice President Dan Aykroyd playing Dick Cheney, LOL). quietly moments where the film is DEAD SERIOUS, not even sarcastic (the main example would be how John Cusack's character deals with his depression, but not only). <br /> <br /> I have found that all characters can be related to something / someone or specific stereotypes. now an advisory word; if you are not politically active, especially with regard to the aspects of "globalization", you probably will not enjoy this feature, as most of its content and jokes are targeted to certain "individuals" who are not "visible" to the public on a daily basis ... the exception would be Hilary Duff, who plays a well-known materialistic pop star, I need to say the name (S)?). the key to this is the fight against globalization. The message is transmitted unmistakably by a comic revenge. At one point, Joan has a line that goes like this: "And here we have a book written by you, about how I took the world and solved the problems with my father" .PRICELESS ") <br /> <br /> sister and brother Cusacks play good together as always, the same as "Grosse PointeBlank" would say a little more "mature". Marisa Tomeihere does not show her "butt" (as she did recently) "Before she knows you are dead") , it still has a very serious role and is able to pull it out quietly. <br /> <br /> Many critics can't (do not) do it or don't want it), it's not a "normal" movie, but rather a comic documentary, this feature gives a message and DOES NOT get the Oscars or the "visual" sort that the viewer would buy the latest "HDTV experience" on TV ... I've even noticed in my local papers that this movie gets bad - views, because it's not "artistic ", while PRO Iraq's war films will be a good mirror they are "balanced" probably and "interesting". Doubts how much of the world's mainstream media is concentrated in clusters. I bet this feature proves that it has hit the overseas country as much as it did in North America. As I mentioned earlier, it is all satire about American foreign policy and how it is hijacked by "special interest" groups ... having a "normal" American soldier carrying the "Tamerlan" company logo in their fighting clothes is quite offensive when showing effectiveness reality if it exists, or soon as things get so far. <br /> <br /> Some PRESSELESS shots: "on release" becomes the state of invaded commercial ads; a fun scene about how future journalists are likely to collect "news" ("everything must be better than this x-box bullocks"))); soldiers dealing with their "disappointment"; In general, I do not recommend it for "conservatives" or "harsh" patriots that are of some sort or others. This attribute is not meant for people's "souls" (as the main propaganda and commercial interests always try to do). It contains a realistic message for the realists and some ideological goals that apparently "never" materialized.
