Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a CIA assassin. He ordered to go to the country of Turaquist, which is "freed" by the United States and to kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate, Tamerane, which puts the country together, does not stand with Shariff, an oil worker from a neighboring country, who establishes its pipeline through war-torn Turquistan. But there, Brand, gets into trouble. First of all, he meets a certain journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public about the real story of the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand has the courage to realize that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mood will immediately and unconsciously force her to lose her focus on her mission. Also in his show trade, he forces him to meet with the country's pop singer, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who marries at the conference center. He is a young god whose wedding arrangements make Brand's attention to future murders. In the case of other intuitions and complications, Brand is able to fulfill his mission to satisfy Tamerlane's BIG boss, former vice president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good, John Cusack, to make this movie, though it's not quite together. Shot in Serbia is worth seeing what Iraq is today, the country has been reversed. In a blow, this green zone is called "Emerald City" and aptly, because this Oz-like neighborhood is trying to prevent the threat of war taking place elsewhere in the metropolis. The cast is very good because Cusack does a nice job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd et al. Especially Duff makes a great turn as a strongly accentuated, highly prepared, potty foot-singer. The Baghdad holiday for military personnel is so real that it hurts when costumes and other production values ​​are top-notch. This is not always the case with the script, but it certainly has a huge dialogue and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers a chance to show Brandy an outfit in return for money and candy. Brand produces money, but because it has no candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway. Brilliant! Then the direction is not complete success, but it does not fall very often. No, if you have conservative slopes, this movie probably doesn't like one bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the fight against terrorism, this is a pretty good example. Therefore, try to look at it because you support the filmmakers who decide to make movies far from the old studios.
