On July 4th this weekend, it is impressive to see the declaration of independence in the spirit of life and well in the movie "War, Inc". Just as our founders gave their collective hand to King George III, this film is in a fashionable fashion for the barren growth of the current capitalist slippery intent on privatizing the government impartially to include the privatization of war. <br /> <br /> The cast in this saddle is absolutely bright. John Cusack is a wonderful, controversial company assassin, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is great for love. (My gosh, "George Costanza" was right. Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But John's sister Joan Cusack, who really steals the movie. His portrayal of the superior, but at the same time of the cycophantic personal assistant, is invaluable and more than once I just couldn't laugh at the glory of my performance. He has not only fantastic comic timing, but his face is both expressive and actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short but very effective film as a leader in the war, Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on the "throne" where his pants are under his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like a clown of the ass who is now one of our true thrones. You don't have to think too hard to think about this person. Much of this movie was filmed in Bulgaria, so we see so much military equipment. (You just know that the US military would never have made this satirical exposure to war-interested.) I especially enjoyed Omar Sharif's character played by Bulgarian actress Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene where she is on Marisa Tome's dance floor, she has a couple of lines that could bring together all our foreign policy attitudes towards foreign leaders we install - and remove - in power. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie doesn't like everyone. If you think that our foreign policy, army, intelligence gathering and analysis, prisons and the correction system, public health, and many other government agencies are good for privatization, you may not like this movie much. However, if you believe that destroying people and countries to add to the bottom line of a business is abomination. Nothing can be more in line with the Spirit of Independence, that the interception of abandoned anti-corruption violence is good.
