The plot of this movie may not be extraordinary, but what makes the movie truly special is its characters (and of course these actors!). I'm not going to go into the details of the plot, but would I like to say that? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really funny and you have to be equally smart to get the whole satire. If you have not even warned in seconds, you will probably miss some fine points. The film is full of seemingly trivial, but smart things - like Turaqistan's background messages, tanker ads (which I almost missed) and make the movie fun. <br /> <John Cusack has been playing his versatile role very effectively when he reaches the actors (which is a co-writer and a producer) and plays his character? Hauser, who is the heart killer? finely. Cusack has done a similar role before Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic layout in the movie is just great. <br /> <br /> But the stunning actor of the exhibition is Hilary Duff! I'm always a big fan of Mrs Duff. Frankly, I was a little disappointed when I heard what role he was playing in the movie. But after watching the film, disappointment gave him respect as an actor. Let's face it! The child is growing, but yes, so is his talent! All those critics who screamed scarcely that Hilary couldn't act, remain silent for a while. Did Hilary play a really complex character? tough on the outside, but inside the sweet baby? and he is absolutely right about it. She makes you laugh and she makes you cry? a short story for short cut (because I can rob him forever) he is BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have also done a good job. Especially Joan's hysterics are terrible! But I was quite disappointed when Ben Kingsley was in such a small role and his performance seemed weak. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. keeps your intelligent humor in your toes and just the right amount of twists ends. I highly recommend this movie to everyone (and even more to the fans of Hilary Duff) !!! P.S. - I am really glad to hear that the movie will get rid of its limited release and release soon in other places !!!
