Joshua Sefelt's first film - Satire of Memorable Proportions - is about the same as the title suggests: corporations affect war. <br /> <br /> The movie is a mercenary (John Cusack) who travels to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the American government get its message to the Turaqistan leaders. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what happens to a lonely man and a hot reporter. There's a pop star Yonica Babyyeah somewhere there. As Yonica marries one of Turaquistan's most important people (the president's son), a sub-block is created where the mercenary has to look over it, somewhat. The movie starts with a lonely Cusack bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the film grabs. It is an amusing and intriguing idea of ​​terrorism and politics. The film has many more activities than I expected, with a war-time scene, with well-choreographed struggles, and just with scenes of casual murders. Although the story is not very deep, its simplicity makes the film ideal for both ordinary people and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the movie, its simplicity is all very hostile and confusing. I thought it was very well executed, but others might agree and I understood why. The twist after the twist is what ends, and like most movies, it's a real hit / miss situation. Nevertheless, the three writers of the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) did a fantastic job of creating a realistic and fun satire about the current situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job of ensuring the integrity of the film; not reducing the material to the most concentrated films (which I feared would happen). Seftel designed the film as perfectly as he could: he created a lively atmosphere that both look through the tough reality and the comics are wrong; - Perfectly contrasting them - and changing the film seems like you look at it all. Indeed, Seftel can involve you in all the measures and pay it in full. There are no mistakes here. Hopefully he will take on more directorships because he is one of the leaders to look out for.
