Deanna Durbin, a 14-year-old and only signing a contract with MGM, made a short review in 1936, linking her to Judy Garland, who was a younger year. Louis B. Mayer decided he didn't need two competing young singers, put his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed up for Durbin, hurried him to three smart girls and wrote his part of the scenario. He's the last invoice, but the typographic equivalent of neon lights around his name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be broken and they were right. Three smart girls are less musical and more screw-comedy, and Durbin, 15, when released, carries it with astonishment. He is Penny Craig, and he and his older sisters Joan and Kay have decided to save their father, who had divorced his mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with an acute mother. They talk about their way from Switzerland, where they live, to New York, where their father lives. Not only do they intend to break their father's wedding, but to reunite their father with their mother who, after ten years, loves this man. Is there any doubt that Durbin is singing a song or two in his warm, miraculous soprano? No. Are there any doubts that girls will succeed ... Kay and Joan find their way through love and marriage? No, again. Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying he couldn't play Miss Fixit forever. He was right, of course, but in three clever girls, his first feature film, he has little Miss Fixit. Durbin is funny, determined, inventive, energetic and just natural. His personality is so genuine that it is the confusion of this comedy - farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the movie easily. It's fun to see her being held up like Binnie Barnes, like Donna Lyon, a woman with her hooks, Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who wasn't stealing the scene. Alice Brady, who played my man as Godfrey's template, plays Donna Lyon's mother, who is even more of a gold digger than her daughter. The last farceur of accomplished is Ray Milland, who is Lord Michael Stuart, who is mistaken and amused by confused Mischa Auer. <br/> <br /> Three smart girls are well-dressed with light and fun comedy manners and blends. So Deanna Durbin is a brand new star who, with its huge success, saved Universal's bacon.
