I'm surprised if the posters' comments confirm that Jane Powell made the same type of film made by Deanna Durbin. Although they were both young sopranos whose film images were designed by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any reference, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> IN THREE SMART GIRLIS Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss" Fixit, "who, after some setbacks, will be able to divorce his divorced parents in his semi-remake, THREE DARING DAUGHTERS, Jane Powell destroys almost her mother Jeanette MacDonald's marriage and new stepfather Jose Iturbi, when he refuses to accept him and strong weapons for his younger brothers to reject him, Durbin and Powell, the films I've seen, would say that these different qualities suffer in the early films of both talented young performers. Regarding Durbin's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it completely winning and most impressive. Although sometimes the more energetic scenes are occasionally dirty and superfluous, this is an early film for Deanna, looking confident, conscious. and, of course, the effervescent way in which he carries his lines and works in general. he plans, you would never think that it was the 14-year-old girl's first film role, with almost two years of vocal training with previous work experience. <br /> <br /> Given that this movie and Durbin himself were at the time they were "Universal's Last Opportunities", much has been made public, production must be a stress-free starter for all ages, but you're "d not never know about simplicity and fortune Durbin displays on the screen, although he's probably still developing his camera style and behavior (the same applies to many of the more advanced performances of modern, such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin plans an extraordinary presence and warmth on the camera, which is completely unique to him, and even here in his first film he succeeds in being very pleasant, despite his often quick-repelling impulsiveness, and although he is occasionally shrill, he never starts to design a coy for the second time and archi features that plagued many of the child's stars, including Jane Powell and some other young sopranos who followed her success. <br /> <br /> big singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a beautiful voice. " On the other hand, although Durbin's pure lyrical soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, for me the most remarkable thing was how he could project his songs without the slightest influence. afflicted by the songs of adult opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in timing films. <br /> <br /> The film is also admirable, heavily influenced by the screwdriver comedy, it supports Durbin along with kreme-de -la-creme first-class screwballs plus Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. True, it's hardly "realistic", but why should anyone expect it? IF YOU WANT: "REALISTIC" RENT OF HEIGHT OR OR TRIUMPH. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real, sweet, funny and fun family comedy with excellent, "charismatic" and terrific supporters of charismatic and talented adolescents, this movie will not let you down.
