The paradoxes of time are hostile to the devil for the poor. They are fun to consider "what if?" Filmmakers and authors have repeatedly addressed it in many films and television, including Star Trek: First Contact, Trilogy "Back to the Future", "Bill and Ted's Great Adventure", "Groundhog Day", and the Stargate SG1 . Heinlein's "All You Zombies" was written decades ago and it still spin out people who read the story for the first time. it is difficult to determine what the continuity problems can be compared to the plot elements that are meant to rethink our film concept. Recurring viewing leads us to different conclusions when we hold open mind. Most see Cole as a man who is bothered by what Adams describes as a "constant experience" he traveled on a journey. future history can be changed by manipulating past events. Cole tells her psychiatrist, Railly (Madeleine Stowe), that this time cannot be changed, but her phone call from the airport is stopped by scientists after she has been sent back to 1996, according to her personal schedule. Even this could be interpreted as an event that was supposed to take place in one time universe to ensure that the time line did not change ... Cole must realize his own destiny to die before his younger eye. If this is the case, then it is time for a liquid, it always finds its level or path, regardless of the external forces that work on it. It is deliberately limited to doing things too much. <br /> <br /> If you can change future events that drive the actions of those who have the right to send people back in time, as we can see a board at the end of the movie, it means that the future can be changed by changing past events. or does it? The film has probably led to a lot of drunken bands visited by physicists and mathematicians. Gilliam was more than the usual pressure to bring the film to the budget, which is not particularly surprising after the "Munchausen" attack and her subsequent event "Don Quijote". I would appreciate the "production" of the documentary as one of the most interesting things I've seen. Certainly it is not whitewash and does not exactly meet the problems that arise between creative people. Gilliam has described the release of the film as her "7th" by the film's writers, besides her own - and hence not actually "her" movie - making the film unfair. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt's idea of ​​Goines is interesting, although his character is not very sympathetic. Make sure that the scenes in his shelter see his little wall-art. It is disturbing and disturbing. <br /> <br /> Probably at the end of "12 Monkeys" and at the end of "The Hitchhiker's" TV series, Louis Armstrong's song "What a Wonderful World" was used. Galaxy Guide ”. British filmmaker Simon Jones also appeared in the film as well as in the TV series. '12 Monkeys' is a science fiction that is as entertaining as an entertaining chess spiritual stimulation. It's not pointless entertainment, it's for sure.
