The "twelve monkeys" are strange and disturbing while being so smart and intelligent. It jumps sharply between the future and the past, and this story is about a man named James Cole, a convicted offender who is sent back to collect information about a man-made virus that destroyed 5 billion people. The first Cole is sent back to 1990 by accident, and because of an accident, he goes to psychology where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets with Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, who is trying to help him and the patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so sensible, dealing with the mind and madness, this film is a solid masterpiece in the history of science fiction. <br /> <br /> The story is just fantastic. It's so original and so fun. David and Janet Peoples' own manuscript is inspired by the film "La Jetée" (1962), which I have not seen, but I have to thank the film director and writer Chris Marker for giving inspiration to "Twelve Monkeys" writers. I read a little about "La Jetée", this is not the same story, but it's the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration into a modernized story that tells people to find a solution to preserve human existence, and it is so beautiful and realistic that it is a guaranteed excitement from start to finish. The music used in the film is strange and somehow funny and fun, it doesn't really fit until you really get it, and when you realize it's as convincing as Paul Buckmaster has made. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, who we remember from Monty Python, as a film director, was a real surprise for me because I never thought of him as a director. I know he has directed the films before, but I really couldn't believe he could do something great. However, this should not be a surprise because it does an amazing job. You can still feel the same wonders as in Python, but for me, management is pretty much flawless, although describing things in a strange way, makes some scenes strangely annoying. Yes, it is really strange, weird, weird and annoying, so it makes the movie a little bit difficult, so the weak-minded viewers will probably have a hard time watching the movie all the time. It is not as difficult as you could imagine, but it only has things that are sometimes quite serious to look for. Nonetheless, this pure intelligence and jumping through the setbacks, dreams, the past, and the future, make the whole story very clever, and it doesn't even confuse the plot. it needs concentration from the spectator. <br /> <br /> What works, the movie doesn't even go wrong. James Cole's role is played by powerful Bruce Willis, who is probably still playing the best role. Now people may disagree with me because he did a good job like "Sixth Sense", but for me James Cole's role in Willis was so perfect and he did it very well. The character is very well written but still better. Cole starts questioning her existence and dealing with herself, starting to question her real life, trying to survive and finding a crucial missing part of the puzzle. With difficulty, she will lose her faith by questioning whether she can even trust or believe. Other reputations are those of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of James Cole's psychiatrist Kathryn Railly, who sees something strange in Cole and decides to cope with it. He will somehow believe Cole's story, but if he is a believer in faith, he will try to find solutions and try to solve incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and he is one of his best role-playing games. The personal crazy personality even brought Pitt to this Oscar nominee, so I think I would not honor honestly the astounding result. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great experience in science, and it is definitely a recommendation for everyone, especially for sci-fi fans. It includes brilliant signs and great role-playing games, especially from Willis and Pitt, and an original and entertaining story that makes a plot that is both smart and smart. However, it is already strange and disturbing that it will definitely attract the viewer's attention and wisdom. It is also an explosive thriller and it also has romance, so it's all in the same package and it makes it one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen. Terry Gilliam's strange but terrible vision still keeps her in balance, despite the somewhat rough, but somehow stable ride. It's hard to really explain, but that's the way it blows.
