The story of this movie is truly remarkable. The virus cut open and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we now know is that the animals dominate the above-mentioned land, and everywhere there are posters saying, "Twelve monkeys did it." That's right, the human race was supposed to hide underground a disease that had killed over 500 billion people. Obviously the animals do not contract this disease. Currently, the current scientist is trying to find out what the disease was causing; how it was created; when nature did it or just man created it. All they know is that there is a city over them running around the city, deaths from 1996 to 1997 and twelve monkeys having something to do with it. (Or at least what the poster says.) So the current convicted person named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After he does his "volunteer" work, he is asked to send him well in 1996 to find out what happened in the world. Cole accepts and the story of the twelve monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> The time of the whole story will be quite a few times since 1990, for some time in the 1950s. (In the midst of the war.) When you go back and forth, this mess starts to mess with James's head and turn that story. The whole story is very well done and I gave him a higher grade if it hadn't ended. Personally, I didn't like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I waited for an explanatory ending, what happened, but it's not everyone who thinks like that. So I gave it to 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I'd give it 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> To make the whole movie work, I'll give it A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and he works well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His action is so great, he gets into the character so well. I never cared about Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. There's characters or similar on this movie, it's just a little ... crazy in this movie. So in general, I think this movie is totally worth it. For most people, this is a fantastic movie, I just don't think it's a masterpiece.
