I usually try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as possible because it's not just a genre that I really like. Light craft, UFOs, aliens, time traveling ... mostly it's nothing to me. However, there is one movie in the genre that always puts me in the list of my films, and it's the "Twelve Monkeys". I remember being blown off for the first time, but even now, I've seen many times since then, I'm still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see it, this movie seems to be better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the future, all people will live underground because an unknown and deadly virus has destroyed five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is chosen as a volunteer who is sent back to collect information on the origin of the epidemic. They believe it was spread by a mysterious group called "Twelve Monkeys" and needs a virus before it mutates to be investigated by scientists. But their time traveler is still not working perfectly and he is randomly sent back to 1990, where he meets psychiatrist Dr Kathryn Railly and the famous son of a famous scientist and virus expert with Jeffrey Goines ... <br /> <br /> What I do so much like, it is never clear whether everything you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion created in the mind of a mental illness or is it real? Is he really the future and can he really travel through time? Did the twelve monkey army release the virus really from the population? These are all questions that leave you with the question from start to finish. If the authors of this movie chose it all, then I'm sure I never wanted it as much as I did now. It's just the mystery that always interests me. But this is not, of course, the only good thing about this film. Action is also amazing. Normally I'm not a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. Along with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, she would have had to win several awards for it, because with this amazing story, this movie was doing so incredibly well. <br /> <br /> Even after many views, I am still a big fan of this movie. With the exception of this movie, I've only seen one other Terry Gilliam movie, and it's "Fear and Hope in Las Vegas" that wasn't bad, but it doesn't really convince me. But this is the movie that really awaits my second job. I'll give it 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
