Terry Gilliam and David Peoples joined one of the most intelligent and creative fiction films of the 1990s. Did people prove the scenario with the odd and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I especially love the idea that cannot be changed in the past; this is a nice contrast to movies that travel so much time, which say otherwise? a biological holocaust and a thin line between health and madness. Gilliam visualized her ideas with unique quirkiness, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is related: one man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis heart warming force), travels for decades to get information about the virus that has been wiped out of humanity, and left some living living underground Data: Scientists hope to gather the information they collect so that everyone can return to the surface in the future. But because their time travel technology is not perfect, it is sent to other past and complex things. And as a result, a brilliant sci-fi thriller has been created with the nuances of the film as several pieces of the mosaic fit together to form a strange narrative that includes the best activists of the animals, the end of the millennium paranoia, biological weapons, the perception of reality and the concept of reason. With such a complicated film, Gilliam and Peoples could easily create confusion, but Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking narrative that wants those who like to challenge them and patience to judge some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie about ten years ago. It celebrated me a lot: I still remember many days after a few days; for my young man, it seemed quite amazing and it was one of the first films that put me in cinema as something serious and important. I watched this movie a few days ago on a DVD and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he's playing with Jeffrey Goines? almost prelude to your Tyler Durden character at Fight Club? a rich boy who has some anarchist / non-conformist ideas who are crazy and, perhaps, Cole may be responsible for this virus. Scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in Madhouse are the best in the movie, Pitt's eyes, voice and peculiar admonition convince you that he is a really crazy guy locked in just logic. Pitt Oscar nomination was well earned! It was also surprising that Bruce Willis performed: he did not remember very well, but it is beautiful and sensitive; He plays a man who spent almost all his life underground, and when he reaches the past, you share your childish charm with just as simple air as breathing fresh air from the morning or rising from the sun. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, Peoples tried to take him away from the darkness and he does other people and himself with other disturbing things: the scene where he removes his teeth shows how far his dementia is unchecked. Ironically, Cole did not go crazy, but when she starts to warn everyone at the end of the world, she feels crazy and convinced that it is all in her mind until she arrives at a time when she cannot distinguish the future from reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time confusing and insecure, and it works great. One of the fun in narrative is when Cole's contraction, dr. Kathryn Railly believes she is unquestionable from the future, and now she has to persuade her to save her world from her mission. The scenario is full of such strange twists and keeps the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also well under control, though maybe a little while. But I enjoyed the love of Cole and Railly and tried to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things will end at the tragic / bittersweet climax airport, packing all the pieces that will capture a lot of spirit. <br /> <br /> In this movie, there are two big ends, twist in that sense. Se7en or Fight Club and the more intimate end where Railly is next to Cole, who has just shot and searched for the younger James Cole, who knows his future own death; the two will be brief, and he will smile at him. Twist is brilliant, but I prefer the end to the emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good at Dr Railly's playing, she has drawn many different emotions from me. The film is filled with a sense of fate by the fact that the past cannot be changed: this film shows in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in the sense that Jake Gittes is trying to do more. The nature of the railway shares this fatalism, the more he tries to help Cole? first deals with his "madness", helping him on his mission? the more they are sucked into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> Twisting ends with promising remarks, but Cole's mission hasn't been in vain. Twelve Monkeys are great for watching movies when they want entertainment; it should not be art, though it is more of an artist than many artistic films. This is a modest film, where all the elements, from music to editing to costume design etc., came together nicely to produce a contemporary cinema masterpiece.
