Undoubtedly, 12 MONKEYS one of the best films in the Sci-fi genre and director Terry Gilliam is not stranger to such cinematic originality. The apocalyptic film that keeps you completely fascinated, 12 MONKEYS will never let you down and guess the whole way. The great use of Philadelphia locals and netorworld kits creates a gothic tragedy and two people are being caught in the wrong place at the right time. all that happens. He's actually sensible, but the people of the future (or the locals, if you want to) will distort this guy with such bad times, it's no wonder he's unravels. He will be sent to World War I as soon as the Bengi is sent to the wrong year to find out how the twelve army is pulling out the destruction of civilization as we know it. Finally, they get right and what is a truly remarkable scenario that fits the show is seen with Willis, Madeleine Stowe, and the notorious Brad Pitt for 6 years. <br /> <br /> Stowe is sensual and strong as a risky contraction that slowly realizes that Will may not be as split as it seems. The enchanting element of the relationship between him and Willis is their sense of "seeing" each other before, in another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is essentially the time and madness that futuristic people dive into and the current times when killers and psychotic geniuses can change the world. <br /> <br /> The city of Philadelphia is a dark and gothic background in which Willis's difficulty in fulfilling his mission, against all the usual Hollywood stereotypes, is not to save the world. He gathers information. The film also plays the tricks of the viewer by placing Willis in a new setting at the pin bottle. This must be a very difficult picture, but Gilliam seems to be a master of making boiled films. He even falls on some humor that resembles other great works like TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is the man's canvas and he knows how to paint a terrifying picture of the world and its possible future in the mainstream atmosphere of high budget films. If you want a sincere madness and an ironic tragedy, see 12 MONKEYS. <br /> <br /> EVALUATION: 9/10
