The history of the apocalyptic future has been around for years, because the creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that modern society is responsible for the future in the near future and that our own abuses and refusals to see what are right before the eyes are at the heart of all these stories, whether they are good or not. bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is, of course, natural for such a movie. He gives the film a decadent feeling, showing that society has its own superfluousness and brings out the feeling of an immediate tragedy, despite the moments of comedy. His world, the world where TWELVE MONKEYS appears, is a place where the crazy savage, where the cities break down into slag and neglect, where, despite the brightness of the opening order, it fluctuates itself, where madness tends to be in every corner. This is a very dark film, but its the best, the most linear (despite the plot twists that are under investigation) and the one that repeats more. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which a deadly virus was fired on humanity in 1996 and brought to life the destruction of the planet, as we have known. This leads the future to scientists to change and change the destiny of mankind on Earth, using displaced citizens. Earth - like guinea pigs, to go back in time, one of them James Cole (Bruce Willis's big influence). Cole can be any person. We don't know anything about him, but it doesn't matter in any way, because he's a little more than one of the many volunteers being dragged, and his tips will steal later if he gets closer to his mission. We know that he is a man who dreams and his dreams might have been a reality: he may already be on the scene of 1996. <br /> <br /> This is the constant idea of ​​deja vu that keeps the movie open. When he was mistakenly taken to a mental care facility in 1990, he meets Jeffrey Goines (who was played here by Oscar candidate Brad Pitt) who consistently speaks of preaching and destruction, and later believes Cole has seen Goines in his recurring dream of pushing the boy next to the boy, when he escapes ... what? He doesn't know. Later he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first reactions to him is that he is crazy and has seen him before. It turns into a current thought throughout this story by participating in a passive / resilient active and even a little crazy believer that something terrible comes along this path, especially when he meets him six years later: he has seen Cole earlier. Meanwhile, Cole continues to talk about a dream she also has a game in which she also plays a part of a blonde who runs through the aisle, screaming for help when shots are kicked out and a special redhead man in a ponytail (Jeffrey Goines?) Has apparently escaped, not before when he is an innocent bystander. Questions arise: have these events happened? Are they going to happen? Who is really part of it or better yet - is it all part of the smallest player, the bigger plot? Or is it a trick all the time in a time when time itself is one big conveyor belt that shows repeated fragments of events that slip over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterful order that contains the key events of Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece VERTIGO, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton grieves her short existence ("You didn't notice," she says, Cole and Railly look at their cinemas what they hide). VERTIGO dialog boxes form a foil to the dialogue between Railly and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up clearly from the theater and searches for Railly, she comes face to face with her wife (looking almost exactly) like Eva Maria Saint NORTH-NESTHWEST when Bernard Herrmann swings Madeleine Elster dressed up with the appearance of Judy Barton. This is an exciting sequence, all the more so because the names of the actors in both films are the most unlikely: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who is a blonde wig and a gray ditch and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while helping the "crazy" man named James Cole, James Stewart plays a detective who is trying to help Madeleine Elster, a madman who later appears again, not twice, first as a brown Judy Barton, and later as Madeleine, Action and Reactivation, Playing and Playing.
