The intriguingly bold film worships seemingly tense camera work with an excellent casting and explosive soundtrack to draw the harmful effects of Santiago's underworld crime and corruption on two naive young brothers from the town of South Temuco. <br /> <br /> Film debutant Daniella Rios is a seductive erotic dancer, Gracia, who works in a nightclub that is part of the new mini-film in Chile's film production Alejandro Trejo. The older brother played by Nestor Cantillana has been reassuredly convinced that he will become the leader of Trejo after the nightclub to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of the younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the very beginning of this scene, the film exploded the neo-noir to explore what the outside world usually does not see stereotypically and Catholicly in that country. <br /> <br /> Gracia's attractiveness to attracting three men like bees to honey, although the round narrative of triple fantasy romance revolves between major international drug-related transactions between Trejo men and Gringo, Eduardo Barril. Power relations are becoming a vital issue, as the outsiders of society join the mini-family. Prostitute has an exotic spell of film about all Chilean men who appear in her vague position on the margins of society and are considered the key to the future of all three men. Relations between Trejo and Cantillana are important, because the boys' parents are poor because of their lack (they are expected to live in Temuco). That is why Trejo, el padrino, who "takes Cantillana" and is effectively "male" in the city. Miranda quickly becomes desperate because her dependence on her "father's", Cantillana, is becoming more and more tense because of jealousy over beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda still remains limited at school - it depends on the money to survive as it is a Trejo dependent Cantillana. In turn, Trejo is under Gringo's thumb, and his wealth has accumulated through drugs and his striptease clubs. Gracia's figure acts as a beautiful fireworks watch as a time bomb, surrounds the beauty of the web within the patriarch, but the strain can only lead to one climax. <br /> <br /> Since the tensions in these power relations come to a head, Gracia remains vaguely difficult to understand. The viewer is never sure what male he is committed to. The film concludes with tragic and explosive firing that harmonizes power relations and quits half of the main male protanganists. Miranda's beaten face, which accelerates the PanAmericano highway, is definitely impossible to shoot. The boy is infiltrated by attracting the underworld of the city, but has lost his only visible family and his wife, his only friend. He has nothing. The supreme metaphors are bold and brave. It's a gangster movie in Chile. Family definitions, gender before marriage, etc. have been lost, and instead of showing the harsh realities of the other side of the Santiago coin, all of their wild glories appear. Trejo beats Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda love cinema reel in the room - a whore who has sex with a minor who barely knows. "Gringos" can see it in a small Latin American country, but not through copper wells, through illegal drug routes. <br /> <br /> The Waissbluth triumph is in his dark underworld presentation that raises so many social issues, more than a record-breaking Sexo Con Amor movie slippery, smooth fire, which places this movie firmly on Sexo Con Amori, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental aside. cinematographic evidence that Chile is well and truly artificially alive and beaten during the transition period 15 years after censorship of the military regime.
