Director / writer Andrés Waissbluth worked for seven years to finish a two-hour film about a crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps this is one of the reasons why the film seems to be episodic and needs editing. OR, maybe it is the director's technique that shows a nice movie noir storytelling. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio Elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor Younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - have moved from their homes to Temuco after their parents died, and Silvio works to support Victor's education. On his seventeenth birthday, Victor takes out the virgin clubs, where he encourages Victoria to lose his innocence with one club stripper / prostitute. In a happy scene, Viktor faces his emerging impotence, while Silvio is on the floor of the club, impressive "owners" who have his rental option. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work for the gang as a bodyguard / hansa man and makes good money to support Victor's training. But Victor has eyes on one of the dancers in the club Gracia (Antonella Ríos), and is starting to wake up, leaving school to frustrate Silvio. Gracia just happens to be the club gang leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), who is Silvio boss! Gracia is the story that keeps this story together because it is a Victor, Silvio, and Don Pascual parameter, and the consequences of its bizarre reminiscence, which the Trois has deadly results. In order to tell the story in Victor's, Silvio's and Gracia's eyes, we understand that the vulnerabilities and cracks of each character make it possible to break the results. <br /> <br /> Sound Like Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well, it's and it's filmed in a brutally colorful and dark way that includes a lot of nudity (both female and male) and provocative sexual exchanges. Ultimately, the director's sensual aspect is the one that drives this film, playing the success of the debutant virgin psyche against the hardcore professional sex worker. It is quite strong, especially in the demanding role of Antonella Ríos Gracia. There are enough turns and repetitions of the incidents you think you first understood, but that change through the eyes of a very different nature. After two hours, some reasonable editing would have helped the film. Spanish with subtitles in English. Recommended for those who like passionate film noir style and South American cinema art. Grady Harp
