Nobody claims that this 1945 war movie was a masterpiece. (How could any 1945 war movie be a masterpiece?) And yet this is a very effective real story that Al Schmidt, blinded to Guadalcanal, like John Garfield, spent days in front of the eyes to capture the nuances of blind action. Robert Leckie, "Helmet for My Pillow", tells Schmidt's popularity for his foxhole mate, who was killed by writing that "the country needs to have lived heroes." <br /> <br /> I think the country did it. And they had one here. In the movie, there is one combat scene associated with a studio party, lasting only ten minutes or less than half of the movie instead of the movie, but it is a frightening and realistic image of the fire I remember on the screen, I remember including those that took place in "Saving Private Ryan". Men scream with fear, screaming at each other and at the enemy, and bleeding and dying without color, stereo sound, squibs or gore. <br /> <br /> From a purely technological point of view, the film is outstanding. It's not just that we are learning how complicated the mechanism is, 0.30 caliber, water-cooled Browning machine gun, or that it only needs to be fired in a few rounds, or that it doesn't move like a fire hose, as in so many other war films. Technical precision increases the quality of riveting the scene. The need to stay in short breaks is terrible when dozens of walking enemies are poured over a stream 50 meters away, the sole purpose of which is to destroy you and your two isolated friends who are confined to a small weapon. The performances are strong, if not bravura, including support throughout the 1940s, John Ridgeley and radiant, youthful Eleanor Parker. The love story of design is free, but it works and ultimately moves. An inclusive dream has been added. It's not Bunuel, but it's the original and effective for the usual 1945 movie. <br /> <br /> Albert Maltz may have overwritten the script or anyone else can change it. It could have been using a pruning that could have brought about a lot of ambiguity. However, there is an odd verbal punctuation that has a surprising effect on the viewer - "Why doesn't God hit me dead?" And "in the eyes, Lee. Get in the eyes!" The depth of fear in some nice words. And a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in the 1945 war film. <br /> <br /> Comments that may prove to be wrong for a modern viewer, but perhaps not: a dated native language that is hard to believe that many of today's children might think they have ever been spoken - "private" "dope", "drip", "gee", "you fool", "dame", "swelling man" and "feeling". Let's look at the historical context and be kind in our decisions. br /> <br /> Real Weaknesses? Wounded veterans gather together and argue with each other about how many collective futures they have, and the argument is superfluous with the conclusion, "just because you have a silver plate with your head does not mean people I think you're a bad person. "Sometimes there are voice transmissions and quiet prayers that are both unnecessary and completely unimaginable. "Please, God, let him return to me," and such a thing. <br /> <br /> Well, filmmakers acted within their time limits. Perhaps the reason for this is that the final fade is at the hit of Independence Hall and inspiring "America the Beautiful" strains swell behind. None of this gets the virtues of the film, which is significant, especially the effect of this scary battle scene. It is not often on television. If you have the opportunity, I can get it on all the tools.
