I probably didn't see this movie for 35 years, so when I recently noticed that he was on TV (cable) for the first time for a very long time (it's not available on video), I'm sure I didn't miss it. Unlike so many other films that lose their luster when they see it again, I found that visual images of "Navy pride" were as lively and effective as I remembered for the first time. What makes this movie anyway special? <br /> <br /> All. Based on the real story of Al Schmid and his compatriot machine bombing team members in the Battle of Tenaru River in Guadalcanal in November 1942, the scenario remains 95% true to the book on which it is based, "Al Schmid, Marine" Roger Butterfield, which only varies enough to satisfy the film time limits. This is not a typical "war movie" where action is central and the war scene is in the middle of the film for a short 10 minutes. But it is a memorable 10 minutes filmed in the lowest light to portray a night battle, and there is no hilarious heroism or inaccuracy that usually captures the genre. It was possible that before his time it was a natural drama about what happened, more than enough to convey to the audience the harsh, ugly, brutal nature of the battle and apparently shocked the audience when it was immediately seen after the war. This film does not mean worshiping war; I can't imagine anyone seeing this battle scene and wanting to get involved. Not immediately, anyway. <br /> <br /> What this film really is about is the consequences of the battle and how damaged men can learn to reclaim their lives. There's a great hospital room where a dozen men talk about it and I feel it's another reason why the film was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. The turn (negative film) is a "dream" sequence that seems almost experimental, and the operation is also strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for this role because his natural temperament and Schmid were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for some time to learn as much as he could about this man and his role. The actors don't do it anymore, but add to the equation, it's just one reason why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult and unpleasant story.
