In the field of films developed on the basis of scenarios in other regions (or any title of that Oscar), "Holes" is credible. I think it's better if the author creates a scenario because the author is the creator of the material. If the author cannot write manuscripts to save his life, then create this author and someone who is fluent in the scenario area. Moreover, this review is about "holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons begin here and the spoiler can be found. (1) Louis Sachar is a great author and shows that he can write a script. I watched the movie and then read the book and both didn't start to be confused or stupid again. Some people simply have natural talents that can overcome the media. (2) Shia LaBeouf will be awarded the Best Performance Award for depicting her main character. He "digs" himself into a role. I wanted to see his character before the conclusion. (3) By pulling a little upright, Andrew Davis brought in. This is a guy who made Harrison Ford hard and ran fast. He can also make some of Steven Seagal's heads. As for this movie, he made Shia and the rest of the boys dig some holes. In other words, he can make a "action packed" movie and do it well, even if "action" is not the main genre, not "action". (4) My second favorite will be to Mr Voight Mr Sir. Sometimes a first-rate job brings the performer the best. When Voight said "Once upon a time ...", I have to laugh for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and should explore some more roles that allow him to use this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very confident when he is given a specific script. This is probably the second best role I have seen him (the second only "O brother, where are you?"). (6) I love the choice of movie settings. I didn't know California was dry or hairy. I think that the figures for the population and rural areas can be misleading. (7) The overall appearance of the film put me in the desired bottle. One could only imagine that this clean area was dug for half a day. (8) The remaining majority should also falsify the Kudos bar. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were used because of these talents and it was gelled very well. Excellent casting, even when it was close to the band. (9) I like a movie that doesn't explain anything right now. When Stanley clocks his head with their baseball clips, it made me want to see how strange the events are and this is the main ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) have yet to make some of these mature young movies. It was delicious for me and I'm a student. The last mature minor Disney movie I saw was "Something wrong with this road" and "holes" might surpass it (as in the election in 2000, it's another call to end). Disney can do the size if they decide to expand this genre and keep their mastery in mind when they see it. Ten Reasons Give Ten Results! <br /> <br /> All in all, "holes" are one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year (this movie may not be Oscar material, but who said it) Oscar material is the best material?). Reading the book from reading the movie, it's behind my "Fight Club" list (which is on top). When I saw the movie in 2003, it's the fifth (behind the Mystic River). Compared to "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats takes a light shovel over Harry and brings Potter to his nose with a final smack of scent. Everyone should see this movie because it both informs and entertains. Here ends my bead!
