And I'm serious! Really one of the most fantastic movies I've ever had. What is so wonderful is that very rarely does a good book become a movie that is not only good but possibly better than the novel on which it was based. Maybe Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it's really rare. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped the masses to keep the film close to the story, but takes it further. This movie has many elements that make it so: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with fun and humor, but with a ripe edge. 2. Excellent actress. Both adults and children, these parties know how to put the story into practice and offer their features with enthusiasm and style without going overboard, as sometimes in children's films. 3. Amazing Landscape. And it doesn't matter if it's real or CGI, the device itself is a masterpiece. I especially love the picture of holes in the eyes of birds. 4. A talented director who breathes life into a book and makes it a technical genius. Over time, transitions work well and remain at the forefront of the book, bringing the whole film around. 5. Louis Sachar! The man who kept me from reading the book to the end, so I couldn't put it down. He makes sure that the script remains in the book, adding new bits to make it even better. 6. And talking about the script! Such single liners are smart, funny and uninhibited. But there are also some parts that make you smile, cry you and drag your heartbeat to make this love more. 7. Beautiful sound. There is no song in this movie that I haven't fallen into, and that's something I think I should be a punk rocker. The songs relate well to the story and add extra jazz to the overall style of the movie. If you plan to buy a movie, I suggest you also buy a soundtrack, especially for "Only", which focuses on the story and includes a choir from the book. <br /> <br /> I'm not working for those who made holes, by the way, I'm just a fan of connecting my favorite film and giving it a worthy look. If you haven't seen it, do it. Now. It's very fast. Go!
