Holes are the past and the way it affects the lives of at least three people. One of them I call, the other two are mysteries and remain so. The holes are the story of Stanley Yelnats IV. He's unhappy in life. In fact, the unfortunate character of the fate of most of Yelnats' men and has since used Stanley IV, "is not a good-dirty-rat-pig-steal-big-grandfather". These particular exploits swallowed the family's men with many bad swings. This is exactly where we meet Stanley IV. He has wrongly accused the famous baseball player of stealing a few baseball shoes donated to the auction of homeless shelters. He has the opportunity to go to prison, or he can go to the character's building camp. "I've never been to the camp," says Stanley. With that, the judge eagerly sends him to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> The camp's green lake is a strange place with strange philosophy. hot sun, he makes a good boy. We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Sir Sir (John Voight) from one camp advisor. We immediately get the impression that he is a dangerous man. He at least bears his attitude honestly; he doesn't think he's nice. The camp's lead advisor, Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson), is a completely different thing. He acts as part of a caring sensitive counselor, but he is fast, faster than anyone who is capable of triggering the most brutal verbal attacks on his accusations. Warden has a decision, but not just a mystery. These three rules, Camp Green Lake, are a place without a lake. It's just a dry dusty desert filled with holes, five feet and five feet. Its local fauna seems to be only creeps and dangerous poisonous yellow spots. Green Lake seems to be a haunting place in many ways. <br /> <br /> The holes work in spite of strange situations and strange creatures because they understand people. Specifically, it's just how he communicates with Camp Green Lake prisoners. The film captures the way the boys interact with each other. This shows how boys can tempt each other how they can win admiration, the way they fight each other, and how boys themselves are in the age range. It is this nuanced core that makes everything else in the film credible. What is also refreshing about this film is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in the curse of the family, he has not bothered for his infamous exploitation of the "good-dirty-rotten pigs stealing-grand-grandfather". In fact, he loves to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter in the past and decided that he would not affect him as it had affected his father and grandfather. Sometimes the film has a lot of sadness, but not much nervousness. And it's refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes are a smart, incomprehensible and witty family movie. It is entertaining and not cheap. It's not a comedy, though it laughs. It dares to be convincing where many family movies tend to play it safely and routinely. As such, it overcomes the family of family films and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I'll give her 10.
