Gruveyman2 (comment below) is the perfect idiot ... blinded by ignorance of the city where you have faith. It's a trick of arrogance that you ironically claim that the movie comes out of SF, which makes you feel like a typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you felt the film was that SF is SF is that you are jealous. Of course you don't know that because you're in LA. First of all, the film was completely factual from a beautiful city; what has been filmed there and filmed by some of his most famous locals. He doesn't say anything bad to LA; and these accomplished leaders decide to live in a beautiful city of LA. They admit that they went to LA for a film school and are obviously proud of it. They recognize that SF is close to LA, which is useful. The only negative thing about LA was the studio leaders. The leaders of the same studio who hated these men's films when they first saw them, but then the same films became huge global brand factors. Why wouldn't they have fun with the studio executive and the studio system? These are the only people they are trying to "divorce" and for good reasons! Don't be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "so-called" San Francisco leader? How does he not understand it? And who led the godfather? Coppola did it. It was his vision that spoke the story on the screen that won the best picture award. So what gave her a job? She admits it in a documentary film that she didn't even want to make a movie. And what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And this proves your point, how? And tell me how they are not truly independent when they fund a lot of their movies. Movies that are now considered classic. And when they made movies about financing the studio, one, LA, came to them and said that we wanted you to have those pictures and two, they used the money they made when making their pictures to finance their own. They said it exactly in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your innocent and self-congratulatory whining would take the air with greater self-esteem and credibility if you ever fail to walk what you claim to be better than how the devil gets" dull "and" self-blessing "suddenly has itself respect and faith "air" ... when they never go to LA What a stupid and pointless comment! You put some great words there ... and just don't know how to use them! that they were better than LA! What if they give a New York man a reward in LA, so when they go to LA or New York, they are hypocrites, preferring to live in SF? it makes no sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage, and of the people who are doing it today - this film focused on just one aspect ... making a movie. city ​​(not movie! But city and its people ) Only proves what we are in Northern California people hate people from LA! It's a great documentation ... very interesting, especially if you're in a cool area ... but I recommend it everywhere.
