The trick in creating a good and solid mystery story is as much timing as it relates to plot contractions, colored characters, or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever been frustrated with an unfinished Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle that solves too long is no longer fun. The best mysteries of murder, whether on film or in print, are the light things that reach the point, point out their clues, line up their suspects and hopefully give us a few surprises; is difficult without being unreasonably confusing. And they play fair; At the second, third, and fourth observations, clues and red herring should be just as happy to admire how well it all comes together, because we were first surprised. Indeed, good thrillers should get better on recurring views when we wait for double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's Comedy-Thriller DEATHTRAP, derived from Broadway's game hit by Ira Levin, is a great example. It moves along a regular clip, skilfully telling its clues, being (almost) completely honest with us (even if it lies to us) and still not showing where it goes (even if it tells us where it goes). This is a lesser murder mystery film at the traditional end than a movie of murder mysteries derived from a feature film. Instead of going back - murder and then investigating why everything happened - DEATHTRAP takes us through the crime (s) step by step, leaving enough room for unexpected ones; because ads require it to be less "whodun" than "who". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is compared (unfavorably, strangely) with SLEUTH's game and movie versions, although in reality it is SCREAM, a self-evident essay on funny career crashes. . Like this smart movie, the DEATHTRAP labels themselves (thriller thriller) set it as parameters ("one-time, five-character moneymaker") and then continue to deconstruct their genre, showing themselves as "the most extreme and unpleasant situation" enough to convince the audience to stop their infidelity . "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP gives us a brilliant mystery with only five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones is a central lawyer for most of the exposure (and to give us his crowded charm) and Irene Worth are all scammers and comic relief as a psychological-cum-sleuth who acts as a nominal detective, which leaves three main characters of the killer (s) and / or victim (s): a testimony to Michael Cain's abilities that Sidney Bruhl, who is a mysterious author author, he creates a character that we are similar in nature and trust, even if we realize right now that almost everything he says is wrong. With his adorable wife, Myra, as a dynasty, Dyan Canon flirts, being upright, giving a roll-up run a character of such a nature that repeatedly appears to be weak or frightening, insidious or hysterical, terrible or bold and uncompromising in love less than the returning Sidney. The third corner is the playwright called Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never get a grip on who is his character: an enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer, a semi-fake victim or a cunning charming sociophone. Since different characters are dancing around each other, ace scribe Jay Presson Allen's smart bitter script can consistently be fun even if it skips. And even after the last twist (healing in front of the game finale) it may not be quite clear who has manipulated who to do it. <br /> <br /> Snow is by no means a master of comedy, so he lets his ruling power free to rule out these characters and they all give a sharp, theatrical but subtle job, with Reeve being especially remarkable. But what Lumet does so well is skillfully working in tight quarters. Since he did perfectly in 12 ANGRY MEN, he takes it with a one-off game and is able to open minimally, which may be narrow, static and stagnant, seem endlessly photogenic and spacious. The country house that was rebuilt from the old windmill is relatively small but, as Tony Walton designed, it can be both cozy and charming, as well as spooky and deceptive. It is so hard to say where the studio and the real country house cross the border, to some extent it becomes the sixth sign. And as a crime scene, it is indeed the most inviting.
