One of the biggest bodybuilders of the b and c film producer Roger Corman was the Ramones vehicle (originally designated as cheap tricks), Rock N 'Roll high school. It is just a simple, technically dated story (but it would give more nostalgic humor, given that these were the things that made Napoleon's dynamical characters funny - see the Eaglebauer bath) for teenagers who love rock n 'roll. <br /> Vince Lombard High School students are at odds with evil, Miss Evelyn Togar (played by a cult classic, Mary Woronov), who fears that Rock N 'Roll will make children uncontrollable, immoral deviations and promises in the Rock N' Roll-Free Zone. In fact, he is going to lose the Rock N 'role to all students, whether it is in school, and he works with most adults who can make the plan a success. <br /> <br /> But not when Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help. Ramones fanatic, he has written some songs (including Rock N 'Roll High School) that he wants to give to Ramones, and trying to do that, Miss Togar is trying to do everything he can to get him to see Ramones play in town. It culminates in a final rebellion between obsolete adults and teenagers (in some ways a reminiscent of the end). After years of tears when the fame of the garage clubs The Ramones (and others) would mark a further shift in music evolution, it was nice to see a movie that celebrated it all in a humorous, exaggerated way. This is mostly a light comedy, but a good self-conscious comedy when you're in the mood to make something fun. With Jerry Zucker (celebrity celebrity) and Joe Dante (Gremlins celebrity), both involved in some leadership, you get an idea of ​​what humor you are (and not to say, wait for Dick) Miller even if there are only a few minutes in the final. This story must later be inspired (and constantly updated) from the mid-1990s in Detroit Rock City, which changed the small signs of the age-old glam rockers in the Kizz vehicle. <br /> <br /> I recommend Corey Feldman's Rock N 'Roll High School Forever, which appeared almost ten years later. The original is still the best.
