Having seen David Shepard's shortened print before, I finally got a full or closer full version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the more widely distributed 30-minute version. Shepard print Image Entertainment is definitely of higher quality and the best parts are there, but it is still good to see the rest of the movie and perform some loose stories. <br /> <br /> Shepard's print ends with Mary, saying, "You see, I've changed my mind - I'll never go home." However, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll will finish their full version right after this scene? Mary returns to her homeland? and Driscoll restores his relationship with Vivian. Additional video material develops Vivian's character, which was of little importance in the Shepard version. In addition, the film begins in full-featured New Jersey countryside with Mary, where she reads and fantasies about her ideal lover. He is disappointed to see the chore boy Johnny Applebloom's success (a completely missing sign of the Shepard version), but he will probably return to Driscoll and eventually become the farmer's spouse. /> <br /> Regardless of the print, A Girl's Folly is a good 1917 film made by one of the top executives of the 1910s Maurice Tourneur. In it, Tourneur takes a lot of jazz in his business, including his own cartoon - film-film director. Two leaders are offering a high quality performance based on early performance standards: Robert Warwick, an actor who is adventurous, and Doris Kenyon, who wants to play ingenue on the screen. <br /> <br /> The self-summoning films that made the film focus on films were nothing new at the moment. Mack Sennett had shown this type of film three years before "Mabel's dramatic career". However, several aspects of it seem. Frances Marion's subtitles are humorous, including the chessboards and their guiding hand - remarkable in 1917. I especially liked the final title of the movie, where two observers noted the happy ending of the movie: "Gee is not romantick!" And the other answers: "Romance, nuthin !? Female female scriptwriter Anita Loos did the same self-analysis of another 1917 film "Wild and Woolly". Both writers helped change the role of their professions in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some of the photos from Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially in the film industry. The use of mirrors in several scenes is a nice enhancement of the film's self-reflexiveness. In addition, editing is exceptional. Fast cross-cutting during studio scenes is particularly important; It serves a passionate pace of filmmakers' work, especially at this time.
