Riff Randell is a wild, enthusiastic fan of the rock group; Ramones and so most students are in school. But the new principal, Mr Togar, thinks that the role of rock 'n' is bad for the students, especially the music of The Ramones. So when Riff discovers they're in town, he misses a couple of days in class to get tickets for himself and his friends. But when Mrs Togar discovers why she actually took these days, she seizes the tickets. Although this happens, Tom Roberts is completely loved by Rift, but Riff's friend Kate Rambeau feels like Tom. But Riff's eyes are only on the lead singer Joe Ramone and hopefully reach this concert so they can play their song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, it's the right 'Rock n Roll High School' won't pull it further? scary, messy messy! It wasn't what I was expecting, that's for sure. Anyone participating in this dandy project looks like they have a great time and a relaxing nature that shows the screen with such a glowing spirit that makes it an invaluable experience. That doesn't mean I think its art and plot are as meaningless as possible. But looking at this passionate, mad ride that extends to some good harmless high directions, I just couldn't smile at my face. It's sticky, very cheesy, tightly chaotic, but fucking it is funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low-budget, b-class feature produced by Roger Corman and John Dante, co-author (and plus he directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush shot the hospital the last day). In principle, it is a glorious respect for clinging to the swings of the 1950s as they stick with fruitful clichés and cast a stacked check of teenage rebellion because of the gap between them and the adult generation (who always knows best). These features may not be particularly fresh, but they cause some complaints due to dynamic and happy treatment. The movie has only one thing to go to the bang! And they can do it. "The Ramones", who play themselves, are polite. Really, could you say this one big trendy video clip because it's all about Ramone? well, most of it. I see a great deal of Ramones operational ability. These are musicians, not actors, which means they are not about acting here, but about the music we expect. They are here to do! What, they give it some kick ass stories that peppered the movie to create a completely reverse vibe. Especially their amazing concert performances. The amazing soundtrack also got some killers from other artists like Devo, Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. However, these jump races were recklessly recognized and even the score was worked quite well. Especially in scenes involving pr. Togar, which, in his opinion, is surrounded by the right mood. The playful mood of the film is quite similar to a skateboarder, with a rally between alternating stories and comic segments ranging from scattered slapstick routines to sometimes smart and linguistic dialogues. A variety of light and heavy gags have been employed for good measurement, which I found very pleasant and it gave him such a wide choice to express myself. <br /> <br /> What more movie was added was the adorable PJ Soles (better known for his performance on Halloween) who shot a bomb like peachy Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dey Young, like the very lovely Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten, Tomwberts, and the man Eaglebauer, who are playing amazingly Clint Howard. Also, some of Corman's regular drawer regular jumps with a large number of Mary Woronov presentations that are excellent as demanding Ms. Togar, who pushes her unfair governance to students, Paul Bartel, Mr. McGree, and the small supporter's role from Dick Millar to the end. Enthusiastic action is quite hairy, but it goes down the material well, and there is a certain trait that comes from these characters, but we completely despise Mrs Togar and the followers of her hall. <br /> <br /> Shrub here when I say "Rock 'n' Roll High School" is an intoxicating fear, radical time!
