AJU, who will be a DIE, was considered to be so unpleasant in 1959 that before the publication in 1962, several cuts and a three-year pass were needed. Today it is hard to imagine how someone could have taken this thing seriously even in 1959; The thing is both gentle and fun, but it is also incredibly ridiculous in a deeply harsh way. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is a doctor who is eager to experiment with relocating limbs - and if his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he rushes to his secret lab. With some phone cables, a few clips and looks like a low baking pan, he brings his head back. But is he grateful? Not hardly. In fact, he seems to have noted the whole thing considerably, especially when the doctor intends to attach his head to another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, your doctor is optimistic about this new body: he wants him to build for speed, and he rides with astonished women on the city's sidewalks, worships joints, visits the body's beautiful competitions, and cools the cheesecake models while looking for his eyebrows donations for lifting. But back in the lab, the driver has developed a chemically-induced psychological link with another medical test, it's so frightening that it is kept in hand in a lab cabinet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious laboratory, wreck the doctor for revenge, and save the woman whose body she wants? Maybe! Leading man Jason Evers plays roguish doctor as if he had received a huge dose of Spanish flight; Virginia Leith, unhappy head, punches and punches, despite having no lungs and maybe even no vocal order. Busty babes gyrate to the incredibly tawdry music, actors make the irrational character become the line of line, the dialogue is even nonsense as a plot, and you need a calculator to add consistency to goofs. All in all, DIE, WHICH SHOULD BE LOOKING FOR, is unintentionally more fun than Ed Wood's film. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green can actually keep the whole thing moving with a pretty good clip and watching Nowadays it is easy to choose scenes that influenced later directors who no doubt saw it when they were young and impressive and never got it over. The cuts made before the release of the film have disappeared forever, but the cuts made to the television have been restored in the Alpha version, and although the film and sound quality are not particularly large, it is simply to be remembered that they were probably not. All this is good to get started. <br /> <br /> Now this is one of those movies that you find incredibly boring or wildly depending on your point of view, so it's hard to make a recommendation. But I say this: if your tastes are like those of Ed Wood or Russ Meyer, you will have to hold it up and get it right now! Four stars for your cheese-strangeness! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
