There are two movie experiences I always love. The first saw Star Wars for the first time with his little brother at the age of ten. The third Plexis collides with his good friend Trevor at the end of October 1978 near Halloween in second place. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and frightened. Everyone knows this story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister Halloween in 1963. He escapes the mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to destroy again. He marks Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy parent who enjoys taking care of a baby, and starts to chase him. His solemn friends across the street are killed one by one when Michael puts his land in his hand. Ironically, the young boy he tends to Halloween fears "Boogeman" and sees him outside. During the murder charge, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works to find Michael before he releases his rage. He has no evidence, no evidence, just a wolf he has to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). When the plot opens, you will have an exciting film rather than an inexpensive thrill. Once said Alfred Hitchcock: "You can have four men on board playing cards and they don't know there's a bomb and it's going to go down. It's a cheap thrill. "Director John Carpenter takes this advice to Halloween. The audience sees his flashy pictures, watching and pursuing his victims. We worry. Does he kill him? When will he kill? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses tension instead of special effects that usually highlight. There is little blood in this film, but it still gives good fears. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob from the ground. He returns the knife when it throws out the moonlight, then he drives it. All you hear is pick, then viewers can see that Bob's feet are falling alive. Carpenter was the first to use the scene of the murder scene. It also increases our audience. What is he doing? What's going on in her mind? Finally, Carpenter's ghostly masterful score adds tension. What's more, writing a tandem screen with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the symbols we care about. Teenagers are not a "party crazy", but just going through the teenage wasteland to rebellious angst. Finally, in this "B" low budget, there is some good action on the thriller. Nick Castle, who plays "shape" (Michael), adds something to the useless killer. It's cold, ruthless and without pathology. What's more, personality does everything the same way. He only kills in trap or trap. He divides the victims. It also relies on brutal strength. And this used mask (bleached William Shatner mask) gives the impression of something that has no soul or emotion. Although Pleasance is melodramatic in the monologues of his bodies, he comes over when someone is afraid, desperate and decides. It made me wonder if he represents the fading effort of modernism to explain evil. However, Kroonkär is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. He plays Laurie's character when someone is afraid, but also decisive and strong who fights back. The end is what left me speechless. It was the first concept of an indestructible serum killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage of being able to enjoy it several times. Halloween and other scary films have no such advantage. So if we could erase our minds for the first time, we'll see a movie that will be fresh and new, I'd choose a movie for Halloween.
