As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's classic 1978 is one of the first two films I remember and is heavily influenced (the other is the classic Conan Barbarane). It really frightened me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I finally made friends (imaginary friend) to keep him from killing during my sleep. It is now a 10-year terror. <br /> <br /> This is a horror class, and I'm sure my modest review won't do it for the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing is that the film still works, perhaps not in the gutural reaction, but rather in the cognitive or directly subconscious. All this can happen. It is not impossible or located in a foreign country (like the most modern horror, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it is graphic, the rest is under our imagination. I believe this is the element that keeps people afraid or at least cautious when going out at night when the signature strip is still alive with its head. It still works because we can replace the indirect or tertiary killing with something more terrifying that our mind can create. So we contribute to our fears and anxiety. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about a daily, middle-class, suburban and relatively benign child who clicks on Halloween and kills his sister. Then, in the next 15 years, he will spend only an institution (which we were fortunate enough) to escape and return to his home town, the infamous Haddonfield. On his way, he kills and kills. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although he is not a human. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor for the safety of middle-class suburbs. In the American bastion of safety and security, chaos can still be defeated. <br /> <br /> Michael ceased to be a person when he died. He is not a sequential killer, a human being, nor a psychopath. He is the same unstoppable force. General overalls, a bleached white Shatner mask, and the absence of any other dialogue than any breathing, will help the Michael generation dehumanize and end. It is the source of all his power. He is a face, speechless and unnoticeable in any way other than a source of failed chaos. This is helped by the lack of cinematography (postcard effect), information / motivation / explanation and the narrative experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis) veterans. His top performance and anxiety sells "shape". This is also the first movie Jamie Lee Curtis, who is Laurie Strode, an innocent girl who prevents chaos in terms of overweight (at least a bit). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first niche of the movie (Black Christmas came out four years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish during the review. If you haven't been intimidated by movies for a long time (like me), it's likely that the hairs on the back of your head will change the first chords of the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie, as you must see a horror film and one of John Carpenter's careers.
