I have to admit that this is one of my favorite horror films of my time. The unique way that John Carpenter has directed this picture by opening the door to so many occasions, it cools you into poetry, whether it's your first time watching it or your fifties. This sound, Michael Meyer's horror, and Jamie Lee Curtis' infamous scream gives you the momentary culture of this film and a great start to an independent era. I love music, I love characters, familiar with the horrible environment, the simplicity of the caber and its casual chaos. In this first film there is really no rhyme or reason to kill, giving us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he crazy, or in some way just a very brilliant beast? This question can never really be answered, but Carpenter gives us our 100% and more commitment to this amazing masterpiece. John Carpenter is a master of horror. Although lately his films have not been the caliber they were once (see Mars' spirits), Halloween began his career. This is his final film. While he was freeing other worshipers, I always remember it as a movie that made me turn on all the lights, be careful during childbirth and check behind closed doors because you never knew where the next evil was. Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you to the world where he weaves. With the power of his camera, he places those Meyers pictures in places where you least expect, while giving a sense of murder next to you. I loved every scene where we drove back and where Michael was, looking far away without anyone wiser. It was scary, but completely brilliant. I loved scenes where Carpenter pulled your fear out of the air. There you would be, with your own business in mind, when suddenly a terrible mask appears somewhere. Like the characters, you thought it was just an eye trick, but that's where Carpenter gets you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human (or at least we think), but he has a stronger spiritual ability than most of the main characters. This brings some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism, but even without it, it is a horrible film. <br /> <br /> Then, if you just aren't enough of Michael just steaming your house windows, Carpenter adds that the theme is chilling music. I still have the idea that tapping the piano keyboard in my mind constantly wondered if Meyers would look at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual fears and cool sounds to predict what will happen to our unsuspecting victims. It is deadly and it is done with refreshing originality and more unique excitement than all those released by today's Horror Hollywood can come together. Carpenter Halloween is in the midst of a fresh air breath that can be a harsh horror year, with real fears replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that quality is not the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the murder of this movie is terrible and cool. Using the "Clown" mask shed my back. How it was filmed with this elongated one shot using a child's mask, as if it were our own eyes, is still one of the best horror discoveries! It determines the rest of this movie. You have a babysitter theme, you have childish behavior that carries the whole movie through Michael, and you have all of Carpenter's artistic skills rolled into one. I can literally talk about the film in hours, but I'd rather go see it again. How many times is it worth visiting! In general, I think this is one of the most outstanding films in the history of the film. Leave all those foreign films that think they see the face of the movie, leave it to budget protection for Carpenter and the movie genre. This unique film redefined the entire generation of fear films and has still affected today's horror treatment. The deadly combination of a genuinely horrible murderer, the powerful cinematography of events (which usually does not go into fear films) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis just make Halloween a movie. Of course, Freddy is cool and you know Jason for sympathy, but Michael is real, he is restless and he's in the blood of the babysitters. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Rating: ***** *****
