Halloween is not only the godfather of all movies, but the greatest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created the slowest, horrible and frightening movie with this classic cooler all the time. Michael Myers in such a movie is such a phenomenal monster that he inspired many imitators like Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I got a little hidden, but it just shows you the effect of this movie on the horror movie. No longer has a monster come from the tomb of King Tuti or Dr. From the Frankenstein Laboratory. It can be created in suburbia in cozy small areas. And at night, when he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and viewers would never be the same. This film has many aspects that make it horrible for horror movies. First, it's the device ... it's going to be in a suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify these characters. This is a neighborhood where you feel safe, but when the trouble starts brewing, nobody wants to pull your finger (especially when the heavy breathing madman tries to hug our young heroine). The most frightening night of the year! While most people have carved jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking for some teenie boppers. In addition to the setup, there are some great actors. Jamie Lee Curtis is doing our heroine Laurie Strode, a good-two-shoes high school who will never be able to find a date. But this is Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His imagination of a good doctor who knows just what type of evil lies behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels compelled to send him to hell forever is a legend of horror. But this is a synthesizer score that really drives this picture because it almost seems to bring the viewer's movie. Once you've heard it, you'll never forget it. I also like the grainy feeling of this picture. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of every movie, giving us all the details of a monster we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never lets Michael Myers look full. He always seems like part of the shadows and I think it makes him so frightening. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible when he spies on young teens (unknown to them) that adds to his embarrassment. If you think a wacko can look at you right now and you don't even know it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for our horror fans) when they find Michael, he is not looking for candy this Halloween night. They're looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers himself is a key element in the effectiveness of this film. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes her look like a killer who never stops. He is a bogeyman who haunts you for the rest of your life. So, if you haven't seen this movie (if there's still some roads that aren't or aren't there), grab some popcorns, turn off every light, put it on an old DVD and watch the fear. Candy or bomb!
