I've just gone through a stage where I wanted to see why the 90's horror movies can't hold the candles of the 70's and 80's horror movies. I have been very public in this forum as films like Haunting and Urban Legend and such. I feel they (and the like) don't know what a real horror is. And it plagued me as soon as it made me go to my local video store and rent some classic horror movies. I already have all Friday so I rented Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm street, jaws, exorist, angel heart, exorist and halloween. Now the other films are classic in themselves, but here I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween is doing, maybe there is nothing else in the movie's history of horror film, and that's it uses exquisite techniques, techniques that don't rely on blood and gore, and it uses them to scare the living daylight of you. I was in the room where the lights came down and so stupid as I knew it was, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done it to me. No movie. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low-budget movie and scared the filmmaker generation. He showed that you don't have a budget of 8 or 9 to make the audience afraid. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what really happens, but what happens. What was that shadow? What was that noise up? She knows that these are ways to scare someone, and she uses all the elements of the horror of textbooks I think you can use. I even think he did some of his ideas and they should be the idea people are using today. But they are not. No one uses lighting and details to create fear, they use special effects and blood water. And it's not just the same. You can't scare the giant special effect that makes loud noise and jumps out of the walls. It's the moment a killer somewhere hides, you just don't know where to scare you. And no other movie will succeed at Halloween. <br /> <br /> In 1963, young Micael Myers kills her sister with a great butcher, and then spends her next 15 years in a quietly locked institute. Like Loom (his doctor), Sheriff tells Brackett: "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then seven more to never get out because what I saw behind their eyes was pure e-mail." Mania and the relentless idea of ​​a murderer that no longer has anything he wants. And all he wants is Laurie's killing. No one knows why he wants to kill him, but he does it. (Halloween II continues this story quite well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter has done here has taken a haunting score, the wrong lighting technique, and wrote and directed a tight-paced horror masterpiece. There is one scene to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is on the way to Paul. She goes into the car and tries to open it. Only then will he realize that he has left his keys from the house. He gets them, comes back and unintentionally opens the car door without using the keys. Audience asks about it, but it is not. He's too busy with Paul. When he is sitting, he notices that the windows are foggy. He is overwhelmed and starts to sweep the fog and then Myers strikes upside down. It is such a big scene because it pays attention to detail. We know what's going on and Annie doesn't. But this is a wise observation that Carpenter did to scare film visitors in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses the blurry pictures of a killer in the background, sliding shadows along the wall, dark spaces, horrible music, Donald Pleasance's strangely buggy story, and a threatening, relentless killer. My advice to filmmakers of our day and age is learning Halloween. It should be a blue print on this scary movie. After all, Carpenter followed Hitchcock's steps, perhaps the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween personalizes everything that scares us. If you're tired of all the nonsense fears that don't feel the difference between evil and brightness, Halloween is a movie that should be seen. It won't let you down. I like being scared, I don't know why, but I do. But in the 90's, I haven't been scared of anything except perhaps one movie (Wes Craven's Final Nightmare). If you enjoy being scared, then Halloween is what you should see. And once you've seen it a hundred times, look at it again, back to the movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend has attracted you to the real faces of the movie. Halloween has a frozen fear, stuck on your seat, you don't want to move. Now tell me what kind of horror film you would look at? <br /> <br /> And just after seeing the Zombie version, you have to appreciate it much more. This is a classic definition. Zombie beat his version, but it does not take its shine.
