Fire and ice tracking for the first time reminded me of last year's 300 experience. It wasn't a bad film at all, certainly not average, but its drawing and dialogue remained the best of the usual and worst confusing and one-dimensional (which might have been the right decision to rely on Frank Miller's comic book). But its main strengths led to intense action and bloody battles and its 14-year-old cognition, looking at men fighting in a bloody sword-led fight, with a random pointless creature or super-hot to go with the scenic surroundings. Although I would think Fire and Ice again before the 300s, they both created a similar feeling - the exception is that Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and countless paper books and comics, has collaborated with director Ralph for Bakshi, which is not a typical Hollywood price. , but something for hard fans. <br /> <br /> What does it mean for viewers who come back today to watch the movie for the first time (it may now be wanted) for young people to watch nostalgia and watch them back with their Universe VHS tapes a day) what has been mentioned before and maybe you see something unique. Fire and ice is not even the only Bakshi rotoscoped function, but it is probably the most liquid - if not my very own favorite - of the few that he did, and he and his team create a whole glorious world that is part of the historical part of this world is fantastic and the medieval part and all touched the hands of the painters with the background, sky and areas. Bakshi fans have some lack of character design; Bakshi went so far as to say it's more Frazetta than her. This may be true, but it does not make it more eye-catching or curious at those moments where we don't see people who have moved fast or slow (my favorite was the instant skeleton guide) rotoscoped that amazes me). <br /> <br /> I forget to describe the plot, as it defeats the purpose of its recommendation. If you are difficult because of this approach to style and animation, then the test piece depends on the extent to which two warrior factions or "girls" or princess are in danger or the hero has to prove itself, it is enough to say it is about, well, fire against ice, characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest man in the batch and the most comic book look) and Teegra (a typical hottie who is almost * a perfect adolescent fantasy figure). What the plot does as a matter of fact is that there are a number of rocks and alternating bits in action, the danger of moving in the opposite direction in a big battle, as when the ogres chase after Teegra and have to fight with unexpected monsters and creatures that open up from tree strains and lakes . And as usual for Bakshi, he creates some madness (if not quite his usual inspired embarrassment) in the midst of this simple fantasy material. Once you've seen wizards, you understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So if you are an animation buffer, look for it for some old school right away. In the 1980s) and incredible design. For all, it is ... good, not big, as I would say in my logical expansion of the 21st century, some changes, 300.
