It rejoiced at the audience at several film festivals and it is not hard to see why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of three very important actors, Xu Zhu as father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as an older son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as an irreplaceable and lovable younger son, Er Ming, spins a story that warms the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a man who takes a shower in the middle of an automated cab. Beijing. He puts the money in the socket, opens the door, takes off the clothes and puts some of them on the conveyor belt to be cleaned, takes a shower and cleans it with brushes and water and soap as if it were a car wash. It's a symbolic future, and the old sauna we see on the next scene is the past. Agricultural China is giving way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Hanging a Cultural Revolution? Industrialization blues? Not possible. Here we have the celebration of the people and their kindness and love for each other, the celebration of goodness in the hearts of the people. But I don't know how the Chinese government is watching this movie. On the one hand, this clearly represents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly non-political without expressing or indirectly criticizing the current regime. However, there is some feeling that good old ways are replaced with something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just allow it. Tell the story of old men in the sauna where they rub back and massage, where they talk about high stories and resemble good old days where they can relax and play chinese chess and cricket, where Master is spy and wise man and his assistant is his son who can be slowed or autistic, but who does his job in the spirit of joy and infectious fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Return to your older son, Da Ming, who is polished, groomed and silent. She is uncomfortable with what she sees under the complicated behavior of her father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie and his suitcase, mobile phone and education. He's only come back because he thought his father died. If he sees that this is not true, he will pack his bags and return to his wife and career. But then there will be a crisis, and Da Ming sees in this crisis that the value is natural, human-centered in the life of his father and his brother. So Yang Zhang matches old and new, and does it so charmingly that I'm not against it, especially since his style is so pure and so carefully expressed. One of the beautiful things he does not know in most movies is how he matches the subplots inside a larger story, so that they are resolved before the end of the picture. Regular, who sings in the "O unique self" bath when the water showers under him, much of Er Ming's joy, finds that he can't staged publicly because of the production. At the end of the movie, she loses her performance and sings thanks to some of Er Ming's inspired help. And a regular bath that loses his wife because he tells the story to Master Liu before he recognizes the real cause. But Liu understands and again before the end of the film, the husband and wife agree. in adults. Some happy endings are so designed that they not only interfere with their clothes but with their audience. And some are so blatant that the audience is offended. Here, the audience is delightful. <br /> <br /> Look at this especially with Wu Jian's comic presentation, whose warm effervescence outweighs all his character deficiencies.
