I saw it in the movie theater when she came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to the state of Arizona and really enjoyed finding places where I spent so much time. At the same time, I remember the success of Barbara's venture capital (in fact, the R and B ears). I was never a fan of Krise's singing until he made the last effort for New West. As a songwriter and actor, however, he has serious pieces, IMHO. I think it's a good romance. I like it better than the version of Judy Garland and never saw the original of Selznick Janet Gaynor. <br /> <br /> I believe they made some changes in this long-awaited DVD edition. Among other things, I recall a helicopter image that shows that Sun Devil Stadium is packed longer and more dramatically. I wish they had done a better job of writing music to disallow Kris or God, putting some of his original songs there. <br /> <br /> On this line, I have information from the primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. Interviewing Rocking the Boat, his new music documentary, a musical conversation and journey, I interviewed many among Stephen Bruton, a fine singer / songwriter / guitarist who has close professional and personal ties with Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton. others. Stephen was "Speedway," John Norman's character in the band. Kris had a real hard time that essentially made a pop score that could pass the rock. Stephen was and is Krise's friend and longtime band. The set was tense and at one point the band started to bark at Kris while in Barbaris. He noted that the band should not talk to him like that. Kris immediately returned that they were her friends and they were ROW and Roll! Finally, Barbara came around and decided to use Krise's live performances in the movie and placed Stephen in the role of doing things. Listening to this story, I got even more respect as an artist. Much has been made of him as God. What he is is a pro. And I'm not gay. Not that there's something wrong with it.
