The third version of A STAR IS BORN's screen has always been divided by critics and fans during its initial release (this was the second largest film of 1976). The film, which is open to badly negative reviews, went over $ 150 million in a $ 5.6 million ticket office and won the Academy Award and five gold globes. It is not ironic that Streisand's most commercially successful film would remain his most controversial. For every ten fans who claim STAR is Streisand's best film, there are always ten more people who claim to be the weakest film in his filmography. Although both sides have some values ​​to support their claims, it should be noted that in the 1970s, A STAR IS BORN continues to be one of the most touching and fun showbios that Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, this is the best version of the most frequently talked about story. <br /> <br /> Film is very enjoyable and absorbable. Making the setup from the old Hollywood studio system a competitive world for the music industry was actually a great idea, and the scenario creates a real contrast between the characters' romance and career. This is the main area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually transcends its classic predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful when depicting cunning and professional difficulties during recording phases and endless phone calls that interrupt the writing of Kristofferson's song. This story is also more plausible in depicting its guides. For example, female leaders of the two previous versions were so powerful and sacrificing that they came as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female leader of this version, is not only strong and passionate, but also faulty and controversial. It makes him feel more "real" than the characters of Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland that felt in former films, and makes this story much more effective. <br /> <br /> Performances are all targets, even though some supportive characters are not accurate enough. If you are looking for an actor / singer who can walk between a hard and vulnerable line without looking like a script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. He is one of the few movie stars who can even feel the most banal, fresh and natural, and as usual he has a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, his Ester is a fully realized, three-dimensional person. Kris Kristofferson may not have a lot of respect for his honor now, but he is always interesting to look at and display here the magnetic charisma he rarely displays elsewhere during his career. Indeed, Kristofferson got the new outrageous Pauline Kaeli from NEWSWEEK, TIME and even NEW YORKER. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but both have a relatively minimal screen time. <br /> <br /> The movie's soundtrack recording was also a huge success, hit # 1 on Billboard Hot 200 and sold just four million copies in the US. Streisand's "Evergreen" (with Paul Williams' songs) is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs of modern pop, which brings Streisand's totally unequal vocal position. The rest of the movie's original songs (mostly composed of Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also pretty good and Streisand sounds fantastic - his live solo numbers remain in memory long after the remainder of the movie disappears. Streisand's lively performances bring "Woman In The Moon" and "One More Look At You" to an exciting life and even make herringers like "Queen Bee" much better than they are right. However, the Kristofferson solo numbers sound somewhat silent, which can be deliberate because he plays with the singer in a downfall. <br /> <br /> Although it is, of course, in some ways everyday (it certainly reflects the decade in which it was made), the Seventies still take A STAR IS BORN very well. The film is well-assembled and slickly produced, the chemistry between the leaders is extremely powerful and always seems genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the finals that are both painful. In conclusion, STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining or mobile, but also goes beyond criticism.
