Thirty years after it was first released, A Star Is Born finally comes to the third version of the DVD package, which should appeal to Barbra Streisand's most dedicated fans. This would include me because I saw him in one song, among other things, the feminist anthem of the 1976 film "Woman Moon. A simple layoff, a career-polarizing story of the film is a strong bunch of Hollywood-style clichés, variations of which exist in other films, including Streisand's own funny girl. This time, he was reset to a contemporary music scene, the timeless plot follows a self-defeating rock star John Norman Howard with his deep diving career as he meets the club singer Esther Hoffman, who is waiting for his big break. <br /> <br /> Problems peel off their sense of duty from the beginning, as John Norman (both names please) responds to fans and bloodless DJs who have occasional acts of violence (which he inexplicably gets to charge). For John Norman, Esther represents his last successful stroke, which in turn shrinks to the essentially decent and creative musician under the facade. In the most important scene of the film, he gives Ester a big concert where his career and his career start. Inevitably, he will not be able to deal with the failure of his career in the light of his meteoric success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you will know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (although Streisand's outstanding directors' talents are obviously visible), the film can still be drawn, although I know it is shamelessly lively and manipulative. Despite her numerous mistakes, she still has some emotional resonance. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand is the ideal choice for playing a rising song star in his main example, his screen person is just too strong and previously Esther to play reliably. The same can be said about his style, because the script seems to be a softer adult with a contemporary oriented material that has to be received by the arena stone in a otherwise hardened world. From that moment, when he opens his head in the middle of Oreos, he can't help but have come across a created star. I can simply forgive forgiveness simply because he is an incomparable vocal, but what becomes less forgiving is how he makes Esther more prominent when John Norman's woes become immense. This creates a strange dynamic dynamic in the last part of the film when it changes less than what caused the climatic event, as Esther's response to it. This is limited by the uninterrupted eight-minute proximity to his memorial exhibition - great, unless he replicates the end of John Norman's style. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, provides an excellent performance collection, managing the level of honesty that underpins the film and makes it understandable to its simultaneous love, pride and resentment toward Esther. He is breaking his vodka-soaked stage in this context. Otherwise, what is always strange in this version is how all the supporting characters have been relocated to the background, as if they existed, unless they interacted with two principals. The only ones who register are Paul Mazursky, Brian and Gary Busey, head of John Norman, as his cynical band leader Bobbie. Robert Surtees, a veteran cameraman, offers a cinematic cinematic burn, although the print retains its graininess. Great seller of his day, the soundtrack has different styles of hodgepodge since the 1970s - some songs are still quite good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Watch Closely Now"), some who have moved to the kitch ("Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins "I believe in love") and of course the inevitable "Evergreen". <br /> <br /> The 2006 DVD has a clean print and a crisp sound thanks to the digital tone. remastering. Streisand's participation is the main lure that begins with his full-length commentary. He gives an overview of the film's production, casting and allegedly worrying production. He is also refreshingly sincere with Jon Peters, his hairdresser boy who became a film producer, megalomania and his dissatisfaction with Pierson. I just want him to be able to submit more scene-based comments that are directly related to what's on the screen. He tends to repeat the same anecdote as the mood hits him, for example, it is tiring to hear for the third time how Peter's friend was the driver. I think the other commentator could have taken out other clothes from him. <br /> <br /> There's a wardrobe test roll that shows some fun clothes from the 1970s, especially the ponchot and orange polyester shirt from Kristofferson. The optional annotation commentary also includes 12 deleted scenes. One of them is the comic bread-baking scene that reminded me of how much I like Streisand in pharmaceutical comedies. The second is an extended scene where he plays on the guitar "Evergreen", which is astonished by Kristofferson, who then sleeps. The most interesting thing is to take a musical finale alternating with the quick cuts that I agree with Streisand. Suitably, theater tools are included for all three "A Star Is Born" versions.
