Don't do me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series had fallen on the FPS rout. Enter "All or Something" that puts Bond on a third party. When I wrote my earlier review of "From Russia with Love," I had finished FRWL and just started EON and decided to get a little bit hard on the EON. Although FRWL is definitely a nostalgia edge and capturing the essence of the film's franchise, EON is definitely more comprehensive in terms of controls and variety of games. The missions range from standard driving and landing to SUV, driving to Aston Martin, limousine control for explosion, two different GoldenEye tanks, motorcycle riding, helicopter driving, helicopter flying on a shield protected by laser beams, and falling free after falling. Of course, the vehicle's controls are a bit clumsy, but the problem here is the variety. <br /> <br /> Because movie adjustments, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I was hoping for. But the original story of EON adds lessons to James Bond's adventure management. The impressive list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum, and Misak will contribute to this. Judi Dench and John Cleese, respectively, reproduce their film missions from M and Q, and Pierce Brosnan, but none from Sean Connery, adds credibility to the game procedures. All the characters are similar to the characters, the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, who is in the game model, does not make the real model fair. Mya's song is equal to at least some big-screen Bond titles. <br /> <br /> The game also plays a respect for some older Bond movie. Willem DeFoe's character is former colleague Christopher Walken's baddie, who is "A View to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears as jaws, "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" from three struggle scenes, the first and the best progressing in the same way, a fight in the movies. <br /> <br /> The single-player gameplay consists mainly of regular walking missions like Bond. Like Bond, you can choose to use stealth or delete weapons. The game offers many possibilities for hidden use, plenty of wall and object cover. Unfortunately, unlike the FRWL, only one EON button controls both bending and wall clamping so that Bond can reach low when it should be around the corner and vice versa. The game also allows players to go to Bond Reflex mode. While browsing your inventory, everything goes around you, allowing you to analyze the objects around you that you can interact with. Although it will take some time to get used to, this mode will eventually make a number of great "bond moments", such as a chandelier stroke to take down four goons, and will greatly enhance Bond's film feel. There are 3 levels of difficulty available: Operative, Agent and Double Oh. You can breathe in after a few hours at an operational time. It is Agent, a few weeks. There's Double Oh, a few months. You can change the difficulty level for each individual mission. Reaching high results on missions opens up gold and platinum awards and impact features such as vehicle innovations and nervous outfits that Bond girls wear. Some missions may be extremely depressing due to the lack of checkpoints, but when all is said and done, no mission is longer than one operating model in the Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, multiple players are not so exciting. GoldenEye still has the best Bond game with multi-player mode. EON's main multi-player is a cooperative campaign mode that puts fewer players in charge of MI6 as a less important mission than Bond. This mode can be used to open a more customary third-party death match. But one-player mode is still the most complete Bond experience. The end, like most Bond games, is anticlimactic. Although the last mission is one of the most difficult, the final confrontation with the offender is disappointing. Also, the levels that require Bond to be fast would become much of a challenge and a mistake. However, for any serious bond fans, playing this game is not equal to the disappearance of one Bond movie.
