I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire, and Almost Famous (I wasn't so big on Singles), so it's safe to say I'm looking forward to something Cameron Crowe attributes. I went to see that Vanilla Sky was told that it was a very strange movie and that I probably wouldn't like it when I look forward to something like Crowe's other movies. Having just seen it, let me say that the first was right and the latter could not be wrong. This is a very strange movie and nothing really comes to an end. Anyone who tells you that they saw it when they arrive at the movie is either for you or unable to remove it from their memory afterwards. Anyway, it was a movie with letters and I'm looking forward to it as soon as the DVD is released. I was moving the film and finally felt emotionally spent. This is an experience that draws the spectator from the whole spectrum of human emotion when the viewer allows himself to plot. In the theater where I saw the film, there were more than a few people who clearly disappeared from the movie and were bored with it when they found that they couldn't come back to the plot. I'm sure others will not be able to properly track such a movie. I do not mean it is pompous, but some people are more cut off for Seagale, Chan, Van Damme movie genre, and these are types that probably don't enjoy the movie. It's a brain, so make sure you're ready for a two-hour spiritual bender, and a lot of thought after that. <br /> <br /> Comparing this movie to other Crowe movies, it is very similar in at least one part, and in all Crowe films, the soundtrack is inherent in itself. This is almost certainly due to Crowe's long-standing ties to music, like anyone who has seen Almost Famous, and his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson. It is also worth noting that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's behavior and Crowe's management, which made the film familiar to anyone who has seen Jerry Maguiret. In my opinion, this is not bad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I had to compare this movie to any other movie, I would say: if you liked David Fincher, you'll almost certainly be a Vanilla Sky fan.
