How strange is the human mind; the place where the realities are formed and maintained, and where one world view depends on the fine tuning of the brain, the most delicate and complicated process in the sensory process of all things. And how much do we really know about its internal functioning, its depth or power? What's in mind that allows us to differentiate between reality and dream? Or can we? Maybe our reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, like watching Monet's painting, where his vision of the vanilla sky becomes our reality. This is a concept that filmmaker Cameron Crowe will visit with his great imagination and consciousness-changing movie "Vanilla Sky" featuring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. For thirty-three years, David Aames (Cruise) comes from the publishing empire left by his father. His fifty-one-percent controlling stake, however, has made him a tagged man, as his board has seven members and everyone considers himself more valuable than the biggest part of the young Mr. Aames company. And dissatisfaction with the burning of fires is their understanding that David has no focus on what the job requires. <br /> <br /> True, David likes to play; yet, he controls the company and does what he deems fit, whether the board (he refers to them as the "seven dwarfs") likes him or her and has never had the courage to challenge him directly. But during an honorable birthday party, one of the company's lawyers, Thomas Tipp, warns David that these seven are behind. Time, but it's the last thing in David's mind; he has had an ordinary thing with his friend Julie Gian (Cameron Diaz), but even it moves back to the burner when he meets his wife in his party so he doesn't get out of his mind. His name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz) and after he has only known him for one night, he becomes a central part of his life - which is soon reversed, because in the morning his party decides to change his life forever. And he begins to learn that sometimes he just won't go back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has crafted and given much more than just another movie; much more than a movie, "Vanilla Sky" is a realized vision. From the first images appearing on the screen, he visually displays stunning effects that are both visually and temporarily. It is a mystery of revenge that swallows you and wipes you away; emotionally, it's fast - and it may leave you exhausted because it requires some effort to stay there. But it's worth it. Think of "Memento" with a lane n 'roll with a soundtrack and a lively paint attack made by an impressionist brush. There is darkness and light, and this pound and ride sounds until you feel the blood rushing through the veins and stabbing your brain. And everyone was playing through the virtual reality landscape that shook it under the ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, it's a real trip; it's exciting ... and it's a desperate. <br /> <br /> For the performances here, those who do not miss Tom Cruise as Maverick's Thought Guns or Ethan Hunt's "Impossible Mission" or those who perceive him as a "movie star" as an actor have to think again about their work. Because, like David Aames, Cruise gives the best result of his career, it should check for doubts about his ability to act on the door. In recent years, she has made some interesting career choices, such as "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut", but warming up the very real and complex nature she creates here. And give him credit to take on a role that dispels the feeling of all vanity; it's a cruise, as you haven't seen her before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him the Oscar nomination and should also be admiration and praise of his peers. Cruise is not good in this movie, it is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz also turns to an outstanding, if not extraordinary, performance, like Sofia, the dream woman of David. There is a tempting innocence that he brings to a role that works well for his character and makes him future and accessible, but he has no hint of mystery that could have been added to this special "something extra". But Crowe knows how to make her actresses the best, and she did it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is completely alive in Julie's role. She has never seen a better and quite sizzles on the screen. But don't make a mistake, it's not a "window-dress" part, and Diaz offers a complete package of its nature. The quality of his work can actually be measured in his relatively limited time. And this is the person who fully integrates his innate beauty, making Julie so unforgettable. All in all, Diaz is a terrible job. <br /> <br /> Supported by Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (LE) Man), Jean Carol (Female in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About half way, it can be questionable in terms of your own reality; Be sure that everything Vanilla Sky ends up with. It is a reality-press to be sure and wild; but it is an exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying - and unique - experience you have to believe. It is an important and absolute magic of films. 10/10. <br /> <br />
