In an effort to finance the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures asked many popular actors from the current genre and put them into this effort that (realistically) is far from being good. With this, it's still worth everyone's time and it's a lot of fun to watch and I think it's better than most of what should go through the horror nowadays! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies are completely drained and suspicious of blood. Burger-maker Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) calls "It's Vampires", but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's crazy, who's responsible and promises to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Burgermeister and most of the townspeople think that the local cake Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye), who loves bats and often talks to them, is what they are they are looking for and they are pursuing him until his death becomes a cave. Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) is responsible for killing, who has created a new tissue mass that feeds the blood and achieves it by having some control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out to collect blood at night. Dr. Otto has a real assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and a tedious aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he is doing, but Karl will finally be suspicious when one murder occurs after Herman's death. br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never mixed with James Whale, but he was a pretty competent director who led most of the "Blondie" films in this series and uses the same set of "Old Dark House" that was also filmed in Universal. I am the first to admit that this film is at times cumbersome, but it is practically impossible to resist a movie that is cast like Frye, who does his Renfield role only when he kindly bats and strikes them and keeps them in your pocket for safe storage! One thing that just doesn't make sense is that the mind control that Dr. Otto owns Emil, because the film never explains it, and I had a strong feeling that it was a button on the "Dr Caligari Cabinet", but on the other hand it is probably the weakest part of the script. There are still some tidbits I noticed, including Frye's chase in the big caves, which is obviously the infamous Bronson Canyon's early shoot, where many other films have been made, as well as Wray's brown hair, which is his true color. True horror fans appreciate it more than others, but I think it's a fun movie to watch for everyone and as attractive as it is worth.
