In my opinion, this is the most underestimated masterpiece of all time, its thinking provocative, funny and sad with amazing performances everywhere! All the characters are wonderful and the story is just great! And Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just amazing at this! The end is very powerful, but I don't break it for you, and I thought the character was top-notch! In addition, you can really associate with all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, because you are rooted in them, plus I loved how it moved slowly, and gave you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and what is there. I can't believe it has only a 5.9 rating because I think it should be much bigger and it was funny to see Randy Quaid in that role, and it is also very well written and done! One of the scenes that came to me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was completely embarrassed by her mother, and the film had many amazing moments! In addition, dialogue is particularly good. It is the most underestimated masterpiece of all time (in my opinion), his thinking provocative, funny and sad with amazing performances around, and I say go now! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne is doing a fantastic job here with a fantastic camera work and keeping the movie at a very challenging pace! Action is amazing! Jodie Foster is really cute and amazing as always! She was a very pleasant, caring, lovable character, was in some scenes intense, focused, and she and Cherie Currie were at the center of the movie Jeanie and Annie! (Foster rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is so hot and here is amazing, I felt very sorry for her character because she had a very nice character that just needed help, she gives a powerful performance and created a very memorable character. Scott Baio is great because Brad was really nice and did his job well, I liked it. Randy Quaid, in her serious role, is surprising that she liked it. Sally Kellerman is great because she liked her a lot. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good, like Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they had to do, like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here because it was nice to see her, not much of it. The rest is good. Generally go now, it's an underestimated masterpiece!. ***** out of 5
