In principle, the same movie as "House of Wax" - Vincent Price's first real fear published last year - but seriously, who cares because "The Mad Magician" offers just as much excitement, joyful periodicals, cheerful 3- D effects , top performances and spooky horror games as its predecessor! "Never change winning teams" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur has to think when he put Price's character under Don Gallico. Don Gallico begins to present his first illusionist exhibition as Gallico Great and intends to show the greatest magical trick in history; titled "Girl and Buzz Saw". Gallico's promising solo development is being destroyed sharply before it begins, when his previous employer, Ross Ormond, appears on the stage and hits his contract under his nose, noting that all Gallico's inventions are legitimate assets of the company. Shameless and relentless, Ormond, who otherwise put Gallic on a beloved woman, pulls hell to see tricks and program it at Gallico's rival The Great Rinald. Inevitably Gallico clicks and sadistly butchers Ormond, but ?? is also to hide masters? restores the reputation of its victim and even leads a double life. "The Mad Magician" is a fun and thoroughly modest 50-year horror movie in the style of the Grand Guignol, with a lot of unlikely plot twists (a homeowner turns out to be a brilliant criminal writer?) And a handful of fantastically grotesque gross excerpts (though obviously they are mostly recommended). The 3-D joy near the start of the movie, like a yo-yo player and a cozy trick with water fountains, is just a time filler and a 50-year-old leap, but it's still fun to watch even now and without tools to see them correctly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting periodically, as events take place at a time when fingerprints began to be used as evidence, and Alice Prentiss is a typical reference to the authors of the famous crimes of this era. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the absolute most important element of triumph in this film, but also of almost all the other horror films that this legendary person once celebrated. As no other actor could ever perform, the Price depicts a tortured protagonist who gradually falls and goes on spiritual madness in such indescribably incredible. Unfortunately, Don Gallico, but at the same time you are afraid of him enormously. You support his hostile countermeasures and at the same time you realize that his murderous rampage must end with death. Vincent Price was just a genius actor and an incarnation of the genre of fear in my humble opinion.
