BETWEEN THE BETTER LETTER Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Instructor: Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between the two worlds, one of the presumed sin and one presumed redemption? Especially when that person finally fell into the personality disorder that has been shared in recent years, as if he were showing his own point. If you're a director Mary Harron, you don't want to show how big a CAUSE is. You promise that the character will be pushed back and forth between the healing forgiveness of God and the power of the Church and the seductive illusion of control and dominance offered to the site during the online model. In this way, the audience is offered a complex character, driven by the desire to leave their difficult past with naive enjoyment for the lust of others and the struggle to combine their image with God. Come on the right time, it's no longer important how many eyes are with him, because there is only one pair that counts. <br /> <br /> Photographs were mostly black and white (with some unnecessary color breaks). BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy that makes the movie an enjoyable experience and also one that amuses people to believe in pornography corruption. But the gentle hand of the director seems much more in despair. Harron is a sensitive, attentive director who does not let Lehe's numerous and devastating abuses to his viewer. Instead, he surprisingly promises Gretchen Moll, who plays the role of title, to face his seer with his character's pain, exhaustion is his cry and shame on his skin. Considering that most managers, perhaps the most male directors, would be very important to show the heroine in painful positions to pull the link between the types of atrocities imposed upon him and where his life was received by him, Harron has too much sympathy for his character, his actor and audience. She learns to trust people again about insecurity and because more and more photographers love her image, the more she loves her admiration and the control she looks at. By the time his cross crosses the soft core of the S & M area, he has found a way to combine him to be respected for all his life's accustomed objectivity. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who is waiting for control over her life and destiny, but finally she is talking about where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When he finally realizes that none of his choices are his own choices, he decides to embrace God and declare his word to those who listen to it. The real sadness of this most important decision is that he gives someone else's blind control; he just has more faith that this direction is better for his soul.
