Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (former girlfriend's former singer, Runaways during her remarkably capable debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are equally believing, excellent and touching like a quartet who is tense-cancer-ridden, fiercely loyal adolescent girls who are careless , a careless, self-absorbing parent who does everything in his power to grow and repel himself in the rich San Fernando Valley, a suburb of California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, dedication and others when they are young, unless they are fully prepared to fully accept the potentially harmful consequences of these decisions. Foster, giving one of his most perceived, influential and undervalued performances, is basically the mother of the group who directs the well-being of both himself and others; he is particularly concerned about the cheerful but reckless and destructive currie whose carelessly hedonistic lifestyle is likely to make him premature. <br /> <br /> This image provides a cozy, sensible, often devastatingly reliable and thoroughly absorbed breakdown of disturbing, disturbing families that exist directly under the suburbia's well-maintained surface, and the tragic result of such families: tough, durable, but unhappy and vulnerable children who have to face independent trials and misery. parents are either too attentive or even non-existent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction", "Jacob's Ladder") The direction of Lyne is as strong as attentive, while the Gerald Ayres script is somewhat dirty and rambling, but in general it is accurate in its honesty, sharpness and nuisance that shows your average flapper nerve irritation . chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. Leon Bijou's soft, greasy and almost pastoral cinematography shows the sense of peace and innocence that is broken and easy. Giorgio Moroder has made an excellent score, which uses Donna Summer's elegance "Radio" very effectively. Sally Kellerman, who is Foster's neurotic, insecure, dirty mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skateboarder guy, Randy Quaid as Kagan's rich older boy, British 60's pop singer Adam Faith as Foster's unpleasant, missing rock promoter father, and Lois Smith as Kagan's warm mother. In short bits, Robert Romanus (Mike Damon's "Fast Times at Richmont High"), one of Foster's frightening boyfriends and gawky braces, is wearing Laura Dern as an unpleasant traitor. Achingly authentic, gripping and deeply moving (Currie's gloomy ultimate destiny is very heartbreaking), "Foxes" is just one of the most uneven and underestimated teen movies made in the early 80's.
