The film can be a look glass to see the world in a new light. For example, good night and happiness offered parallels to evidence and freedom without modern judgments. It is easier to study the moral problem if it is not very close at home: placing it in a fictional or historical context that will be removed from our immediate situation. In pornography, we consider ourselves to be enlightened and original ideas that hide our forefathers, which usually include fire and sulfur, but the definition of obscene can easily fall into place of evidence rather than ignorance and non-scientific interpretation. Bettie Page was the iconic cult of the era, which included not only McCarthyism, but also a ban on comics (eg Tales from the Crypt) as they turned young people into half-minded juvenile offenders. This film, developed from the key issues raised in his life, creates dilemmas that are as important as in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Our movie opens with two main scenes. In the first we see well-dressed, respectable looking men in the bookstore. One of them is asking for pictures of female kinky boots and holding on to it - then this secret policeman who drives stings. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called a witness, looking pretty empty as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. Old-fashioned film effects, such as napkins and plaques, add to the idea of ​​looking at the relationship between the old-fashioned film, as well as cast, skillfully revived scenes of the 1950s, concurrent slang-phrases and blind dialogues. Archive material is often intertwined - it delights many and irritates others. According to his theme, the film is a collection of almost all kinds of photographic movements, and the clips of the older fabulous beaches and landmarks are side by side with health and nature magazines alongside Bettie's classic. . . although I admit that if the story does not fascinate, you may get a little uncomfortable effect. <br /> <br /> We'll be back soon. Bettie escapes from the years of depression that have fallen into Nashville's life, reviving only the church's song and soul-saving, and doing its own alone. After his initial success, his modeling work is divided into two parts: mainstream glamor work, focusing on his rainbow smile, and "professionals with interest" photos that include high-end boots and lightweight stock. In an earlier performance (reminiscent of the event of Naomi's Watt's character in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), he gives a full-featured performance that contrasts with his usual animation, a joyous (but eventually endless) day-expression. Is his part still outstanding? Bettie is often rejected in auditions when they realize she is a well-known pin-up girl. But we have never been apologized for Bettie's page: his abusive childhood has been quickly abandoned and missed; when he has raped the four hometown sons, we can only see the danger and then the recovery and survival of Bettie by choosing himself as an abandoned woodland and placing a bold face on someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br Although there is no nudity, Bettie is a photo of special interest that will eventually cause problems. When we return to court, evidence of the violation of such photographs is taken as evidence. The psychologist tells the author how these photographs lead to "suicide, murder and psychosis" to those young people who are open to them (probably not in that order). Ultimately, the witness of the star explains how his son's life ended because of such photographs - "being a rabbit like this". It is not clear how "trussed up" causes death). The text that comes with Bettie's photographs tells him how he was forced to endure the "terrible agonists" with fetish constraints (the audience knows he found them amusingly and that the words, like the photos themselves, were pure dramatizations). After 12 hours of waiting, Bettie is told that her evidence - she's one person who can definitely say she's not photographed - is not required. The "horrors" of photos have been proven. <br /> <br /> If it sounds like the dark ages we have left, consider the recent (2003) case where Ann Summers advertising was banned. He said "to fashion and passionate whipping at his local shop," with his wife's back. She wears a bra and a strap and her hands are at her back. A lingerie and sex toy company targeting female consumers (and also supporting charities that support domestic violence) said the purpose of their ads was to "give women sexual confidence and always show women their sexuality control." It can be concluded that Betty Page's prejudices and ignorance still have a currency. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious views are an integral part of the story, just as the concept of sin is inseparable from Christianity and contributes to the "forbidden" nature of sexual pleasure that is often spread in Britain and the US - unlike the factual approach found in continental Europe. . It can be argued that the formulas and "salvation" of sin and salvation are even reflected in mating patterns that maintain the dominance of traditional men. A policeman who makes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom offers "save" from loneliness. A knight-shining armor may be silly, but also requires a woman who needs salvation. <br /> <br /> Love or hate it, Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film and a moral wake-up call for those who follow it. It is a great ensemble actor and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable because the whole movie is successful or falls for its powerful performance.
