He is not Michael Jordan <br /> <br /> Think of all the wonderful NBA players whose career light is dimmed for other good reasons than their date of birth. Their names can fly as easily from the public lips as Russell, Cousy, Byrd, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Wilt, the list goes on; but for Stockton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other big players who have always lost their titles to Michael, the volume has decreased. <br /> <br /> I've seen it written that the Gretchen Mole quarry went outside the 1998 Vanity Fair theme, which predicted Ms Mol to an inevitable superstart. Later it was said that he was over-mortgaged. I disagree. <br /> <br /> I still remember that some time after I saw "Devil's Advocate" in '97 or '98, I'd get confused about what actor Mary Ann Lomax played. Was it Mol or Theron? Oh yes! Charlize Theron was one of the "2 day valleys" and "Mighty Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol was "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrity" and "Rounders". <br /> <br /> By the time I saw the "Thirteenth Floor" (Mol) and "Sweet November" (Theron), I was pretty much drawn out straight but still put them in the same mental file in the drawer. Both were very talented, had sweet faces, similar body types, short blondes and so on. <br /> <br /> However, more work was offered. I loved her as Sara Deever and the beauty of Adele Invergordon was terribly frightening. "Monster" was released in 2003, and since the Oscar handover, all the filmmakers who knew "The Best Actor Award Went. And so served! Theron was Aileen in Wuornos. Repetition of the digital video captured by the head and for the gifted talented people who are physically unlikely to hear! in the shadow of Mrs. Theron, it was like a dance hall for a lost presidential candidate, nobody came and nobody cared. This was seen as a continuation of an old story, when a budding actor with a shrinking career is a part of "B" in the movie. Wrong! Whatever you think of the film (and I enjoy movies about the fifties), if you give it up, you will lose one of the best performances of this year. yeah Bettie, if Ms. Theron was Aileen. Unfortunately, Aileen is more sympathetic to the public. For some reason, an immoral sociopathic killer is less embarrassing to us than a naïve, complicated, unimpeded, religious girl whose majority of the crime of capital was to live her life completely trustworthy and completely open. Bettie Page was one of the icons of the fifties. His photos and movies were never sexual, never pornographic, but he presented kinky as a caricature. There was no reality, only a parody. Moll took the character of the character. He got 20 pounds to add his usual thin form of zaftig and when he put it in the film for different photographers, his body was Bettie. His complete lack of frontal absence is exactly what is published about Bettie. Kinematic nudity is usually represented by eroticism or sexuality. In this movie, everything is innocent. Seeing Gretchen / Bettie naked did not want me to jump him, but wanted to protect him from all the horrors that people cause each other. When you pass on this movie, you will lose one of the best performances of recent years. By the way, shame in MPAA, giving it the R-rating.
