Although The Notorious Bettie Page has worked well and shot, it is at best Bettie's biography of Cliffs Notes. The film focuses mainly on its work with Irving and Paula Klaw, a brother and sister team who produce most of his most famous photographs. It does not describe his life after he has a religious rebirth. Richard Foster's "The Real Bettie Page" is referred to as this source, but it ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and mental hospital imprisonment. The narrow focus of the biography can be discussed, but most Bettie fans and "civilians" are likely to be more interested in the modeling career they are getting. <br /> <br /> The film works well Gretchen Mol reiterated Bettie's appearance and also delivered photos of her photographs. This character is played more naively by the probable by-product of interviews conducted by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photographs but rationalized it as action and costumes. <br /> <br /> Supporting casting is also outstanding, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klawi and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film is characterized by John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie has never met Bettie Page and did not participate in Klaws photo forms. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more exhausted state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of action, the film is a bit disappointing with the depth. The story is pretty tough and we never know we know Bettie really. Like his photos, it's just a picture. It tends to overdo Bettie's fame. Her photographs were mostly viewed in New York and its surroundings, in a very narrow market for underground and cultural publications. His true fame came after his photographs were reprinted at the end of the 70s and 80s, and the cult of Betty Page grew (because his name was usually written). Bettie's greatest exposure (pardon) was in Playboy, which appeared in the January 1955 issue (a Christmas image staged in a reverse movie). <br /> <br /> The film is well done rather than low. It is able to entertain up to the end and introduce many great performances. It hits the high points of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that would have given her a lot more depth. The end is rather let. It looks quite steep. Still, the movie is definitely worth watching for anyone who is interested in Bettie or even time. The soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer into the 1950s. If nothing else, the film is a presentation of America's growing sexuality and a collision with the Puritan past. It's also a look at both men and women.
