I liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like an animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that it makes it less attractive is that we are all trying to compare and not evaluate, but this comic was fantastic, but it didn't like that much. Too many people say that Bruce is so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, somebody in the criminals gets that angry and darker attitude, so it's not a mistake for me. Batgirl was fantastic when he really was there, because Dick Grayson is no more than a robin, batman needs a good teammate, not like a new robin, he's just a kid and you can't trust that kids much. But he didn't succeed: a new piece of art ... it's not terrible, but it doesn't work for me like a batman. It's a dark character, a maniac killer like a joke, so you can't put that kind of art into this comic, joker is not a bad design, but I still like the previous joke (but for me the best joke ever was that who appeared outside of batman: return of fun) so this joker is not so good. It is good for joke that it still celebrates Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (her love for her) They put on her a great episode: Mad love (the best episode of this series for me). At this point we finally know how he turned to Harley Quinn and how he joked about his mind, and feels that in the animated series air, darker, happy ending, brutal fight with the joker (but too short), that's how it was all the series. But in general, I didn't like how he did Harley in this series ... in almost every episode they had fun, but ridiculously, he says pointless, he makes mistakes ... funny so you can laugh with him, not about him ... and here they are made ridiculous (as I said in the only episode where I do not believe it is mad for love and to avoid the climber). good series, it is up and down, pulled could be better (MY GOOD !!! KILL THAT CATWOMAN !!!!) nice sound effects, nice music, nice sounds and nice episodes: my favorites, mad love, jokes millions Old wounds, father sins and cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS, you can watch it, but don't describe it too much, on the other hand, if you weren't looking at TAS, check it out first and then see TAS that you really love TAS: D
