Unless you were there, this film is, unfortunately, beyond your compassion. As I say, it is disgraceful, because while some of the actors are amateur, it is meant to be realistic. Let's face it - in real life, we don't say things exactly or perfectly, even when we think. In this sense, it works. However, this does not apply to our "known" participants in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born natural). The fact that the other 3 girls don't just get a story adds a story - Jodie plays an adhesive that fights to keep her friendship alive, even if she gets a clear sense of death. This means that no matter how close your friends are, there are eventually some people who just disintegrate, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And there's the core of the movie. It does not mean celebration, it does not mean sexuality, but their four girls and their ultimate time when they are still young girls before they have to go to the world alone. <br /> <br /> Your life, you know this movie - it means a lot to you, no matter what time it is set, or when you grew up. We all knew these girls at school or at least we knew them. We all knew a frustrated virgin, the parties who wanted to have a childhood and a half wish to grow desperately and think about what it does for her. We all knew the boy-mad, the fashion plate whose vanity hides his fear of the world, his fear of receiving. We all knew the party of the party they whispered, and not only his sad home life, but also the notorious uses. And we all knew the "mother figure", a little more real, a little more grounded, a little sader because she knew what was going to happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, like me, you were one or the other at a time ... <br /> <br /> This movie really strikes a viable life when desire, needs, pressure, femininity, childhood, world and loneliness are all embodied every woman's head, every factor. What aspect are you hanging on? What do you throw over the edge, no matter how you hold it? And how painful is it to say goodbye to everything you know? It is this film - stepping into the femininity of childhood and how fucking it is to walk. When you were there, you know ... and love this movie like me. Painful and gently made. Fine cut femininity.
