After the Snare Prize, it was unlikely that a further trip to Hanzo would be better, and that would not break this expectation, but it is a subtle film and sits nicely between the first, fun, but dirty first chapter and the other with high quality and general entertainment. The scenario comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallel with The Snare, but also with the expected hi-jinks of the Hanzo movie, but the film rings a little bit of modifications to the formula, raising both the characteristic humor and the film with a quieter, reflective edge. The film opens with the Hanzos assistants scared by the ghost, and usually decides immediately that he needs meat knowledge about this meat. It turns out that the ghost is a shelter for stolen coins, and that structure opens up the story of theft, corruption and struggle with the expected violent and foolish results. Shintaro Katsu is amazing, as expected by Hanzo, who reaches effortlessly as a deadly destroyer and sexual sexual power, he is equally good at humor and pleasant moments of almost ordinary gentlemen at the moments of knowledge, it is a beautifully rounded performance full of social conscience and personal touch. . Predictable comedy will also be fine, his moments with Snake Magobei are the most interesting of the series, while his relationship with his servants is more fun than ever. Even though it is nice to have a nice moment with nice moments, fair action and a small blow, the film loses a bit of a modest approach. The tone of both earlier films is that drawing, tempo and smart resemble Snare, and when the film's goal is to capture it, it does well, with a strong handle and a powerful early interrogation sequence. Likewise, director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially stupid scenes in a more experimental way, such as Kenji Misum's less well-behaved work in justice, Sword of Justice, the consequences of which are sometimes very nice, as a man who plays a podcast, his fingers with his own games slipping to the strings as he does to him not known. Hanzo drives his wife and sometimes a little bit weak, as is an orgy that is a psychedelic vortex that is reduced to zero motionless nudity, which just seems confusing. Nudity and bloodshed are generally regrettable, but it is unfortunate that such a stronger approach would have worked better if it was definitely a film where the most unpleasant and unlimited nudity and violence were. But even for less exploiting goods, it's still fun and fun, predictable moments are terrible and there is more than enough intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises. It really is for movie fans, playing the work outlined in the previous sections, and working sweetly, if not prominently. All in all, it is almost pleasant to have a mildly faulty fun for a pleasant trilogy, the other one is the best and worthy of what is worthy of the enthusiasts of these things.
