After the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka "Hanzo Razor - Sword Of Justice", 1972) and its magnificent (and even sleazier) sequel "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku land" (aka Razor 2: The Snare, 1973), this "Goyôkiba : Oni from Hanzô yawahada koban "aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and, unfortunately, the final part of the awesome saga of the incorruptible Samurai Constable Hanzo "Razor" Ittami (who played great Shintarô Katsu), who fights corruption with his struggle as well as his enormous sexuality. Like the great fan of the 70's, Nippon, "Sword of Justice" became my favorite, and so I was more than eager to find the results and was full of expectations when I last stumbled upon them. Although this third "Hanzo" movie is not just as brilliant as its predecessors, it is definitely another great cinema that no Japanese cinema lover can afford. "Who's Got Gold" is a bit more terrible than the two previous Hanzo movies, but it's just as brilliantly comical and roughly humorous, and it just starts stunningly strange: the movie begins when Hanzo's two assistants see a female during fishing. Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo requires his assistants to take him to the scene ... If this is not a promising start for a fantastic movie experience, I don't know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again amazing in the role of Hanzo, which seems to have been specifically written for him. Feel IS is a Hanzo, a stubborn and fearless constable who hates corruption and deliberately offends his superiors and whose unique hearing techniques include female suspects. The interviewed women, as a result of their sexual abilities and huge penis, immediately fall on him, which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I will not give more to the plot "Who is in gold", but I can assure you that it is as cool as it sounds. Supporting performances are also very good, and as with its predecessors, there are also lots of eccentric characters. This is unfortunately the latest film in the awesomely sleazy 'Hanzo' series. If they had made another 20 queues, I would have been happy to follow them all! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is a bit worse than its predecessors, it is definitely a cult cinema for all lovers! Oh, how do I wish they had done more!
