The L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / Stolen Painting Hypothesis (1979) begins in the yard of an old three-storey Paris apartment building. Inside, we meet a Collector, an elderly person who has probably devoted his life to studying the color of the toner of the six known shadow impressionist Tonnerre. The narrator talks about different art and painting epigrams, and then begins a dialogue with the Collector who describes us our paintings, shows them to us, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that brought him down and then tells us he shows us something ... <br /> <br /> When he walks through a doorway, we enter another world or worlds or perhaps stretch into other possible worlds. The collector shows us his apparently inexhaustible house, including a large yard with mountains; within these boundaries, there are 6 paintings in life or half way to life, when he walks through different tables and describes the possible meaning of each painting, the whole work, the paintings of a complete secret history, a scandal, painters, a novel that may be inspired by paintings. And so on, and so on. Every room, every description, takes us deeper into the labyrinth and all the time when the collector and narrator participate in their separate monologues, from time to time in dialogue, but mostly they remain separate and distinct. <br /> <br /> I looked at it a second time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable that it was and so hard to think or write. If I may have what it all adds, it would be a very satire for the whole essence of artistic interpretation. The figure can be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes where The Collector highlights some of the sexual plastic statues - the second one looks at pictures taken from images that reflect the images of paintings. - then it moves through its collection, which now consists of partly viable versions. If we think too much about it and not just enjoy it, it just becomes a seemingly plastic ... <br /> <br /> I have come to certain conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé" or not, I can definitely say that outside of Peter Greenaway's earlier (and simultaneous) works like "A Walk Through H", I rarely so attracted so deep, so serious, so dense ... and in the heart, so cute and fun.
