This project was originally created as a film version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and this is nothing new to Jay Chou, who made his film debut from another wildly popular manga originally. Along the way, it was decided to add some kung fu to the movie, so the title, even if the idea wasn't very original, because Stephen Chowi Shaolin Soccer remembered with martial arts and ball games. <br /> <br /> But, fortunately, those scenes where kung fu games really affected and Kung Fu Dunk was really unnecessary because they didn't add much to the plot and drum a lot of excitement and offered the most cheap smiles and remembered the time Stephen Chow used kung fu in football games. Jay Chou is comfortable with the role of his martial arts artist Fang Shi-Jie, because he is not the first time he fought with martial arts (the curse of the golden flowers by anyone?), And under Chun Siu-Tung's stuntsu he was really looking to be credible when he In the trash, as seen in the trailer, there are numerous gangsters in the trash, but to know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> This was almost the reason why his character is a kung fu practitioner and the fact that he has been given an excuse to be a top shooter capable of shooting the bars from virtually any angle. And when Eric Tsang is a small time hustler Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his representative, he joins the university to play in different basketball, but not without the team captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and the team's initial objection. Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, on his big screen). But you know that team members are on the same side, not before they combine their strengths against the basketball field opponents. <br /> <br /> And I have to put my neck out to say that this movie is basketball just like the goal of football. This made the sport good because of its charismatic characters, despite the fact that they dropped so much coolness and judgment. Here, special effects and wire work were used to make the participants look like professionals who can take the top of the NBA league and, frankly, really stunning, especially when imitating various dunking movements and performing in combination with technology and stunt work. So in fact, the kung fu elements don't have to be in the movie. Stunt work itself can justify most of the moves because they are fairly well-founded, but you need to stop the belief that mid-height boys have springs on their feet to jump to the height of a professional dunk. It is also a pity that the number of games was just a handful, with a lot of time spent on the sub-blocks, but each of them created loosely and shot the story in and out as they wanted. Things like abandoned Shi-Jie's attempt to use basketball games to get their parents to one day, participate in these gangsterism and affect games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in yet another flower-coin role that is just fine and good. Everyone works a little too cool, leaving little room for the depths of the main characters. One of the main topics is realizing the importance of teamwork, not individual talent and ability, and it could have been brought much stronger if the players themselves were to communicate much more than just that and during it. except for high fans and friendly passes. <br /> <br /> With a $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where the money went - the impact, especially the huge point of the fantasy movie. It's pretty flawless, nice to look at and probably justify its quality, but again I would like to emphasize that even without these elements, basketball stunts still make a decent movie with nice basketball moves. And when Jay Chou plays his team, this is a big boost to the success of any ticket office.
