Jay Chou plays the orbit that has emerged at the kung fu school but was attacked by a corrupt director, after fighting against bunches of people using an unpleasant cable. He happens to lucky gamblers Eric Tsang, who immediately sees the money potential in the skills of young people. Basketball is the path of choice for wealth and Tsang offers to get her to the university team and promote her in the media. Overall success will lead to a basketball championship and a really nasty rival team, headed by the same unpleasant villain before. near the sports film conferences and provides all the elements that the crowd is waiting for. You have seen it before, but this is something you will never see incorrectly if it is well done. Fortunately, it's really well done (some may say "surprisingly" with Chu Yen-Ping's director ... I hope he has good "assistants") - the script offers and the presentation is slippery and stylish. Jay Chou is still quite expression-free, but it is her style, and if she lets the emotion tremble, it can be a pretty good comic. Eric Tsang compensates for the greater character he has played many times before (for example, in real life), who gets many movies from the most emotional moments. <br /> <br /> Since the film revolves around basketball, it is good that the scenes of basketball matches are good. Cast shows some real skills, including Chou, and some well-made wires and CGI add to this hyper-realistic kung fu skill that makes scenes even more fun (assuming you like this thing) and justify the plot plot / presence <br /> <br /> The movie has only one important combat action, but it is "one for many" style. It seems that Jay Chou is doing a lot of his movements and is quite impressive - he is obviously quite strong and quick, and Ching Siu-Tung's choreography makes him look like a true martial artist. I wish there would have been more, but at least it is a long-term struggle. <br /> <br /> Very much the Chinese New Year I had hoped would be a trailer, and suggested a look!
