Lost, probably the best t.v series ever made. the story is wise and if all your questions are answered, one more episode will raise another 100 people. if lost can continue its great ways and not take too much, then it is stapled for the best show. The survivors of an air accident are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that presents unique threats. After you read it, did you think it would be interesting on earth? and your answer, every season, SO FAR has always been a surprise, always asking yourself why it just happened and what will happen next time, a very unexpected thing happens and the story goes great with SO FAR! The series simply sucks you, it's chilling and very addictive, all the wonderful creators and staging of the big productions creates a very credible story. Missing is just incredible, amazing, very fun, top-notch, that is, it's the best. <br /> <br /> All other shows in lost winnings are landslides. And if your hatred or criticism has disappeared, you don't know how to watch CV or watch the drama. The lost is just not disappointing, you think a series that lasts so long cannot get better. But that's it! It's just flowing, it's different from what you would ever think. "Everything happens with a reason." And it is really shown in the series. Finally you reach the point of all the hints and everything that happened or has been done. You know and understand how the characters have changed and how and why everything is happening. <br /> <br /> 10-minute excitement: You see something you didn't see coming up, something big happened on the nature or on the island. Nowhere is hope. You see a big twist that can or will change everything. You hear the poisoning of your thought, you don't know what happens next. Your heart beats. 30-minute glow: you can see a flawless scene, build a tension, hear Michael Giacchino's wonderful music. You see a great flash back, impressive action. You see a cunning, cool atmosphere that then turns into tension. Everyone has an exhibition that they are addicted, that they can't get enough, that they admire every minute and are able to "o wait for the next episode that they are talking around the clock. Too many and many others are in the series. Lost. If you look The creators did a flawless job. Lost is completely unique and original, you don't see anything like this. A smart idea of ​​"setbacks and booms" and something big and different every season sucks your thoughts. "Something so interesting and something you always remember. It just has stunned the world when it hit the TV A new generation of dramatic / sci-fi. Speed ​​class before it reached viewers. <br /> <br /> I'm sure all of you have heard of lost and 5-star reviews and your annoying friend who is not talking to you, so what is keeping you from watching? <br /> <br /> Every episode brings something new and it just doesn't stop better and better , more interested when it goes, you learn things that are on the island that you don't even think about. Characters begin to become very pleasant, and if your criticism would be more in-depth, for example, how the characters' relationship develops and how they learn and become challenged. All together is a great drama and a flawless series. I think we all hope that the lost will not queue to come and go far ..... so if you do not lose, read the comment from above and you should change your mind. Seeing belief, so until you start looking, you never know. I strongly recommend this series: LOST !! start watching !!! You haven't seen anything before you watch LOST !!!
