working with this film when it was done in the summer of 1990. Shot partially in the Biltmore building in Asheville, NC and the rest in Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds' massive offices were used in many office scenes and placed around a beautiful city, known as the world capital of Winston-Salem! I liked my job, though it was an extremely difficult job of building all sets like Mexican golf, where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to their day. I also had a big hand in decorating the bar, where Larry meets a magical bartender Mr Destiny. I made all of these pictures on the walls of the heroes of the sport, and adorned the phone room where Larry was calling for the cab. I even put a photo of my mothers at eye level so I could freeze it and show her when we watched it. I remember the green coloring of green grass, because it had to be forced first (this was a new development of the building and I think they rented it for the movie). make it beautiful ... it was hard! With regard to the film, we had no idea what it would be, but after I saw it, I fell in love with it because it really tells the story of "what if" as good as I ever saw it, including the big one. wonderful life. I cried so many times. <br /> <br /> I can't read. I met the great actor Michael Cain when I was shooting scenes in an old juvenile league ballpark, where Larry was playing and playing. I remember taking back his trailer after he had taken it, I ran him down and asked him for a picture and he was quite friendly and said, "Why not!" He is a good man and a truly natural and powerful actor. I can't say the same to Jim Belush .. he was so full of smoking big cubes and talking loudly so <br /> <br /> all heard his word. His career never went down, but lately he has had a decent TV career. I'd say you would watch this movie if you ever win. It is wonderful and truly cordial and real. You can feel Larry's pain after he enters the new world. Mr Destiny gives him after hitting the homer and if he wants people to believe he is not the bad guy who thinks he is. They all think it belongs to the nuthouse! But eventually he wins people, but then he wants his real life to be so modest, especially his wonderful wife, Linda Hamilton so beautifully played ... and she wants her dog back! So look at it.
