Although the original 1932 version with Preston Foster was good, it's not 1959. The currency of the year is more or more impossible to find anywhere, just as I suspect that Mickey Rooney has done something about it. It would never have been just to be both brilliantly brilliant and a more thoughtful script, as well as the original. Many years after my last few views of this film, in 1970 I read an article in which Mickey Rooney spoke of a visit to the death penalty and which apparently had drastically eliminated any personal identification. d to know people with similar circumstances. The article had the main character here and did not cover much, except the extent to which his extreme disappointment with the quality of the prisoners was emphasized, even in a language I would not like to explicitly quote here. . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is, of course, that it has not been applied uniformly, impartially, just as many innocent people are far too careless, so they are sent unnecessarily to meet this particular fate. Another problem I have is that it is not being implemented fast enough, or that is why it is even public! In such cases, the Bible has a special point about such a deterrent, one of the most important goals, being inefficiently hidden, minus, not just public viewing, but also the direct participation of everyone! With regard to those who argue that they statistically prove that this is not an effective deterrent? In addition to the problem of the reliability of these data, I have little or no objectively unfair suspicions that are now behind many, because there is no such deterrent effect. But I have a problem with the fact that the apostle Robert Duvall was at all punished for his particular "crime", or that the only hope for leniency as he would be should be based on "temporary madness" as if it were the only acceptable excuse for him. . . . In addition to a number of other questions concerning Mickey Rooney's motives for the specific visit he was talking about and the answers I am just trying to speculate, I suspect that the main one has been clearly religious. I do not know exactly when he will be proclaimed a Christian, now, if possible, is a special point to emphasize that he is; but, as one should be well aware, this particular category in the eye eye tends to be the most vigorous for the blood. At the same time, I have no particular argument about myself, as there is no doubt that the scripture says that not all, and perhaps even the most, will not save the same final destiny in the Lord's own hands. His sacrifice on the cross. However, for me, the problem is the spirit or attitude with which most recognized Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; for, contrary to the Lord, who would love to see all saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to go out honestly to find reasons to condemn! . . . What most people on both sides of this superficially inconvenient question cannot judge enough is that the Lord is as soft and soft in nature as He is difficult. The two sides of his nature seem to be so inherently incompatible to make him mentally bad, at least with any strict human control. However, despite the terribly unquestionable presence of this wonderfully dynamic mix of water and oil in your nature, there can be no doubt that something like this, or something fanatically and characteristically on one side of this equation, falls short of the truth of the courts inadequately and unacceptably short. Indeed, I have seen the most blood-thirsty thirst for the same outpouring in itself, far enough away too many times categorically favored by the death penalty, even in the most rationally balanced way that even though the Lord died for each one, not all of them get together. After all, in order to be dismissed, the same term must be repeated once, to arrive and receive, which means to repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Would it make sense? . . . But then, how is the Lord's command to forgive even those who despise you and persecute you without just cause or provocation? One of the far-reaching hardships of sentimentality, such as the interpretation of the people, is how it conceal overshadows the true meaning of forgiveness. Forgiveness does not in itself mean the same thing as an unconditional apology. When one explicitly takes a sober, rationally well-balanced view, from the point of view of God's own attitude, it is all that really means, an enthusiastic desire that the forgiving man can finally find his way, seeing light and giving mercy. This attitude is, of course, a great contradiction, say, of Jonah, who really angered him when God told him that his preaching to the Ninive people would bring about their repentance. Jonah didn't want them to repent, but wanted them to be destroyed. Unconsciously, with cold blood like most Christians, he was, except that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonah almost as much as he does to me! But minus the repentance of the forgiving person, he does not give him good forgiveness for what he can become a true Christian. In this case, the only benefit that is a true Christian himself!
