"Holly" is a story about a young girl who has been sold by her poor family and smuggled across Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the notorious "K11" red light. In the film, Holly awaits her innocence when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends against gambling and bars. Patrick and Holly have a direct connection with their "stubbornness", but all this is disturbed when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears. As visitors to the movie, we draw Patrick's quest to find Holly again. Then, Holly shows her willingness to leave her lifestyle, but her confusion over what is right and wrong. "Holly" takes us through beautiful and harsh Cambodia, discovering that HOLLY is not just one girl. He is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year without rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than her subject, such as 4-year-old documentaries and sexual trafficking, but she can significantly enlighten the trafficking of Cambodia / Vietnam with prostitution. It is a moving story that helps enlighten the terrible situation where many children see and trust their efforts and understand what is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, a movie antagonist, is an American stolen dealer who also loses money and friends by playing cards and getting into bar struggles. While on his trip, his motorcycle's fuel runs out and is forced to rent a brothel room. During his stay, he will be over twenty-year-old Holly, who has been sold and kidnapped by slaves and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a relationship of trust and understanding. She finds a wise and stubborn girl under a traumatized look who has decided to save her - although almost everyone they meet is interpreting their strictly platonic relationships wrong. When he suddenly disappears, he starts his journey to follow him, without wondering if he can really help him. <br /> <br /> Holly can escape to another brothel by jumping from the truck and running to a field filled with mines. The mine has been put down by the cow and the truck driver believes he is dead, so Holly was left behind. During Patrick's journey to find holly, he meets a social worker who tries to talk to him in some sense and shares the facts with him who haunts the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for freedom simply heats up demand, he explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000 children. "I'm not trying to save 60,000 people," he says, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​throwing him at safety stays fast when a social worker tells him that the US is not allowing him to adopt, and although it takes five minutes to rescue a child, it takes five years to reintegrate. society. The information does not affect Patrick and he continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> Then the audience will be shown that Holly is doing this small town and feeding other homeless children. He is then friendly by a local police officer who seems little better than criminals when he sells him to another brothel and then engaged by a Vietnamese businessman who then takes his innocence. Then it seems Holly thinks it is her destiny and when Patrick finally found her, she's ready for "yum yum" and "boom boom" for her distant friend. Patrick is disturbed by this change of behavior, but he does not prevent his plan to take him out of this world. Finally, he steals him and takes him to a safe land for a social worker. Holly is given fresh clothes when they eat and bring in a dance class, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense longing to be Patrick's friendship, runs away from a secure house and back to Cambodia's streets. Meanwhile, Patrick is in the country with a decision to leave and escape. To the United States or to stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly and the bar visit; the older man sees the image he is holding and commenting on his sexual appetite when he was having sex with him. It violates Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar. Finally, the police grab the patrick Holly in the eyes of a hiding mate. <br /> <br /> "Holly" may want to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of poor people in their lives and even campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but dramatic weaknesses in the film may reduce its ability to see enough people see change. In general, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it did not touch the film. The actors did a good job of showing their raw material and real confusion to the young people affected by their lifestyle, but in the end the harsh lifestyle of the region and the despair of their parents selling their children does not help the child's situations.
