After enjoying this example for years, I use a dream to see them all and share them with their grandchildren. I'm so happy to pay a small amount for the memories on the DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving hard-working husband, one corrupt beautiful daughter and two sons as different as day and night. Michael, the son of a baby, is a walkman of freedom and JJ is a clown. I know that many African-Americans did not show this example, but I know that many may associate it and should have accepted it. My heart was sad when I found out that Ester Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is currently a leading writer in the actor and I support his work, but not so much as he made his brutal look at Rolle. No one should hear ugly things from their physical appearance. The exhibition began to become less interesting when his father James died. It rose slightly when Florida married again, but fell when he took off from the show. All in all, the exhibition was big and again I am pleased with the copies of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the former stars of the good Times and I have to say that they are one group who is not up and down under rumors. I think today's children enjoy this show and I have no problem with sitting and watching with children. Congratulations to the writer, the team and the stars for years of reminiscent of the time I can skip again without scenes. <br /> <br /> OK, so I look at exhibitions over and over again. Recently, I've noticed that the series that I am thinking of around the series, but I don't like them. I think Florida was a bit tough when the money the kids did came. Not that children would not need supervision, but it was done so that Florida mothers are different. The scenes where Florida had to talk about how other people didn't look very good are bothering me now. When James was alive, the show showed James who wanted his Fix-it store but never lived to see his family out of the projects, but Florida marries someone with a fixed store. A bit of a stroke on the face of an actor who should have finished his good time, showing that he had achieved everything he tried. Finally, when I look at them, I see that the series goes into overtime and is renamed "JJ". To be true, after James left, most of them focused on JJ. Not a bad thing, but a noticeable thing. I do not trade my DVD with any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after some time.
