Like The Jeffersons, the Good Times was one of the classic American sitcoms that was never broadcast in the UK, not to mention that it appeared in the 1970s - a decade that I wasn't born yet. But, like most fans, I watched you on a couple of episodes on You Tube - and later loved it. meet and who, despite their lack of qualifications, encourage their children who have a life-long endeavor to fulfill them and make use of their opportunities. James was a tough but loving father who didn't dare to talk about J.J., Michael and Thelma discipline - whether they should cross the line. While in Florida, on the other hand, was a fair, affectionate and attentive mother and a loving woman, although she was in many ways similar to James, with regard to her attitude to parenthood and family values ​​from an African-American perspective. Children were as alive and entertaining as parents: JJ was an aspiring artist who was outraged by a personality and crazy sense of humor, who would often wear multicolored clothes and whose "DY-NO-MITE" is as infectious and familiar as Arnold Jackson's "Whatchoo Talks" Willise? Diff'rent from Strokes. Michael was a wise alec who dreamed that he would become a lawyer while his sister Thelma had his dreams and hopes. His verbal attacks on JJ were mostly fun, as was the relationship between love and hatred between brother and sister, which both Mike Evans and Bernadette Stan played very well. </p> <p> </p> Some couples, especially Janet Jackson, Debbie Allen and the young Gary Coleman, have been made! I really want to say the Good Times, The Cosby Show, which was an 80's exhibition because a) I preferred Evans to the Huxtables family for both a) characterization and b) because I felt that it touched on serious and difficult social issues , in a way that resonated with many viewers. It was a comedy, but it was also a social commentary aimed at highlighting the life of the working group, the Americans in America in the 1970s. The Cosby Show tried to get a "candy-covered" audience, because Huxtables was portrayed as black, who easily assimilated themselves to a higher-class US culture, with which we associate whites, while the Good Times, on the other hand, was much more "edgier", and he was not afraid to deal with issues such as drugs and drugs child abuse. In fact, I found that although the Cosby Show may be a fun time to time, it didn't have a little "sassiness" on the Good Times, which made it more trendy and cooler. <br /> <br /> The show did not jump in the shark last season, when it continued after John Amose's character, James died in an accident (actually it was known when John was good at good times. And so, his character's death was written so as it is to show). Without John, this exhibition has suffered and unfortunately lost a lot of charm. <br /> <br /> At the same time, for the sitcom, Good Times noted all the better boxes. If only they had shown it in the UK in the 1980s. As it certainly is, as JJ said, "DY-NO-MITE !!" <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 and a half
