When people think of the city center of Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and Da Bears, Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox, which is breaking the curse in 2005, or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and finals MVP) in Chicago Bulls. In this generation, rarely have people thought about the struggle of Chicago, the ghettos, the streets infected with drugs, and housing projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most amazing TV shows and groundbreaking sitcom was the "Good Times", which I remember as a small child at CBS, and I enjoy TV Land regularly. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another Norman Lear classic producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best ever African-American sitcom, and "Everything in the Family", the biggest show ever. The Good Times highlighted the difficulties of ghetto and city dwelling projects and made it a charm, well-written and thoughtful plot, and some wonderful actions, especially the matriarch and patriarch of the family of the fighting ghetto, played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children of the supporting municipality were also pretty good, especially the popular Janet Jackson in their early years and Ralph Carter like the youngest son of Florida and James Evans, whose character in youth understands that life is unfair and he has to learn to stand his two legs. <br /> <br /> Older Kids JJ plays Jimmy Walker is somewhat inappropriate for this show and is mostly comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12, although he looks like a boy in his twenties. J.J. gets annoying, and it's a credit often to unpleasant James Evans (Amos) that he never says J.J. Get your life, get a job and get out of the house. J.J. is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother, there is never a serious acquisition of a college or more important for a family to get a job to help a household that is just above welfare status. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes of Good Times were where Janet Jackson's character works with fever 104 and Florida Evans desperately wants good medical care that she can't afford, but very professional but doesn't want to give the clinic The family is more concerned about projects than legally. Another episode is where James Evans can't afford to rent a low $ 104 a month. Evans is getting the biggest family setbacks by throwing them out of projects without having to go. Florida Evans goes to the Center for Social Services to try to get a loan or support for family support. But the government does not consider its family poor because they have over $ 4,200 in assets for five families that are unfairly, but unfortunately, legally above the poverty line. James and the kids want to rub money, but Florida is a great moral person who doesn't want to do anything dishonest, no matter how terrible they are. Finally, the family finds a solution to keep their head above water. <br /> <br /> The Good Times is a classic exhibition from the 1970s. James and Florida Evans both work hard to make their children right and avoid social stigma. I was too young to comprehend the message of sitcom as a toddler in the 70s in my first incitement to CBS, but I really enjoy the 2006 attacks on the television world. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms of the day.
