The banned planet is a scientific fiction that is particularly valuable in the cinema, especially in the 1950s. There was a day when the earth was standing and the worlds war, but it does not forget the gem that took some of its story from Shakespeare's Temple to talk about the astronauts story on the planet with a doctor who has made a significant breakthrough with the doctor. It is such a breakthrough that is not so incredible to look at (although in 1956 it seems quite amazing to look at some of these kits and the giant machine that the doctor creates), but with emphasis on characters and its themes. too far-reaching technology for the more primitive side of human activity, even if we do not know that we are targeting it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - it's within the first ten minutes - it seems normal to have a bit more professionalism and better skills than B-films of the period. The Astronaut ship is on a mission to the Altair-4 planet to bring back an expedition that disappeared decades earlier. But the only left is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter who was somehow immune to the attack that left everyone else dead. Morbius seems to be a hearty and very intelligent person, and his technology seems so impressive that the astronauts led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen) may think he understands it for his superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there's a catch - something killed by crew members one by one, every night, even if others keep an eye on them and then put on an invisible electric fence that invisibly goes through. In the meantime, there may be a romance between Skipper and Alraira, and the doctor still has a more tiring reference: you shouldn't have started on the planet, and now you have to go. This is even more interesting, only on a purely intellectual level, but the forbidden planet will never forget that its story should be of interest to its audience, with some useful ideas. While everyone can remember Robbie Robot and a good reason, perhaps the most unforgettable picture for me is the monster that came out of the screen without firing the team, animated with red electricity, and looking so vividly that it looks like Fantasy. br /> <br /> Pidgeon's actor is subtle: you do not expect him to be a villain, although there is something in the character and performance that speaks to it, and eventually makes the character far more complex than expected. And other performances are workers, but also great, as Nielsen-born leader of Holliman, offering great comic relief as Cook (who, I should add, helps one more fun scene with the film with their bourbon Robbie gallons). And the impact of this time is extraordinary (nowadays it is also a nostalgic piece of paper) and the music made by electronics is "toned" beautiful. Ultimately, it is a Hilcox scenario and a cautious direction that puts that notch over the rest of the B-film. If it is funny, it is deliberate and works. If it is dramatic, it connects quite well even with its rigid moments. And when we think of a terrible situation, it gradually comes with a nuance, not with our faces, or with a mega-action. <br /> <br /> Inspiration for many other sci-fi movies, and the perfect marker for memorable scientific literature and old books, it's a classy and fun classic.
