I should say at the beginning that there are many, many things I love about a "forbidden planet" and yes, I think this is a "classic" scientific literature film for a number of reasons. But in my opinion, the admiration that has been gained over the years is a bit over the top. At least authority, as Leonard Maltin says, "the forbidden planet" is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films in the genre. " Going forward? No doubt. Intelligent? Depends on what part of the movie you're talking about. It was certainly more prestigious and highly budgeted scientific literature. With a cost of about $ 2 million (that is, 1956, remember), MGM pulled out all the stops to produce a dazzling, striking space race, unlike what was seen on the big screen before, even for some of the Disney studio artists to hire more sophisticated special effects. Charming is not usually the word used to describe the special effects of sci-fi movies, but it is the most appropriate one here. Even the frightened "Monster from the Id" is just a cartoon designed by the people of Disney, probably not afraid of anyone over the age of eight. When I see different sets and take note of art designs, models, costumes, etc. I am reminded of as much as "Oz Wizard", who has proudly saturated colors and work out, if not always convincing. There are so many works in these films that they tend to smile with admiration, no matter what. The "Forbidden Planet" is a wonderful look. The scenes obviously take place on play sets that are stunningly decorated, with planetary mats and backgrounds, and sophisticated miniature sand dunes, etc., to give the depth of illusion. It's a bit like watching the most detailed production you would ever see. The most likely and convincing scenes are probably those located in the massive complex of Krell, where the depth and width of the interior is well-made and reliable. But then we get to the actors. The performances are almost equally terrible, although it is fair to say that dialogue is never over the humor of the adolescent's dressing room, with the exception of some barely sufficient sections of scientific technobaby. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon has been reduced to give such a toothpick, it is sometimes terrible. A very young Leslie Nielsen starring J.J. Adams and does not convey a creed or conviction throughout the film. He seems instinctively known for thirty years before his real forte put into comedy because there are times when he seems barely able to hold a straight face that speaks his lines. Every forced reaction, whether it is anger or passion, or festive meditation, looks out of high school. Anne Francis, also very young, is a little better than the allegedly innocent Alta, whom we believe has never seen a person except her father until the spacecraft crew appears. (Alta Morbius, now is your name.) Unfortunately, Anne Francis, even at this early age, seems to be both virgin and naive as Elizabeth Taylor's "Butterfield 8". Here is a good story buried somewhere about the comments of teammates' friends about Alta and another minor sub-block, about Earl Holliman's "cookie", a ship's cook. (Holliman also gets into terrible performance. I think all of these actors went straight from this movie to the show school.) According to Shakespeare's "Tempest", the story of a dead race, Krell, and the fantastic world of machines left behind what most people tend to remember. planet and good reason. For a few minutes and here you can forget the rest of the movie and dazzle the Disney artists' concept of the Krell Underground Complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course Robby Robot, the ten-year idea of ​​what the robot should see and talk about in the 1950s. He's funny. Locations. So a "forbidden planet" is a very confusing bag for me. It deserves credit for being inspired by a wave of sci-fi movies and the following TV shows, of which at least "Star Trek". But I would recommend that anyone who thinks this is more than a well-staged comic book sci-fi goes back and watches it again.
