When it comes to the fiction of the 1950s, fictional films think of black and white B-films that were exhibited in the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 TV show. Yet, although there were many more films, such as Plan 9, the Space and Robot Monster, as good movies, in the 1950s some very good, if not large, fictional films such as The Day The Earth Stood Still, Incredible Shrinking Man, were Invasion Body snatchers, World War II and other world affairs. Yet, in the bunch, MGM was certainly the first great award for its literacy and production values ​​in the 1956 Forbidden Planet, an A-level scientific literature. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, that the lens had modern special effects and was given a very good scenario from Cyril Hume, shown by Irving Block and Allen Adler's Fatal Planet, who adapted William Shakespeare Tempest aspects. <br / Film <br /> The film revealed when he appeared, inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The, by the special effects of the Oscar, the total score of electronic music, Louis and Bebe Barron (although they were credited with electronic tonalities). An Idi (MOTI) animated by Joshua Meador, an animator at Walt Disney's studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby Robot in his first role in either film or television. Later he appeared in The Invisible Boy - this DVD is a bonus, as well as a number of performances in the 1960s sci fi TV show The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space, whose own robot is often in 1984 in the Gremlins movie, with confusion and the appearance of cams. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but elegantly designed and filled with humorous side-by-side films that capture the story of love in the movie. In the 23rd century, the American planets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, she was once the leader of her police days), was on the planet Altair IV to investigate what happened to the Bellerofon team, twenty years earlier. After a year's journey, they meet the lonely survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero's stand-in philologist, his gorgeous blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - Miranda's symbol of the 1960s mini-strap and Robby Robot, a home-based servant at Caliban colleague. Morbius warns a team of mysterious force who killed Bellerophon in the first year but was immune to it? All in all, this is a technically good film, especially some rearviews and matt paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to the exploitation of Timmy and Robby is Dalian's surreal absurdity. However, it is obvious that the filmmakers had no sense that the film was a surprising absurdity because it was played directly, making it even more funny. What is the main function? The forbidden planet deserves all its praise. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a couple of hours and much better than Star Wars, which, though 20 years later, seems to be much outdated and underage. Only movies like 2001: Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two Terminator films have really been equalized or exceeded the depth and effects of this classic. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing that despite the forbidden end of the planet's "happy end", there is a possibility that MOTI is also standing at Alta. After all, she was her father's daughter and had a more vivid nightmare than her father when MOTI attacked the ship a second time. The movie also wisely shows MOTI and never shows Krel, because imagination can always create a better fear than the best special effects. The film also uses narrative ellipses to tighten the story, which is often not done by more realistic feature films. The Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define their differences from other sci fi films, which were quite obvious allegories of the Cold War. Look at it, and you agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But even if you don't, there is another Anne Francis skinnydipping scene. It alone is timeless.
