Prohibited planet prices are in science fiction literature, with careful attention to the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds love it), while playing the image and ideas of modern 1950s values. The isolated house of Morbi is a modern design with open spaces that stretch out to sculptures, the pool and the ultimate home appliance: Robby Robot. "Housewife dream!" shouts the captain after lunch and demonstrates the robot's ability to synthesize food and break down waste. <br /> <br /> Also in the 1950s, Fruedia's psychology emerges in the Id explanation, although Morbius leaves this obsolete term. In the fight against the invisible monster and the struggle to live a lifetime on board, the Pacific War drama is a delight. Perhaps the most timely is the post-atomic fear that science is the enemy, and the arrogant scientists inadvertently reduce their destruction in search of knowledge in the dark. <br /> <br /> However, the suburban drama featured in Forbidden Planet seems to be a uniquely fresh sci-fi genre. They are not heroes or heroes, but ordinary sailors who cross the galaxy with the military's hardness and honesty. The good guys are flying the flying plate and the foreigners have gone so long that we don't even know what they saw - although the "extraordinary" music of Bebe and Louis Barron is remarkably futuristic today. The views of the Morbi House are truly strangers with many cliffs and pink bonfires. The bottom of the base is just Buck Rogers. There is a lot of visuals. Although we get fantastic monsters and robots for the baby, the planet's brain film, slow pace and conversation is forbidden. It works at several levels at once: against the adventure of a sci-fi space, a philosophical home. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all their room calls, the soldiers are for golf. Morphus's deadly discovery is a modest educational institution, a schoolhouse. The most interesting character is the daughter of Morbi Altaira. Having ever seen a man, he is unhappy with the crew. She is Madonna's boy-boy, who designs her space-age clothes and uses all the possibilities for equipment - imagine Christina Aguilera in the household with a copier. Men who watch the movie see her as a girl in a minidress, but every woman knows that a naive girl is not in the minidress. Anne Francis deserves better appreciation for lowering the mouths with kisses. Unfortunately, we never know if he was a "suspect" because the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target. He is a character who makes a significant change in the film. Disappointed that his father compares dead Doc with other landing partners, turns his father, his home, to leave with the sailors of the Earth. This is the contradiction, the act of maturity, which sends the Morbius' Id to the edge, destroying allegorically its creator just as it was thousands of centuries earlier to Krell. Perhaps Krell was also a teenage daughter ...?
