The flying plate, manned (literally) by about 20 male space exploration teams, drives hundreds of millions of light years off the ground to control immigration into a colony built about 25 years ago on a "forbidden planet". What they find is a robot that is more advanced than the earth, a beautiful and completely socially uneven young woman and her father, a philosopher of hermits, haunted more than the demons of ancient ancient civilization. <br /> This story is the mystery of the murder of a cellulose scifi on the surface. Some compare it to Shakespeare's Tempest, but it's a stretch and in some sense an insult to the sci-fi genre. What makes this a sci-fi movie is The Tempest, but how many hundreds of movies can you say something like that? Below is a warning story about the progress and technology and the social development that is needed for its proper and safe use. However, the film continues the hope of our future, which we have been expecting from exhibitions like Star Trek. <br /> <br /> Anne Francis is not the only reason why this movie is best described as beautiful. The special effects and even the aesthetics of the backgrounds are powerful enough to make involuntary driving and uneven action almost invisible. If this were not a funny retro-art-deco ness of sci-fi props of the 1950s, you might think you are looking at pieces of the 1960s. <br /> <br /> This is a classic very special genre of sci fi that I like to call sci-fi in the 1950s and, though not, I think it's best to know sci-fi and special effects. Attention should be paid to the wise plot that has now been tritiated for the reuse of six or seven episodes of Trite, Lost in Space and even Farscape, and supports the interest of most sci-fi fans. Trekkers is particularly interested in various aspects of the film, which seem to have inspired Star Trek's original series of subjects about 12 years later, although they may be disappointed (relatively mild) due to sexism and lack of sex in the 1950s. racial integration. Although I do not want nitpick, the lack of social progress in this film was one of the major problems I had with it. Some will probably see this movie as a mere glimpse of the young, seeing Leslie Nielsen in one of her first headlines. Unfortunately, Nielsen's performance is only average and sometimes lower (especially at the top of the movie). Walter Pigeon, though quite remarkable in other films, also plays a role. Ms. Francis, Earl Holliman, and the amazing Robby Robot are stand-out actors of this crowd, though the ensemble performs a good job of character actors. Problems with the performance, as I think, are both the director's and the editor's fault as nothing. Although they certainly have the most of the movie, they are quite right.
