This is a film that has everything, a striking hero, a beautiful girl in trouble, a noble figure with a tragic error and a truly wonderful robot. Forbidden Planet has over the years preserved this special magic and does not lose its recurring view (although the youth exchange of Anne Francis greatly contributes to this point). <br /> <br /> Film fans are known by the youthful Leslie Nielsen, who depicts a beautiful and heroic commander Adams, although those of us who have loved her in comedy roles may have been somewhat surprised by her appearance in a serious role. Separate and noble Walter Pidgeon is also a secret scientist (Id). Another supportive cast deserves to be nodded, especially Warren Stevens as an honest and inventive "Doc", and of course Miss Francis' delights, as noted above. <br /> <br /> This movie was an early pioneer in electronic music, in the 1950s, not less. Credits call them "tonalities", but those of us who tried to knock together the early version of "Theremin" are familiar with the terrible and horrible whims and sounds sometimes used on the sound track. Nonetheless, it is the image of the exotic and alien landscape of Krell's mysterious and banning world. <br /> <br /> Special effects are also quite arresting. I remember my fear as a young man waiting for the next manifestation of an invisible "Id" monster, and when it is finally visible in a battle scene, he literally shook my toes with astonishment and awe. The magic of Matti's art has been fully exploited in the dizzying scenes of the Krell Science Complex, as the characters make their way through the various labyrinths and passageways led by mysterious Dr. Morbius. <br /> <br /> I remember that it makes sense for Dr. Morbius to have such a cool toy as a Robby robot. Robby's personality is quite charming and in some ways looks more humane than some other characters. Watchers like Twilight Zone and Lost In Space, in some of these episodes, feel the recycled Robby offer, though I recall that he was never the original Robby personality. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I do not fully understand the complexity of the plot until I was old enough to understand the different references to Freud's psychology and the danger that hidden and customary fears and rage will be released, but we have trained ourselves by willpower dive and check through social codes. Though the story seems obvious when it turns out, Dr. Morbius is unknown (or perhaps deliberately neglected) until clearly thought leader Adams draws attention to what forces Dr Morbi to stand up against evil. It still gives goose bumps when Commander Adams pushes Dr Morbi down in front of Krell's machine, giving him a higher intellect that opened his subconscious flood gates to the power of Krell's machine: "Here's where your mind was artificially expanded, knowingly that he had no great power to operate the machine, but your subconscious was made strong enough. "The forbidden planet is probably my favorite sci-fi movie and remains a timeless and classic carefully designed story and excellent visualization and realization on the screen.
