I am always so disappointed that most of the scientific literature is really intergalactic Westerners or warriors. Even visually brilliant, Star Wars is with its central images, a futuristic "gang who couldn't shoot straight." Imagine you come to some 600 people with normal weapons, most of them open and unable. <br /> <br /> I have read a lot of science fiction and want more movies for a thinker. The forbidden planet, one of the first genres, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization, Krell, who created machines that could raise the intelligence of any nature with a quantum leap. Unfortunately, what they did not do is that the brain is the center of other thoughts as intellectual. The primitive aspect of the brain, Id as Freud called it, is unverified. It is released in a dream, a bad dream is a physical existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who has infiltrated his brain into this plane and has built machines and defenses that barely keep him in front of the horrors of his mind. His thoughts create horrors that he will not be able to defend soon. Krell, a much better species, couldn't stop it; it destroyed them. The landing partner has never been interested in me. The rest of the participants are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and it would have been pretty good among the 50's. His father's scare deepens his innocence and the fifties astronauts of the wolves (because they are rather construction workers than real astronauts). They always try to figure out "dames". The chef has a great character, his obsession hooch. The Robbie robot has a lot more personality than most of the team, and one wonders whether Mr Spock may not be literally pointless in the sense of this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is a star. Morbius cannot be reversed and so he is forced to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fictions that are worth more than once; it is one that can reach the coast in the 21st century.
