I think "Anyway ..." is a kick-ass movie. Really. Tom Barman spent years like this and it shows: every scene is polished, has meaning ... I think most agree with it. One thing many people criticize is the "lack" story. I'm afraid this is our traditional storytelling all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with a book that can't be achieved with a movie, what you can achieve with a movie, cannot be achieved by just saying it to friends. The problem is that we are so accustomed to movies, series, ... the simple filmed version of the story; Visual Recording of Events - Just as you watch the news - we expect every movie to have this epic feature: a strong story with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see news, movies, series on television ... very unusual things, once in life. And here, "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not the same "Hollywood big explosion", like a man: fired, a few back, a car stolen ... and of course very ordinary things. And it is strong: we can only appreciate it, the universe, it's art. And I agree, especially, what can only be achieved in films, that the result obtained by scores and photography is central. But I don't like traditional visuals (visual blockers like the Matrix); it serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, every shot you feel about Tom Barman's love in Antwerp and city life. And it doesn't make any sense with this film like "learning" something for us; and he doesn't have a great story to talk about an incredible scenario. He just shows everyday people to everyday life, shows the city, everything with his good and bad sides and says: it's us, it's our city, it's life, we enjoy it. In principle, "Anyway ..." is not only this super-movie, but also a much stronger "message" (it is not explicit, perhaps not even intended) than most movies, how to actually convey the message. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next Barman picture, and everyone is waiting for it so much ...
