Director Douglas Sirk once said that "the distance between high art and trash is very short, and that the madness trash is therefore of a quality closer to art". This statement defines its cinema perfectly, a very unique piece of work that includes classic productions, adventure and war films, western and of course its famous melodies. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were because the very word means music music. The music sets its masterful style to tone and every brush (Sirk was also a painter) strikes a powerful picture on the screened canvas. But it is not life, but its representation, the imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of his generation's leaders used all the technical equipment offered by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to better distinguish artificial reality. Let us remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films turned their attention to social drama (Blackboard Jungle, Rebel without reason). Sirk always knew that the cinema was supposed to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another of Sirk's statements summarizes: “You can't reach real or touch. You just see reflections. When you try your luck in your hands, your fingers will only meet with glass. I do not believe anyone who has seen the wind written to calculate the number of reflections and reflected images. One gets to give up. <br /> <br /> That's why we are in the mirror with a mirror where there is no difference between a real and a false copy. No one can say that Hadley is the real people. This city is also not real where these terrible oil pumps are everywhere. So in this area, it affects operation, the decor is fake, the trick is visible. Everything is pushed slightly out of the border (for example, Dorothy Malone's sexual meanings with the oil tower). Sirk criticized and theorized at the same time. <br /> <br /> The angles are the director's thoughts; Lighting is his philosophy. In "Written by the Wind", we observe the decline of the traditional way of life, both geometrically and in terms of light and shadows. The Hadleys House, with its different levels connected to spiral stairs, acts strictly metaphorically. Mausoleum-like house, which no party can rejoice. As the tragedy progresses from luminous daylight to twilight night, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his symbols and also the colors of their clothes. Drama is thus involved in every element of the director's work. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a "hit" because he bent on the standard material he had been assigned to his style and purpose. An example for the wind is a good example. It wouldn't work in any other hand. <br /> <br /> Another leader who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was the same as Sirk for a melodrama for 50 years of comedy. Their films are full of American life advertising, TVs, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners, emptying and decomposition machines. I tend to think that their contemporary audiences were watching their movies differently. The game was played by both sides, so it was a camp. Now we consider them a "cult" or "weird" because we are no longer those spectators. That's why Todd Haynes's honor "Far from Heaven" becomes a pasty, because he repeats Sirk's work today if nothing happens. Then Sirk turns exactly to the painting that hangs in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener are discussing in the above-mentioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk understood the melodrama elements perfectly. There were always real estates (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here), against which he could concentrate a series of ruptures. His balance through antithesis is remarkable and it is not surprising that we share shared characters because they are Sirk's interests. When Robert Stack travels on the plane and "tempts" Lauren Bacall with all the comforts of the secular world beneath them (the obvious echo of Faustia), we are also fascinated by him as we are when the devilish nymphomaniac sister painfully reminiscent of his past Mitch alone by the river. <br /> <br /> In the Sirk universe, the studio often has no negative effect on "happy purposes". In fact, they worked just fine. Sirk was fond of the Greek tragedy and considered his days to be Deux ex machinea. Thus, the final scene of the courtroom is appropriate and it must be remembered that the whole film is said to be a setback, so we know from the beginning that the tragedy still falls on Hadley feud. <br /> <br /> Many similarities between the wind written and the godfather saga. I totally agree and I am sure that the parallel is not accidental. Both share the head of an old powerful father who is trying to defend his empire for his family. The temperamental son depicted by Robert Stack has an amazing physical resemblance to Jimmy Can's Sonny Corleone. The fight against his sister's friend is symmetrical. The non-son where the old man trusted is common in both films, because both families bear the names of their cities. Even details such as the gate that gives access to real estate, and the surroundings of the house covered with leaves, suggest that Coppola was thinking of the wind during his work. Because both films deal with the power issue: power acquisition, manipulation, and legacy (even Kyle Hadley's sterility, a mess-up event, is an issue that is easily related to the central issue of power, in this case weakness) in sexual power). Another great film about power and using American life as a representation is Citizen Kane. First of all, Welles and Sirk did not think about the similarities of the films, but there are many, starting with the petrol company as a family luck, and ending with Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane, received a tutor who had his father alive. Amazingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) fills both Wayne and Kane. This detail cannot be coincidental. <br /> <br /> Wind written on every aspect of the masterpiece, execution and vision, with style and technique, is the highlight of this wonderful director's career. Some say it's his best film. In my opinion, the "excellent confession", "everything the sky promises", "always tomorrow" and "life imitation" are just as good. And for those who put Sirki on Dallas or Dynasty, they don't want a happy ending.
