I saw this movie at the Chicago Reel Film Festival. To find the remarks of the previous reviewer, the claustrophobic feel and colors of the film seem to me to be quite deliberate and convey a limited space, a drab-architecture, a general drabness that forms the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. The slightly dirty style of a housing project is how I describe it, and so many people live in larger cities. I can't say I know Bucharest, Romania, where the action was opened, but I've been visiting and living in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I studied Russia as a student in the semester, my group had to drag their luggage from the seven stairs of the student dormitory building, knocking on the woman, as the heroine did not work. But I agree with the reviewer that claustrophobia and muted colors, it is superfluous, because there are also beautiful historical buildings, parks, squares located in Bucharest or any historic center of Eastern Europe, and the Bucharest film did not get much material in this film. For me, I am watching the film well with claustrophobia, which I feel during my half-year stay, trapped and limited. (This makes you understand why someone would want to find immigration and a better life, just like people when I hope to escape from a US city ghetto.) <br /> <br /> In the face of homophobia, say: USA, in the 1980s, are these two young women who love each other are forced to keep their love in the very private sector; consequently, they focus on their interaction with the apartment. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, it is remarkable and commendable that this amazing thematic film was made even in Romania, and I think the previous reviewer is complaining about the poor film. quality quite uninformed and patronizing. It is unlikely that the director and producer took a lot of government support and funding for their film, and they did their best with their limited resources. Participants were pretty good and credible; the dialogue was generally well done and I can identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an extra twist to the dark, worrying secret of two young women, Kiki, an energetic and fun-loving free spirit (her admiration and love for abusive, bleeding brother, Sandu) falls in love with Alexandra, bright, passionate and idealistic a young woman who moves to Bucharest to start her college studies. Opponents attract and their personalities seem complementary, although there are some tensions between ambitious, spiritual, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki who seem to have learned their parents. Hiding your love from your parents is considered manageable, although we do not feel any sense it needs, nor do they see or judge other students who are hard to believe and the tension that keeps the secret of their love. accompanied by. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and his difficulties with his relationship with him seriously. But Kiki's love for Alexandra gives him the strength he needs to finally severely displace this debt or? This is what focuses on the formation of a film as a narrative, and I do not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love for "illness" is not love for another woman, but her illegal, incestuous love for her brother. So loving a woman offers a possible treatment for a loving sister. Although this film's feeling is warm and claustrophobic, it is confined to the relationships between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still tempting and observable, so I give it 7.
