On March 27, 1957, at the Academy Award Ceremony, Dorothy Malone won the Best Supporting Actress for her Oscar torrid, the upper uppermost image of a wealthy girl heir. The 1956 Potboiler, adapted from the novel by Robert Wilder, was a true three-round circus that demonstrates alcoholism, greed, impotence, and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance like Marylee Hadley, a lonely rich girl who takes men to hide the pain of rejecting former childhood hugging, represented the film as a whole. A pleasant look even when it comes to the "lowest common denominator" melodrama, WRITTEN ON THE WIND is ultimately the work of one man, incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, ex-World War 2 Weimar left Germany. The European Theater Heritage in Hollywood to pursue a career. <br /> <br /> An extremely erudite man, Sirk, in the 1950s, named the name of Universal Studios, a trustworthy director, a very rich soap opera, especially with Ross Hunter's productions for PERSONAL OBSERVATION, ALL THE HIGHLY AUTHORIZED AND EU IMITATION. Albert Zugsmith, an independent producer, offered Sirk the opportunity to work beyond the limitations of universal frenzy of entertainment and to create a more adult "sensational" product, so WIND and its follow-up, 1957 TARNISHED ANGELS, were both released under the banner of Universal International. This is someone who thinks why Sirk did not follow the loftier themes, but apparently these exaggerated dramas more focused on his artistic sensitivity. WRITTEN WRITTEN Echo soap opera; Indeed, it is so widespread with people's vulnerability and neurosis, as shown by the very wealthy that it is just as vigorous as domestic ransom of every real life among the rich and famous. Robert Stack (who is not usually known for over-emitting) has almost Malone's intensity in offering his weak brother Kyle Hadley, his patriarchal father. When he discovers that he is unable to impregnate his new bride (beautifully Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes to a deep end that is already causing a serious drinking problem with the "secret" fetish of weapons, which threatens him as a human bomb. Both brother and sister, as they are brothers and unlikely, are presented as victims of their past, giving them human quality that makes them less meaningful (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, mainly Bacall and the impossibly beautiful Rock Hudson, the young Hadley old boy -A friend and business partner, a substitute son to an old man and Malone's inaccessible wish.) Despite all the internal dependency on the screen, it's not the story that's memorable here when it's filmed. Director Sirk draws an image for his audience, which is an image composition and editing. - From a tank-like pink Cadillac view that draws a huge mansion from door to luxurious luxury hotel in Miami, which is almost dazzling in their diversity. and dramatic scenes characterize the use of Sirk's sophisticated camera angles, shady lighting and cross-sectional editing, shown to have the greatest impact in a scene where the rebellious, drunken Malone dances in her upstairs bedroom with a high score as she hits her father rising tremendously from the stairs; The scene is so riveting that you swear that you will develop a great octal-like drama. What you are really looking at is the trash bin of an entertaining trash that has come up in a technology color and has been finished by the visual gene.
