I first watched this film in my release in 1987, and it affected emotionally, with a combination of guilt that my fellow citizens could do with innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against a person. Steve Biko's funerals, which the South African hymn played even more lively and difficult, were particularly touching. I have long believed that this film achieved what no one else could do - to open the eyes of the world to what actually happened in South Africa. I consider myself a normal right thinker and I can confirm how this film changed my way of thinking not only to South Africa, but how we perceive black people as white people. I have never seen any difference between any color or religion, but after watching this movie, I physically changed my life and have lived mainly in the black country for the last 17 years and helped many people to rise above their current standard of living and achieve what they shouldn't have possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say is that I've been able to say that in my own small sense I have given and improved balance. But if more people think like myself and DO NOT help black people without looking for a fee, the whole black population of this planet would be a little better. Freedom from beginning to end and not feeling the feeling of pulling your hearts when you know 700 schoolchildren who have died brutally in Sharpville to refuse to learn africans, Steve Biko's senseless murder, as a fighter for his own people's rights, ultimately realize that everything it's not just a movie, though it's great, but it all happened in reality and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and see if you can go out later and the party hard. I couldn't. I was too familiar with knowing the truth. This is the hallmark of an excellent movie. Obviously, Sir Richard Attenborough was about to get this message about South Africa. Of course he has achieved this. If you have no support for apartheid. God help you.
