With a great movie. I admit that it is very ambitious, with a theme. Just over two and a half hours it's a very long film. But neither of them is in any way wrong. Cry Freedom is a powerful, moving and persuasive film, despite a small defect, that speaks of black activist Steve Bikost in his struggles to awaken the horrors of apartheid in South Africa. It is true that the first half is stronger than the other in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the film carries too much Woods, which is not enough for Biko. I may be wrong, but even though it is Biko's story, it's about Woods' perspective, so Woods is an important figure in transmitting Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom looks amazing. It was a visual party to stop the exhibition with cinematography and the stunning South African landscape. Especially opening scenes were perfectly captured. George Fenton's music brought real dramatic weight to most scenes. It was on the other side of the scenes with subtle but crowd scenes mixing and dramatically. The script was of exceptional quality, Biko's court scenes were enough for you to think it was true quality. In Biko's first half, with the main emphasis, there was always something emotional, be it the attack on police of South African citizens or Biko's death. On the other side, concerning Donald Woods, there are fewer emotional strokes, but it is compensated by how it is done, made and written. And there are also parts that are really arresting. <br /> <br /> The performances were extraordinary between the cast, the smallest character and the two leaders, no bad performance. Regardless of the accents that are, but it's so easy to forgive how many performances you bring in. Denzel Washington, with one of his underrated performances, gives a truly compelling result when Biko and Kevin Kline show that he can be as good a drama as he is in comedy because he gave Washington a suitable result. And the chemistry of the two men is plausible and will never hit the lie. Penelope Wilton is lovely when Donald's wife Wendy, and she's still a great actor. Supporting presentations, and there may be some prejudices, two stood out for me. One was Timothy West, who enjoys his role as Captain DeWet. The second was always extraordinary with John Thaw's brilliantly cool Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough's direction is determined and constantly sensitive, as usual. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a really wonderful movie. Ambitious and long it is, but never more convincing, powerful and painful. Winner Richard Richard Attenborough and much more to be praised. 10/10 Bethany Cox
