CRY FREEDOM is a great plot for those looking for just a few hours to review the cruelty of apartheid. Well-known director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly not a stranger to the genre, and the co-operation between real Mr. and Mrs. Woods, who are the main white characters of their book and film, gives CRY FREEDOM authenticity. The video that is now released will actually last just over 2 and a half hours, as 23 minutes of extra material was inserted to make it into two parts of the movie. Although the extra length helps to increase the forgiveness of the film: uneven development of character and especially the creation of stereotypes, another possible mistake (demanding the fate of white characters with African ones) can be strong. Looking at CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film (as I think it should be based on its artistic value), there is a story that Africans blacks know only too well, although the younger generation can now see it in full effect for the film. . White has always been the target of the film and the book, hopefully changing them. Now, twelve years after the movie, CRY FREEDOM is a more interesting film to watch in many ways. Almost ten years after the black majority rule, at least theoretically implemented, the 1987 CRY FREEDOM ideals remain great and unrealized. That is why white South Africans, especially the younger ones, who have heard these activities and received the messages of the film, remain essential. In contrast to the American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, the struggles of South Africans have been spoken by only two or three: CRY FREEDOM, CRY BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, read it twice when you add it) and SARAFINA (do I miss one?). All three dramas also feature American and British actors in both white and black. No South African actor has played a big role, white, colorful, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biopsy appeared after the black majority was introduced, MANDELA played Black American (Sidney Poitier, who also played in the primary SA CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), while Afrikaner DeKlerkit played (Bald) very British Michael Caine, good performance if you can reject the essence of the Afrikanerdom is brutal anti-British feelings. As long as local SABC TVs and African films begin to deal with their heritage, CRY FREEDOM is about as authentic as you can. Like the white (especially the African ones) depicted in the film, any attentive (non-casual) South African visitor, even now in 1999, not to mention 1977, when CRY FREEDOM is going, is usually white attitudes towards black people who are restrained, even underestimated . Looking back at CRY freedom, it is amazing that reconciliation can happen at all and that is. However, many people in CRY FREEDOM have not yet changed much and the goal of black African freedom and reconciliation is still ongoing. Because you are a beginner, CRY FREEDOM is your best introduction.
