In some ways, Kriemhild's anger transcends Siegfried's death, but also loses some of its size. Its plot is more uniform than the first, which is quite amazing. The other side of the actual poem is much slower and much harder to pass until you reach the climatic battle scenes; only Iliad is better. Lang and Harbou decorated the honey. The Nibelungenlied poet-compiler did not know his right ball Hun and as a result they are more or less the same as the traditional Burgundians. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is the main concern of Kriemhild because Rudiger tries to convince him to marry), when he arrives in Hunland, the first thing he does is go to the mass. Hunts are clearly the Gentiles here; they are almost like a caveman. Their depiction is fun, especially verbal, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzeli's character has been given more weight. He's a lot more frightening. All he does is his destiny in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are masterful in building a temporary building, especially in the banquet hall, which is linked to a verbal second performance with amazing effects. However, as is the case with poems, the amazing technical achievements of this film are mostly lost in this respect, except for the dazzling sequence where the Etzel Hall burns with Nibelung. One thing I have to resist is how Harbou ends. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand was hit by Hagen and Gunther, they were imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where his horde are hidden. He refuses, and he himself puts his brother down. If Hagen still refuses, he will withdraw. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusting that a woman assumes that she will kill a great warrior to destroy her, calling her "Devil Woman." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something stupid: "Ah me!" I understand why they would like to keep the time and place unity because Hildebrand brings them to the castle; keeping two deaths in prisons would make the film very unattractive. I also understand why they didn't have Hildebrand to kill Kriemhild: his character is much smaller here; his name is mentioned only once. But in order for Kriemhild to kill himself by accepting Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, it is simply to cater to the audience, not to challenge them. The poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes beyond what should be an area of ​​pure evil. Here we just die for his lost love. It's not that interesting.
