Absolutely fun and amazingly human story of jealousy and infidelity surrounding the marriage of the beet, Russian animation director Wladyslaw Starewicz "The Operator of Kinematograficheskogo" ("The Revenge of a Cameraman" or "The Revenge of a Cinematographer Cameraman") is a joy from the beginning with a very effective stop-motion puppet girl and lack of imagination . <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetleel are a completely tireless marriage and both want more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's wish can only be met by the beautiful exotic dancer "Gay Dragonfly" in the night club he visits when he takes the "business trip" to the city. He's the only one who understands him. This dancer's companion, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous of the fact that Mr Beetle has stolen his lady and when destiny does, he is also a film operator. The scary grasshopper follows the hotel room of Mr. Beetle and his familiar hotel, where he is filming his exploits through a keyhole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Mrs Beetle has a friend to add to her life. She is an artist and she brings her artwork before both are on the sofa with some intimacy. At this point, Mr. Beetle returns home and knows the whole spectacle. Like Mr Beetle's pool through the door, the artist's chimney punishes him, but he can't escape his anger and frustration without first beating Mr Beetle. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and carries a movie." He is generous enough to forgive him, but he was only a few minutes earlier unreliable. At this point, we have still not forgotten the jealous filmmaker who had drawn his revenge, and it is not surprising when he turns out to be a filmmaker when he and Mrs. Beet are involved. Suddenly, the film they enjoyed was a film about Beetle's infidelity, and an angry woman hits her with an umbrella head before the scared and angry husband dives on the screen while looking for grasshoppers. > <br /> In the last scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beet, who are now more proud of each other, will be in jail for a fire that broke out when Mr Beetle searched for his final revenge. We really hope that "the life of beetles at home will be less exciting in the future?" This film may seem like a story about the arrival of a little insect species, but Starewicz has so much more to communicate with. This is not a story about beetles? this is a story for us. And it's surprisingly accurate, isn't it?
