For animators, this is imperative, but even the general audience enjoys CAMAMAMA, which is a very early example of "grinding" by the hard-working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his assistants manipulated this story by talking about the pain of flexible insect design, paving the way for Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen, and legions of creators of modern digital effects. <br /> <br /> CAMAMAMAN'S RESULTS are only about 10 minutes long, but pack a lot of fun details, as the story follows two beetle-loved adventures from their home nightclub, hotel, cinema and finally jail. The nightclub has two short dance numbers (a frog and a dragon), a beetle and a grasshopper slip and a big cinema cinema ending in flames with the projector. Pretty complicated events of 1912, even when John Bray and Winsor MacCay just started, and Walt Disney was still in the classroom! <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to note what the effect of changing this on the silent movie title cards can be a telling story. I've seen two versions of this movie that are offered by two video companies, and I watched them upside down, and while the content of the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertexts speak of two very different stories. (And the plot of the plot, as described above, tells a third story that there is another version.) The British Film Institute's publication, which has rhyming intertitles, speaks of two sister beetles, each secretly married, hiding it information from each other to inherit your late father's happiness. The second, Russian edition, tells a simple story about married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Beetle visits her girlfriend "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, while in the English version, Brother Bill Beetle visits his wife's music hall. Personally, I prefer a simple - and spicier - Russian story; The BFI version tries to cram too much plot, which should be a simple story, and some rhymes are a bit uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Still, in any move, CAMAMAMAN'S RESULT is a delightful film and would make it the ideal result of this second big animated work with beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
