Mary Pickford often said that Tess Skinner was the role of her favorite film. Well said! He played this part twice and, in the version he made himself, he had to buy not only Adolph Zukor's rights, but also gave him the main title of the film. Needless to say, his role in this role has been the most won. Indeed, in my opinion, the film itself appreciates the greater experience of the silent cinema ever. but in Robertson's skillful hands, this effect is not only important but probably more effective. The first-time creative artist Robertson is the master of tempo, camera corners and assembly. He has also naturally performed well with all his players. Jean Hersholt, who is doing hard, is so harshly reluctant, it is hard to believe that it is the same man kindly as Dr. Christian; Lloyd Hughes is making his career one of the best actors. True, this is probably not as Mrs White intended, but it will serve the plot perfectly, otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the sling spent the fortune, but did not make the slightest attempt to determine who actually shot the gun that killed her future female brother ! Needless to say, this heroic quality of the hero is downgraded by Jack Ging in the 1960s bowdlerized version, which also completely erases the author's dirty attack on cunning, middle-class Christianity. Note how a well-washed priest at this point is going twice or surprisingly during a break, but then does not make any effort to help our happy little hero to perform the tasks he himself had allegedly organized. In fact, it is a very moving scene because it is so realistic. <br /> <br /> Tess also gives an overview of the work of another great actor, Gloria Hope, whose work was limited to a silent cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life fully to her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but lived until 1976, easily in contact with Pasadena, but I bet someone could not interview him. Another way to lose! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson only made a medium impression as a Skinner. I thought he was a little uneven and a brief look at his filmography proves this: He usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence as usual was great. <br /> <br /> Generally it is an expensive product with beautiful photography and excellent product values.
