Had it been the original version of STORM COUNTRY TESS in 1914 (which also represents Mary Pickford), I would have appreciated this much higher because such extreme melodrama and sentimentality were quite typical for teenagers. But in 1922 this film started to show its age. Compared to many other Pickford movies (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS comes up for a short time - and not every Pickford movie deserves 10 (even if it was "American sweetheart"). that this is a bad movie - it's not sure. But I just don't see how many people have given this movie 10. <br /> <br /> The film has a very long and complicated plot - especially because most of the movies in the era were shorter The rich old crank builds a mansion next to the river by the river, at the bottom of the hill there are some dirty people who hate, but whom he can't lift out, so he's trying to find ways to take them off the ground. killed by the boy's peace. The man charged with the murder is dear to old Mary's father, even though he is innocent. a man who is expecting to be executed, and a pregnant woman is afraid to tell her holy father that she is "in a family way". There's a lot more to this movie, like a crank boy that falls in love with Mary, but it's best to see a movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The film is different in some ways. The plot, although very complex, is also quite interesting and cinematography is top notch. The very last scene is also pretty cute. However, there are so many open sentimentality that can be practically cut with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so funny, sometimes the viewer can find it a little hard to take. Although it worked great in 1922 (making him the world's biggest star), it is now dated. This does not apply to all of his films, but it is definitely. <br /> <br /> By the way, image entertainment DVDs are of good quality, although some scenes are badly deteriorated - something that is not very surprising given the age of the movie. There are also only appendixes for short filmography.
