Madhur Bhandarkar manages this film, which should reveal the lifestyle of rich and famous people while providing comments on the integrity of the press. <br /> <br /> Party of Celebrities endlessly, they like to see these parties, and get proper exposure in the media. In fact, the film should keep in mind that this exposure changes celebrities from social people and the newspapers have a big hand in it. The IMO has much more synergy between celebrities and media, and it's "I need you, you need me". But the media needs more celebrities, not the other way around. In any case, the social column (newspaper p. 3) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma is thrown into this milieu of constant celebration. He is shown as this celebrity maker, very popular in social gatherings. He has a good friend with gay Abhijeet and a fighting model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). Is he an air-conditioned room? Sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and struggling actor - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The newspaper editor is Boman Iranian and the fireband winner reporter is playing at Atul Kulkarni. There are almost too many deviations and signs in the film, but it works at a certain level. The rich are mostly on the rotten core, the movie biz showed that it is a max that has been cast with couch scenarios, the exploitation of power, the exposure of the hungry media. All this is layered in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that does not seem to be related to story or plot, rampant drug use, pedophilia, police death. Considering this Pearl's desire to become a super-rich husband, a social girl who lives in a car in a sexual meeting with smiling women seems to be in a benign manner. <br /> <br /> The film has a superb action with Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarn has almost no role? sorry in my opinion. But supporting cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). It saves the movie for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites more than he can chew or process to celluloid and makes the movie free for everyone. I want him to be focused on one or two aspects of the disease of society and have studied them more effectively. He threatens social exploitation but still uses all of the masala ingredients needed to succeed. We have a commodity number in the Bollywood theme event, stunned kids dancing perfectly to win the choreographic dance of the West. I hope the next Madhur Bhandarkar dares to tilt even more of the stereotypical components of Hindi films. The film is a brave (albeit faulty) effort that is definitely worth it.
