Page 3 is one of the films Madhur Bhandarkar makes to uncover social slag. The film is convincing, but like most Bhandarkar films, it is one-sided and too pessimistic. This film talks about tabloid press, rumors, celebrities. The film reveals the life of the socialists, whose lifestyle is catastrophic, peculiar and repulsive. They half, they care about something other than fame, they are planning a funeral at the funeral, they want more money and a higher reputation, they do something to get the media in proper contact, to get their names in a bold printed daily newspaper social column, known as "Page 3" with big photos at the heart of people's discussions. They are catching the eye, pleasing and hypocritical. The film industry is considered to be slippery, with filmmakers being a common sofa. From here, our lovely heroine, young social column reporter Madhvi Sharma, is thrown away. All these people in Mumbai elite depend on his articles and he is the right person to become a friend in these parties if you want to mention you in your article. Later on, we learn in the film that even those who are Madhvi's friends are not very different from those in society. It was a tough look for me, although the film is indisputably bold and the issues involved are interesting. <br /> <br /> Movie music is average. The only satisfying songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala" by two melodies, Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. One song that was particularly horrible is "Filmy Very Filmy". Writing a movie is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first, as it becomes more factual and reveals much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. There's a movie to be praised there. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes and the disappointment of Konkona Sen Sharma's character was very simple. He was great throughout the film and his recent scenes were particularly impressive. The part of Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he did give him complete justice. Boman Irani is sure to be the newspaper editor. Sandhya Mridul is lovable as Madhvi's sassy roommate Pearl, who is married to an older man and is honest to admit it. The end of the movie is really well done and relieves the restlessly difficult procedure. Page 3 is a good film, it is interesting and at times moving, but its level of interest and overall quality is violated by its exaggerated, too dirty and negative rich and famous image.
