When visiting Romania with her CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a pretty talented high school quarter, considered to be a savior to finally lead her teams to victory over Simpson, a possible palm-reader (..) Romania, people are not allowed many books, so so he took a palm reading) so he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, don't make any appointments .. you're busy."). Well, who would be hell .. The tone is actually bitten and his life would have changed forever. After his father's death in an accident with his bomb shelter (!) In an odd situation (burning his werewolves son in a metal shelter inside is not a very good idea, especially if the ball does not leave room and bounces around like a pinball went berserk), Tony travels through the earth for an endless year until he is tired of packing and returns for decades (..and many US presidents) later hopefully lead his football team to win Simpson ... the task he gave up long ago. What was once a very white, clean section, has indeed become a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To understand what is similar to the Full Moon high school dance party in the early 1980s, think about Studio 54 for teenagers. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen's parody of werewolves flicks, including cramps, tributes and jokes. My favorite sequences include a single-sex class in which Tony discovers his 80s transformation of his werewolves and an introductory event for Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen), most likely the worst psychiatrist. His task of talking to a jumper is that two men fall off the balcony ... a jumper and a firefighter (trying to talk about it first), so they refute Brand! The brand even tries to sign Tony's donation of science to science so that he can get his wife's fur! On Kenneth Mars I had a horse as a homosexual football coach (..and later in the 80s as prime minister) who loves his players behind. This is the scene where Tony has unloaded the classical truth into the sex class. The film is loaded with inspired election choices .. just filled with funny characters and cast interpretations like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military shot that actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy, standing next to his picture in a bomb shelter. always talks about comedies), Joanne Nail, who today is Ricky's eye-catching eyes, who drops a werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (blue blue) as a mousy, nerdy sexually molested (.. and molester) teacher who finds attractiveness to Tony. James Dixon as Deputy (.. his big scene has stolen him a line from his police commander who talks to Dr Brand, who is about to remember himself), Roz Kelly as Jane, an unforgettable devotee who only wants Tony to constantly ask him would be destroyed, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's long palm, and now the police chief, who only got Jane after his friend's departure. J Bullock cannot be forgotten because Flynn is a closed gay boy who is trying to sit in school, hoping to find fun results. <br /> <br /> I like how the movie respects the werewolf genre, for example, if it is heroes, they are often written like Jack Nipper because he likes to burn his victims on the cheek ... and I'm not talking about the face. He saw more than annoyance as a threat. Carrie and Psycho tributes are nice and the violin is also fun. Cohen captures so many zingers in the viewer, and finally has to be held. Obviously in such a comedy, every joke does not hit that sign, but many do it. The cast makes it worthwhile. The film seems cheap to the typical budget of Larry Cohen. Notice the 50th scene, where obvious old cast members who show up on the road wear striking wigs. Loved Adam in leadership. This is the perfect foil for the following paws and Zingers, to whom he will release the Cohen script. Film moves quickly, rarely breathing. I liked this horror comedy more than most seem.
