I'm not kidding for this summary and vote! Video distributors have packed it into just another typical 80's werewolf movie, but in fact it is the most scary parody you can imagine by making a movie that "Blazing Saddles" did for the West. I have seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (usually not walked unprpressed), and I think comedy must be the hardest genre for filmmakers and actors - it's just right to touch things to be successful and some of them good ideas. "Full Moon High" despises good ideas - so much, in fact, that it can easily put shame on the Zucker / Abrams "Lennuk" and "Naked Gun". One of the best is Ed McMahon's presence in the John Birch-style right-hand crackpot. Jokes, non-descendants, wisecracks, and word games are literally non-stop, and everything, including the kitchen sink, is thrown away. The iron tone is very similar to "Back to the Future". <br /> <br /> Some people (that is, almost every reviewer here) must be turned off by anarchy spirit, but I almost died of laughter, and this is one of the films in which you never know what the sudden situation will change . Since B-movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen hadn't done this straight comedy before, he gets the feeling that he has lost time adding any jokes he or his associates might think. If Mel Brooks had done this, the critics would have labeled it as a comic book, but since Cohen did, it was broken. Critical reviews have also called this film "foolish". SILLY? What should be comedy - serious?! Anyway, I laughed at this movie more than anything I think. Cohen makes everyone entertained - including himself - by referring to his usual small-scale film-making brand; he and the participants must have this complete explosion. <br /> <br /> Humor is very much Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or who is watching many B movies (especially horror) loves it. Trust me: it's not too hard to find a movie and as long as you agree with what it is - a belly roller laughs without any social value - then you really enjoy it! <br /> <br /> One sidenote: this film should somehow go down in history, because one thing Bob Saget once played (albeit briefly) was actually funny.
