I don't know why people except for the many low-budget indie movies, but I enjoyed it because I'm a city horror fan. There are not too many movies of fear of the city, so when I saw it on the shelf, only the title came alone with my curiosity. So I decided to review it and I was surprised ... it wasn't too often a small budget indie horror movie with a great effect and a good story. Is this a small budget? yes. Can you say that this is a small budget? Yeah ... but when you start watching this movie, it's a story that doesn't matter. I also like hip-hop music and the sound is nice! I don't know what that movie's about all those bad comments. Everything I hear is "the worst movie ever". Do these idiots see ALL the movie from there? There are thousands of movies, how can you classify it as "the worst"? A video that is not a "movie" like "zombiez" can be the worst movie I ever saw, but I can't say it's the worst movie EVER because I haven't seen every movie there. The bottom line of the people who gave the bad reviews of this movie is probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you don't like urban games based on national minorities, ghettos, hip-hop, etc. knowing that you don't like this type of thing? Of course, this is a horror film, but it's not just a horror movie, it's a URBAN horror movie with multicultural pain. I don't like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or O.C. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK me. I'm a man from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can't communicate with them. They don't interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I never look GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's a sequel to torture you again after the first suck so bad and I HEART HUCKABORING. Now, back to the movie about the above mentioned saint405 comment, I don't know if this man smoked cracks or if his drunk father had been "stupid" before he watched the movie, but to me, everyone did a great job. An actor who played Ricky (I forgot my name) did a great job. I am an aspiring actor who works in my own school with a theater and I had to play where I had to cry and it was not easy to be emotional in the scene, so I give the requisites to the actors who have to make the emotional scene off. Anywho, I liked this movie and never heard those participants and directors ever before, but you predict that I'll look at their stuff now and when they read it, SEE THE SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee's Representative!
