Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come to play and even the boys in DA's can not stop them. This low-budget, direct-video production seems timed to coincide with the release of the dead body, the last installment of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The Getto setup and the hip-hop soundtrack can provide an additional appeal to in-town whore actions. Ricky (Carl Washington) works in a medical research facility while raising his son Brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager who was eating the macro and cheese dinners in their home building, spent the street with friends Marco and Kev. Apparently, Afro-American high school dropouts do not have much to do on this cool side, except for dealing with drugs and scams, including competing with the Latino gang bangers. Ricky plans to sell his later parent's house and move to the inland Castro valley, a middle-class and probably safer environment. Unfortunately, before it happens, Jermaine leaves on the veranda driving. Ricky tried the last despair. He says Scotty, his lab assistant, steals some of the test cell recovery formula they've tested in rats. If the double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But the funny thing happens to the morgue. The boy is routed as a sputtering, crumbling zombie, looks at the ambulance drivers and stays at night, bending for revenge and hunger for fresh meat. Feeding madness infects more victims, and before the night, the East Bay battleground between living and bleeding Undead. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Bandin. But low budgets don't necessarily mean bad movies. Think of Val Lewton programmers (cat people, Leopard man, dead islands), Roger Corman Store Store, Romero Living Dead Night and John Carpenter Halloween. The difference between memorable and terrible is more related to talent and ambition than money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than the hundreds of millions of dollars in recent high-priced horrors. Cheap has its own charms. In really cheap movies, the actors wear their clothes in real conditions. There are freshly painted walls in neutral matt tones in the cottage houses that give distress to both the oppressive and Douglas Sirk's 50th-century citizen melodrama. Lines seem more improvised than scripts. "What the hell are we doing now?" "Just keep your eyes open for every F N 'that looks ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss who calls the name of the former soldier Romero. "I have a big bitch with a problem that we need to take care of quickly." "No problem," says merc, closing his phone and grabbing his weapons. Everyone has weapons, and even if they fight zombies, are they their cell phones, like who is not nowadays? Information is exchanged with a naturalist underestimation. "What happened?" "We got it with some crazy mother." "Deja F N 'vu. It's the park's zombie again. ..." "Ricky must even hit his funny girlfriend by saying," He's got out of hand. "Unlike most zombie movies, it gives some motivation. Jermaine commands a revenge on him who shot him, who in turn continues to rumble. This is making city films that require his social comment, almost immigration, which refers to the future of a low budget horror that reflects real life Instead of supernatural clichés, Brothers Quiroz, who have carried their name as a brand in anticipation of a new movement, can inspire others to talk about personal experience, not the tired Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made cheap but technically acceptable features for people, Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job done, the music of Eduardo Quiroz is not easier than the haunted Halloween theme of Carpenter and the hip-hop songs The Darkroom Familia and others add to the atmosphere, the result is promising, if not very inspiring. Lewis and Wood, who doesn't ever better, their next may be one.
