"Competition" pictures have been around since the beginning of the film. Almost completely black movies have made separated Poverty Row studios (more often than Caucasians) for ghetto theaters. With the growing urban dungeon of the 1970s, this idea was restored to a wave of urban blaxploitation images that covered black actors and a funky atmosphere over traditional B-film plots. This trend also spread to horror functions like headlines such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill, serving monster standards. And it didn't die by closing most of the city theaters? it just slowed down to the video era and continues with low budget direct DVDs like this one. Ed and Jose Quiroz's live dead hood will accept the recent popularity of the hero films for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is an Oakland young scientist who tries to keep his older brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) in trouble after his parents die. After drug dealers shoot from Jermaine, Ricky decides to use the experimental cellular regeneration formula he has worked on to save teenage life. Apparently his efforts are insignificant and the body of Jermaine is taken away. But does the body never make it dead? Jermaine revives the coronary age of a meat-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then the gang killed after him spreads the zombie infection wherever he goes. Having heard of Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) on the gangsters attack, Ricky knows that the only thing to do is catch Jermaine and cover the whole thing before he and his associate Scott (Chris Angelo) they are arrested for the chaos they cause. But they will soon find that the infection spreads too fast to check them quickly. Keeping things simple, the Quiroz team will be able to create a fun little horror function without having to move where things look. Along the way, they also add some interesting businessmen. When the zombie comes into contact for the first time, Scott Ricky says, "Let him head like in the movies!" ? effective as any way to detect zombies. Additional twist is added when the first headache does not kill the brain, adding to the audience's anxiety. Another good idea is that the soundtrack uses only a small amount of Eminem's sub-style rap that is always in the usual "horrible" music.
