most of the bad comments on this website blame the "living body" for one (or more) reason: 1) it is a low budget film with no practical action; 2) It was so bad that I laughed at me 3) This is something I could do myself. I'm not even talking about the first point because it is a very subjective question whether you like low budget and independent things or not. However, I must say that I still do not understand the people who rent such a film "Dead of life" and then look surprised when they realize that it is not as polished and cute as romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really don't see what laughs so wrong. I personally want to laugh and love movies that make me be, be they comedies or horrors. In "Hammerhead" I saw that girl stepped into PUDDLE and the shark-man came to eat it, I just cracked. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Frankly, laughing just makes you feel good, but it seems that many people who write comments see it as halban. If you only want to feel sad and fearful while watching a movie, "Life is Dead" and low budget flicks are definitely for you. But please don't come and tell us you find them ridiculous. We already know that. This is probably why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, this is the third point that makes it completely confusing. Just a few years ago, people were out of theaters to see the "Blair Witch Project", which is a more primitive, boring, plot-and-poorly-acting film than the "hood of the living dead" (and takes the road itself seriously). In addition, every day, half a million people go to YouTube to see Lonelygirl15 short films, which is definitely for everyone with a cute girlfriend, room and webcam! Don't talk about all the more amateur videos you can find there. Why don't people blame these clips for bad behavior and a non-existent plot? I think it is one of the best things of our time that anyone with affordable technology and a number of friends can make their own movies and share them with people with similar interests. And I feel some admiration for people who spend their weekends with their friends, instead of honestly bad (yet refreshing) trash than shopping in the mall or playing video games alone. Leave your prejudices and the desire to want to attack b-movies as a smart film critic, and you will see that "The Dead Hood of Life" can bring you almost as much fun as those who did it! If you have a taste of refreshing and enjoyable home-made horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "Edendale Ghost", "Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Don't Look In The Basement", "The Worst Horror Film Ever Made", "Redneck Zombies" , "Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer" and "Habit".
