This little vision is a messy and upside down giallo. He shifts some clichés of the genre and adopts a relaxed approach. It's about a woman who is looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who has obviously disappeared. His search leads him to the villa where a group of eccentric people live. In a real giallo style, murder is never far away. <br /> <br /> Cast is really pretty good. We have Aldofo Cell (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (nine-tailed cat) and very young Sybil Danning (80's queen of queen). The leading actor is Rosemary Dexter, and although I don't know her, she does a good job of managing the picture. <br /> <br /> One of the most outstanding features of Labyrinth is his music. Atypically giallole is a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. The score from Roberto Nicolos is reminiscent of Miles Davis, especially his quiet work. This is a great soundtrack and really gives this film a different feeling than most gialli. The fusion brings out a thin atmosphere and congratulates the sunny, seaside landscape that the film mostly consists of. Well, this movie is a bit short in this respect. It is certainly not missing from them, but they are little and far away. An open dream-murder is probably the best offer and a memorable burning car kit. But this is not really a particularly violent film. However, I do not think it should be disappointed by the many experienced fans of the genre. The mystery is quite convincing and has enough eccentric characters (the idiot boy Saro and the one who is uncomfortably inappropriate accent?) And the odd moments to satisfy; while the slip factor has adapted to all nudity. suspicion of murder; we have mandatory setbacks describing their relationships (extremely insecure) with the last hours of the murder victim. While this is not an example of the genre of the A-Class, it is definitely different because it does not take up too much of a sub-genre from other films. Giallo enthusiasts give my thumb and hope that one day it will be a nice DVD transmission. It definitely deserves to be treated.
