I haven't seen the original "incredible journey" because I was a kid so I can't really compare these two versions. This version speaks of three animals, two dogs and a cat whose owners leave them with their friends in rural areas when their family father has to work in San Francisco. Pets, believing they have been abandoned, escaped and erected on a long homeland journey through the desert. <br /> <br /> This story can be most easily filmed as a comic, but both versions are actually live movies made with real animals. One big difference is that in a later version, the animals speak of people's voices, giving each of them their own personality, something that was not made in the original film. (The device for similarly spoken animals has also been used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes". Some critics are quite outraged by the use of this device, but I think that creating animal distinctive personalities helps to strengthen the film rather than weaken it. The animals sounded big stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are male and their relationship is parallel to many people in "friends of friends" movies. Shadow, the Golden Retriever, is a wise, experienced senior dog; The chance that the younger is dirty, bright and impulsive. For British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but it is actually an American bulldog, probably the second British relative. A cat is a cat with a very primary and right personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her rather bigger than just a dog. ("Cat rule, dogs flee!"). <br /> <br /> From an adult perspective, the film has several errors; it can be sentimental, some incidents (such as where animals are able to access the mountain residue) are quite incredible and human characters are completely forgotten. However, this is a film that is primarily aimed at children and I suspect they enjoy it enormously. Be sure to make any animal loving child do it. (Some professional critics, such as James Berardinelli's comments, complaining that animal voices reduced the size of the film, only reinforce my view that professional critics are not always the best guidelines for children's films. About Homeward Bound focuses on its supposed size). One thing adults appreciate is the California Sierra Nevada Mountain Photography. They can also understand the blend of humor and excitement in the movie because the escaped pets are in the desert, such as bears, mountain remains, and rot glands. This is a very enjoyable family film. 7/10
