This comment contains a spoiler! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have intangible for them. This innate quality is a combination of charisma, panache and swagger. This is a quality that can really separate the great actors. I think George Clooney has this and Jack Nicholson. You can look at Clooney's fine touches in scenes like his one-word say goodbye to Andy Garcia's Ocean 11 when they announce each other's names only in contempt. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose some of Jack's performances that go back to five simple pieces to the canteen, just a few good men and his courtroom interrogation scene. These guys just are. You can add Denzel Washington to small and exclusive actors who have this terrible feature in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive outlines in Siege for his impressive respect for Malcolm X's Spike Lee movie of the same name, you will see that there is no finer actor today. I do not mention all this to suggest that Man On Fire is perfect only because of Denzel's work, but he is definitely a thrust of production. I was literally mesmerized with some raw, emotional, and flaming scenes at the same time. He's pretty much hit because he's frustrated with managing his life. She has killed and maybe done things that are best left untold and has made her a hardened and bitter man. His friend and perhaps a mentor, who was very reserved by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico, making a very comfortable life by providing body protection services for the rich. Obviously, the Mexican kidnapping business is so viable that these former S.E.A.L. Creasey needs a job and accepts work with a well-functioning family who seems to be in financial trouble. Marc Anthony is good if Samuel, Radha Mitchell is sexy sexy, as her husband Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just incredibly perfect as Pita. I don't know how a child of your age can have so much to play with the signs he does, but his interpretation of Pita is not worth Oskar. The first half of the movie depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if the role was a weaker actor, perhaps the emotional synergy would not have been so short. But Fanning is not remarkable in this role. <br /> <br /> This is the relationship between Pita and Creasy, leading this movie to the top of the cinema. Together, they are perfect and there is a real bond between them. Tony Scott drives frantic speed and his eye for visual burning has never been better. I'm interested in how his next movie Domino comes out. I think Scott is one of today's leaders and more movies like this, his name is definitely an icon. <br /> <br /> The story is really powerful for Psyl and vis-ca versa. There is a strong link between the two and maybe it is because Pita loves her father, she is not much. He is a philanthropist and probably has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy Pitat will take a swim. She reads her bedtime and calls her "teddy bear" Creasy. It's not just their friendship, it's more of a kinship and deep parental love seems to exist. The film changes the move when Pita is kidnapped and held for ransom and Creasy is almost deadly injured, trying to protect her. This is the place where the story becomes thick and mature when the pieces of the plot get loose like onions. And this is where Denzel gets the tour de force. As I said earlier, I have seen Denzel performs outstanding performances in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen it. He is a man who has the chance that Pita is dead, literally becoming a human. She talks to her when she hunts and feeds her brand. Denzel's anger and embarrassment are all-encompassing and not easily erasable when he hunts any person responsible for Pita's violation. It's all fair, as the Mexican authorities always seem to be one step away. <br /> <br /> What is cruel to this movie is that there are few movies that actually give criminals their fire. I am often disappointed to watch movies where bad guys are released. They create all kinds of torture for the whole film and then take the ball and die. But not in this movie. The writer, Brian Helgeland, sees that the charge here is unambiguous and painful. The criminals here know Creasy's anger and experience the torture he fires. There is nothing unpleasant about his justice brand. He needs information and someone loses his finger. He wants to answer and the home bomb is placed in places designed for other things. There are no pulls here and this is one of the real strengths of the movie. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the top five films of the year 2004. to get SE. It is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and various commentary stories. 10/10
