When I remember the previews of this movie and don't think much about it. It was almost one of those movies when you see a preview, its stunning, and when it comes out, you don't hear anything and leave it completely lost and your memory doesn't fix it. Man On Fire was one of those films. I was once curious about renting and I decided to take it home, my cherished Blockbuster rental in my hands. I watched it and saw such a beautiful movie. It's like no other ... drama and action to create something amazingly remarkable. Tony Scott's filmmaking is very well done and unique, unlike the other film. Subtitles can explain something without listening to the actual votes, and the music is very intriguing for it. I got into this movie and bought it as soon as I got out of the household and went to Best Buy. I've been watching it several times. Denzel Washington (Creasy) is doing an amazing job of getting a former special power with no lost reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts her life back for her paltry love. They bind and become good friends until they are abducted by notorious gangsters, part of brotherhood, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning that he is killing killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person who becomes. He uses his contacts for Pita robbery and Creasy hospitalization to find one of the men and start his activities. My favorite line in this movie is when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "a man is a work of art, something he does ... cooking, whatever. Creasy is death ... he's about to paint his masterpiece." plays a very unique creasy old partner and friend. Finally, La Hermandad's leader, The Voice, followed his brother. Creasy organizes a meeting to trade with Pita with her and Voice's brother. Finally, Creasy dies before shooting and his wound is infected and massive blood loss. It is a very sincere and sad ending, but great. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable flick. The story is deep, everything is explained from beginning to end and in no way in any way.
