- Mexican abandonment is as common as honey, which gives me my phone numbers, so if you are rich, you need a good bodyguard to keep you and your children safe. The couple hires their skinny boy Pita to protect the washed bodyguard Creasy. First of all, their relationship is then buggy, but after a while Creasy will ease the girl and both develop their father / daughter relationship. One day, Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is badly injured in this process. When he wakes up, he discovers that the girl has been killed because of the ransom negotiations that went wrong and that it sets Creasy on the road to find the men responsible for his death and make sure they are brought to his fairness mark. > <br /> -If you watch this movie, keep Tylenol with you because you have to watch it. I really love the story from here to the extreme to get revenge, because most movies usually just want revenge, but they really never go far, where this movie shows how far a person can go, what he thinks is right. The only problem is the irritating visual style that makes you hate a movie or hate Tony Scott. I am very sorry for the operator because I am sure he came to think of this movie that he is going to film an action film and probably all got excited, but he was stuck as a filmmaker DP who feels the whole movie should look like it is possessed by demons. I wouldn't have thought if a dirty vision was limited to a few activities, but if it has spread through the film, then we have problems. The same annoying style was recently used in "Domino" and, like this movie, this style was damaged by the otherwise big movie. <br /> <br /> - The other person I know about this movie was soon to be a big Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying to compose music from looted pictures. Somehow, Williams wrote a decent music for the movie, but I'm sure that if the film had been more stable, the music would be much better. The sound is used all over the film, and instead of increasing the experience of the film, you seem to feel punitive. The over-use of the subwoofer is irritating as every 5 seconds or so you hear the sound coming out of the unlikely low end. I don't know why Scott thought the subwoofer had to bomb the audience, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - Film action is a beast despite the visions. Little Fanning is doing another great job here and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. If the end of the film doesn't make anyone cry, they're dead inside. Denzel Washington interrupts his rule of not having any feature films with this film and, fortunately, he can play a great character. Due to the idea of ​​a lifelong man and the sudden tragedy, he is expecting a new goal in his life, but Washington brings a certain character to some hearts and emotions. I love how we know him to be an individual who actually learns to know and after a kidnapping that is a cold revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife, and she and Fanning have two reasons I can't hate the movie too much. J.Lo's husband comes and goes to the movie, but he doesn't really look much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have a minimal role in the film, but they do. <br /> <br /> - One of the things that laughs at me is how the filmmakers try to make their call in Mexico when they call it a good city at the end of the movie. Slightly late when you ask me. We hope that Tony Scott has done the stage that he is deliberately trying to destroy his career, as the filmmaker is as talented as he can and must do it better.
