You know you're something other than Christopher Walken playing a professional hit man - and he's not even one of the bad guys! While this could make some reasonable trimmings here and there, "Man on Fire" is generally an effective criminal drama that ranges in tones from a publicly sentimental to even cruel - and almost any tone that can be predicted. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington stars like Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently left the business and is looking for some redemption for the sins she has committed. So far, he has been looking for answers in the bottle and the Bible, and he didn't do all that well. The film opens, Mexico has devastated a series of abductions aimed at a powerful and well-served, which may have been committed by a very high police force dedicated to keeping community law and order. Creasy accepts the position of a bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who rightly fears his safety. The first third of the movie is dedicated to the growing friendliness between Creasy and his accusation, Pita, a sweet little girl who slowly but surely works on Creasy's initially hardened heart and affection. The last two-thirds of the movie will become the Avenging Angel melodrama, as Creasy systematically searches for and removes all those who are responsible for the tragedy that begins at the beginning of the story. <br /> <br /> Based on AJ's novel, Quinnell, "Man on Fire," written by Brian Helgeland and led by Tony Scot, is a coolly effective action image that will never stay away from the raw brutality of his subject. It threatens to ask us to identify who has attained for all purposes and purposes the redemption, torture and murder (though indisputably) of the people. These scenes of carnage and violence are both intense and arresting, even when they are sometimes restricting exploits. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pita at the beginning of the movie. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning create a natural, lightweight report that helps set the stage for chaos and confusion. emotionally, even when it does, intellectually. In addition to the two leaders, Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannin are firm performances. But it's Washington and the admirable Mrs. Fanning, who steals the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better off for about half an hour, but it's even better than the average thriller.
