Although released from a revenge career (KILL BILL VOL. 2; PUNISHER; WALKING TALL), MAN FIRE works as well as he thanks largely for the ever-watched Denzel Washington, which is one of the best players today. <br /> <br /> In a fire based on AJ-Quinnell's 1980 novel (first filmed in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington plays with a former gambler who has now tended to drink from Jack Daniels flash until his old partner ( Christopher Walken) offers him the opportunity to redeem. He is hired as a bodyguard for a 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). Although he and Fanning work like oil and water (not very well blended), he really gets in touch with him, encouraging him to swim better, while at the same time trying to deal with the demons of the past. . It is this communication that forces Washington back to its old state when Fanning is abducted and held for $ 10 million in ransom and is almost killed. For almost all other stocks of heroes (Schwarzenneger; Segal, etc.), the next bruise would be the same recurring scramble we've seen a million times before. But the nature of Washington, although he kills for some reason, doesn't care much about what he does. But he gets help from a terrible reporter of the Mexican newspaper (Rachel Ticotin) to uncover the "La Hermanidad" ("Brotherhood"), the kidnapping gang responsible for Fanning's robbery. to some extent due to hyper camera work, editing almost headaches, and various film stocks that are equal to this director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but which may not be unique to him (witness Oliver Stone uses JFK editing or Sam Peckinpah's classic 60's and 70's films). However, Scott gets a very good result from Washington, as well as Fanning, who is as much a regular film-child. Harry Gregson-Williams' cross-border Spanish guitar score improves the soundtrack of the Blue Bayou rock version of the classical 1977 rock version of Chopin, Debussy, and even Linda Ronstadt. Although the film is generally violent, it is not worse than most of the films of the last ten years, and in general it is much better than most.
