Maslin Beach is a true nudist / nudist beach south of Adelaide, Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia. This is also the name of the Australian movie that used the beach location. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is marked by romantic comedy. It may be a bit misleading because it is not a "fun" movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has light moments. Like life itself, there are moments of sadness. It is also completely captured on the aforementioned nudist beach and nudity lasts the entire length of the film. The viewer learns to receive it quickly as usual and focus on the plot rather than a large number of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car at the beachside car park. They take their things to the beach and when they walk, Simon speaks of his confusion about what is true love. The rest of the film is the study of one full day at the beach. The main story is what happens to Simon's life of love, but there are many other signs highlighted in several separate vignettes. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple of "Rome and Juliet". Anyway, Simon is bored. Next we introduce Gaili (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They go along the beach, discussing Gail's possibilities to find the "perfect" man, assisted by the "talents" of the necklace, which brought him grandmother's happiness. However, there are many interesting people on the beach, not all of these "attractive" and young people (part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> There is a flat, short, fixed ice cream shop to serve the patrons of the coast. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is Simon's friend and is also his informal advisor. I think this character is the main comic. However, it is difficult to say, because Ben is not something that would make you laugh out loud if you are not drunk, male and very young! However, Maslin's beach has a great redemption function, and that means it won't live on any subject for too long. Because the quality of the operation is variable, the script is suspicious and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, lack of consistency is a positive blessing. In fact, this film has something (not nudity) that I find appealing. It is difficult to determine what it is, but it can have nothing to do with its nuance and even the Aussie attitude to carnal things. <br /> <br /> Camera work on Maslin's beach is worth mentioning. Sometimes it's great, some stunning static shots, and beach pans, cliffs and sunset. Since nudity is the main factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no profitability in framing, which means that the frame is made so that the camera is not located in "private" parts of the body. This helps to relieve the viewer from feeling uncomfortable in the personal space of the subject and makes the film more tasty. Considering the location of filming, it is not an easy task. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is not a "skin flick" for post-puberty, testosterone-paid men, or "Mills and Boon" for undervalued women. . Maslin's beach is not compatible with the genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the sense of Baywatch, and are just "normal" people you see everywhere on the beach. It has no message that it should convey, and it wouldn't even work as a tourist ad for Naturists. In addition to the Australian accent, filming could have been in any sunny country. What makes this film clearly from Australia is that it is pointless (cinema veri?) And only Australian cinema and other medium-sized national cinemas could consider such a hit. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have the opportunity to test their identity and the flop does not damage their reputation too much. Given that Maslin Beach is now an object of the collection, it is always possible that the film may become internationally popular, but it is highly unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this time of criticism I have been very negative, sometimes on the beach in Maslin. This is not a real position because I found the movie to be very easy to watch. I liked it as a reflection of almost real and real people (and problems). The problems in the movie are everyday and little low. It does not harm me, and I want more movies to be treated in everyday life. Here is the connection to European cinemas and especially to French film. They rarely deal with major accidents or disasters, but everyday. Hollywood is in direct contradiction with this, and is driving the branch of hyper-real action / drama / angst wave. The pace is also much faster in Hollywood, but it is not a reality. Maslin's beach is not exactly Jacques Tati, but it is on the right track, even if it ignores multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on that are so important in the current cinema. I'm sure you love or hate this movie a little in the middle of the room. <br /> <br />
