"Muppets Take Manhattan" is different from many other films made so far. One is the only Muppet movie that doesn't belong to Disney. Since 2008, the movie still belongs to Fox 20th Century (CBS Fox at the time of release), although Disney has rights to Muppet. It also has a story that is very non-linear, and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is very difficult to win the original "Muppet Movie" of 1979, especially after this movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". But one way "Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" is probably a surprisingly realistic scenario. In the first movie, all Muppets have to do to go to Hollywood, walk to the agents' office and get a "Rich & Famous" contract right away. In this film, Muppets learn that they actually have to work to achieve the desired success, and it is much harder to do, especially in entertainment when they first thought. This is an important and often unreported message, provided that you are prepared to stop the disbelief that Muppets, being small and fabric-made, need not necessarily live in a spacious place or even eat. Above all, their struggle to end it after a college graduation is a very good story. One more note: The movie's celebrities were cool and they couldn't surprise the Muppet. This ability is proof for Henson and the attraction of the Muppet characters even for adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls, and this is where I'm sure people don't agree with me, there are some major songs, especially at the end. I thought the wedding song "He'll Make Me Happy" was as happy as the wedding too harsh. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, I hear that song makes me unusually depressed, especially when the movie starts with such a pleasant number as "Together Again" and ends happily for this topic. "Saying goodbye" was also a sad number, but it was better suited to the movie because the Muppets were scattered and were not sure they would see each other again. This last song had fallen down and perhaps even the affliction of the younger viewers could see their favorite cups leaving the big screen. <br /> <br /> "Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good movie and one that is marching into the second drum as other Muppet films, including the newer ones after Jim Henson and Richard Hunt's death. Fortunately, the film is running in one direction. I just wanted the movie to end with a better song that wasn't quite melancholic. Plus, Disney would have had to get this movie copyrighted and give her the right DVD release. Maybe it will ever come. We see.
