It was the third Muppet film and the last Jim Henson took part in his premature death in 1990. The first three films that celebrated the famous characters were all born and thrown into theaters before they were born. I originally saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper", in the mid-nineties as a child, but didn't see the third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan" until April 2007. It was shortly after I first saw my two predecessors and the 1996 Muppet Treasure Island. This third Muppet movie certainly didn't disappoint me for the first time I saw it, and my second look at nearly three years later may not impress me, but if not, it certainly didn't go too far. <Br /> <br /> Muppets' staging musician, "Manhattan Melodies", is a big hit on their college campus. They will graduate from college, so they will soon leave, but decide they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try and show off on Broadway. After they arrive, they begin to look for a producer, but after many rejections, they finally decide to find and find a job. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit remains and is still determined to find the right manufacturer and connect the Muppet gang. She works at a New York restaurant owned by Pete. Frog quickly communicates with Pete's daughter Jenny, an ambitious fashion designer who is currently working as a waitress in her father's restaurant. When Kermit continues to try to reach the stardom, he does not know, with Jenny's help, that Miss Piggy is secretly in New York and is now spying on him. She starts to see Kermit and Jenny together and she feels that they are coming close to leading jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie a second time, it seemed disappointing first. It seemed a bit hasty, purposeful, and perhaps even forgotten at first. During this part of the movie, there are some funny bits, such as moving animals through the university campus, but for a while the film seemed impressive compared to my two predecessors. Fortunately, it didn't change soon. The film is entertaining mostly with "Saying Goodbye", a song from Muppets with the song they sing, and a lot that happens afterwards. Two of the funniest parts can be Miss Piggy tantrums after seeing Kermiti and Jeke hugging, but there were certainly many other times I laughed like a bad Fozzie who tried to hibernate with other bears. Muppets still has its own charm and comic antics, which will probably help the film, as well as the plot, to be easy but intriguing for all ages. There are some weaker moments, such as the Muppet's order of babies, and Juliana Donald's performance, as Jenny is weak, but neither of these problems is too big and is far from enough to destroy all the experience. <br /> <br /> I would say that the movie "The Muppet Movie", which started its franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and seems to be the most popular opinion. This third film is probably the weakest of the three, but all is good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", one-third of the theatrical films made after Henson's sad end, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I'm not going into the details of what I mean by Muppets' 1999 film, which appeared twenty years after their first, because I've already explained in this review why I found it so disappointing and even if it's some complaints, I'm not clearly alone. But every theatrical film that marks the loved Muppet, made during Henson's life, is a great entertainment for the whole family, even though the second and third installments showed a little bit of a drop in quality right after that.
