This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if Sammo Hung hadn't been watching the films of the great French comedian Jaques Tati for a while before (for example, Jour de fête, for example), he would surely have the same wave length. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think Tati movies are fun; but they are not for every taste. Some have told me that they are creating their job. I never thought why, but I think because Tati himself plays so completely dead in a pan, so that the events surrounding him (which he usually causes) do not affect the fact that many can not make finer comic bits do anyway Tati's main shtick - or at least his best known - to deliberately build up a deceptive civil society with the sensitivity of the 19th century and bring him to the 20th century France, where he has to face society, largely defining a gradual decline in their sensitivity. Usually he has serious problems with small things like record players or radios. He is in danger in the car but is safer in the world when he rides a bike. But through all this, he never loses his aplomb, due to his inner recognition that the 19th century was more interesting than the 20th general. <br /> <br /> Similarly, Sammo Hung plays himself. The country boy comes to Hong Kong's big city, making sure that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made Kung Fu movies there. It gets in trouble in a small way because he takes a step in a case that is never seen in a small town, but which is considered inappropriate in a big city - for example, when he looks at the street urinating, the policeman stops him, but finds that Hung is actually just squeezing his shirt out of water , which is soaked during the accidental fall of the bay. What is interesting about this is that it is Hung, does not understand what is the noise of the police - in the fortress, if no one sees, if you have to go, you have to go. In other words, Hung is not really urinating in the street - but he certainly - and what's the officer of the problems? Of course, Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee also gets big troubles. He wins a hit who has refused to pay his uncle's restaurant owner. Of course, Bruce Lee's film tongs are considered to be tortured and they would have learned their lesson. But in Hung Hong Kong, reality is unfortunately, and the ghosts return when he is not around to train his uncle. <br /> <br /> Of course Hung will eventually win, as Tati always does. Such characters must always fight (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent and as such, despite their comical inaccuracies and misunderstandings, represent what is best for the people we admire and want to be. We don't really want to be Bruce Lee (who has to experience the loss of all his friends before he has the chance to win a bad boy), we really want a world where Lee's heroes are in our innocence. Unfortunately, this world exists only on film. <br /> <br /> "Ah, but what if ...?" - And on this issue we find Sammo Hung his best comic.
