Sometimes realism can act against the effectiveness of the film. This is not a problem here. Sets are cheesy, inside and out. The fog is common, the parties hide the sparse production. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front panel simply says, "Wine and spirits." The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. Not a mayor or a fake silhouette. It's a Dublin story like Jack Jack Ripper's movies are about the poor, blurry, cobblestoned Whitechapel. Who would like it in another way? How would it have been in some other way, with no financial letters, a small budget, and a four-week shooting schedule? Acting is a suit that is terrible for everyone. Sometimes my God is a positive affliction. Mrs McPhillips woke up after Frankie died outside the house. However, Victor McLaglin offers exactly the right excess. The wardrobe has filled her with too little a jacket so she looks like it looks like a Frankenstein monster. His every move seems to go a little further than he intended. When he hits his head, he puts himself in the temple. It looks like a big, blasting baby, he's constantly drunk. She sells her best friend for a fee that takes her and her future girl to America, not a good guy in the usual sense. However, when we start to spend 20 pounds, the more and more natural, alcoholic evening, because every expensive and grandiose gesture takes it beyond the dream. I do not dispute this, but I understand why he won the Oscar. <br /> <br /> Max Steiner's score, wow. Every move that is already superfluous not only emphasizes Mickey Mouse's music but is shiny yellow. It shouldn't have happened - heavenly choirs, young charms, minstrel boy, gurgling tunes, while McLaglen drinks from the bottle. It would have been better without a score at all. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it as a whole? Date - with any measure, but not with that time. That's why I admire it. Yes, the insignia is sometimes clumsy. McLaglen, real dummy. Fog. Blind man. But what impresses me is how little of that time was tried. What was overwhelmingly artistic about us today was in 1936 something different from what was seen by most of the programmers who were out there at the time. If it occasionally falls, it's not important. The film was boldly and poetically courageous both politically and morally. (The human rights legion condemned this brothel scene.) The goal of the leader should be to cross his grip or what is the script? Looking at it now, but in 2006 this story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously fights against Irish rebels. They kill, but only what they consider necessary. ("He knows too much to live. What if he goes to Denmark? Oh, it's not me, but me, but we all, Ireland itself.") The Irish are sentimental and sympathetic. I do not know whether the Middle East jihadists do not use the same logic to justify their acts of violence.
