In the mid-1930s, Hollywood restored confidence after the difficulties in negotiating. Although all the technical problems of sound were solved very quickly, it took longer to solve the question of how the pictures were about, how they should be structured and how they should be dealt with. The informer is the main picture that shows how far untold moments can pass by leveraging images without ignoring the need for sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that the informer is really a setback for the golden days of silence. First, many silent images in their narrative were not purely visual and overcrowded. But what the informant is, is the self-confidence to prolong the moments between dialogues, to focus more on reactions than on calls, and to let the people play the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, for his entire ability, was a filmmaker who seemed to have been struggling in proportion to his interest in the material. When he thought the story was stupid, he just did it halfway. Fortunately, the informer, with the image of community, honor, working life and the most important Irish environments, was all that Ford loved, and the result is one of his best works. In this, Ford really uses only too much shoot. The first one is the place? The Dublin streets are covered with fog and darkness so that their distant depths cannot be seen; the interior where the walls and ceilings stand in us. The other is the faces, the striking close colors of ordinary backgrounds, usually without dialogue, focusing on the inner conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The leader, Victor McLaglen, fits perfectly with his character and this way of filming. McLaglen's score doesn't look much as it is about 90% drunk. The other 10% are hearty emotions, as here and there is their Gypo Nolan, which alcoholics call clarity for a moment. Oscar have won such performances. McLaglen is supported by site-based pain relief, with no weak links. It is especially nice that Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, who are usually seen only in comic relief, play one-off dramatic parts (although the appearance of Meek does not include one or two jokes, scene tone and many of his paths) is serious). Not only do these two give incredibly deep performances, their familiarity with most viewers, when comedy players add value to their tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who gave the informant, was probably the most adventurous and ready to take risks with all the major studios. Thanks to this, we are able to see an ardent story in the midst of a despicable anti-hero, which would have been a clumsy, redundant confusion, instead of full of a spirited atmosphere and character that keeps us looking and pulling us into our world.
