What's more, early morning television proves an invaluable resource for movies that would never be able to be tracked. At four o'clock in the morning, I stumbled out of bed to start recording "The Informer (1935)," my fourth film by the productive American director John Ford and great. Established during the Irish Civil War in 1922, Dudley Nichols adapted the same novel by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States and is best known for his "Americana" images, both Ford's older Irish people explained the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-known routine that informs his old friend Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford) to claim a 20 percent fee for his girlfriend Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed during his arrest attempt, the Irish Republican army, of which both Frankie and Gypo were members, will investigate the expert behind the accident, any clue that will bring them closer and closer to the actual culprit. Meanwhile, Gypo feels guilty of his friend's premature death and is getting heavy drinking, which compels Don Birn's "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in his excess. Because Gypo drives its troubles to a large amount of alcohol trapped in a low-depression circle, its extravagant spending is looking at the attention of IRA members. Already once, Gypo, surrounded by admirers (including amusing J.M. Kerrigan), enthusiastically entices him on the back and baptizes him "King Gypo" for his physical power. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel affection for the man and are simple, pointing to the use of money. An additional £ 20 by Frankie's death could never buy a set of Gypo friends? Indeed, in the bitter twists of irony, only the betrayal and loss of his only good companion became possible. A relatively simple colleague, Mr Gypo, could not have taken full account of the consequences of his actions and, finally, was offered forgiveness because he "does not know what he is doing", but his stupidity must not be punished. <br /> <br /> Criticism is from time to time about Ford's alleged propagandistic support for a terrorist organization. Although this attitude is obviously from a personal point of view {I don't know enough about Irish history to pass the judgment, ”there is no doubt that the film depicts the armies of the Republic of Ireland as selfless, committed and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriotism as I have ever seen it. But the main theme of the story is betrayal; because of the intense poverty one ordinary person gives his good friend a trust and he deeply regrets his actions. The tortured Gypo is played mainly as a regret and Victor McLaglen gives a vigorous performance that executes the life of an unsatisfied existence that culminates in one terrible decision that understands his terrifying death. "The Informer" was John Ford's first major Oscar success, which won four prizes (six nominations), including the best actors for McLaglen {who drew the shape of three-way favorites "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935)"}, Dudley Nichols Best Leader and Best Scenario (who rejected this because of disagreements within the European Union).
