John Ford is one of the most influential and most memorable filmmakers whose names are usually related to the genre of western films. But John Ford's undoubtedly best film is not at all west, but in the early 1920s, the poor drama set by Ireland in the fight for independence: the informant of the 1935s. Burnt Gypo Nolan has caught the net of poverty and despair - and the walls are closed. Gypo is great, but he is not the lightest bulb in the tree, has a warm heart, but a short melting, and never seems to have really thought things out, but he's not a criminal or a self-centered pig. Walking through the streets of starvation, where they do not live, Humping Gypo Nolan finds Katie Madden, the main wife of her life, on the streets wishing to be desperate for her and dreaming that she will take her to the United States if she only paid 20 pounds for it. Happily, his friend Frankie would be back for 20 pounds on his head and Gypo is desperate enough to tell the police about Frankie's location. Gypo, who earned a new 20 lb of money, thinks that this misty night is particularly blurred, as the guilt swells all over and the IRA invests all of its resources to find the Frankie informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen depicts the fallen Gypo Nolan and certainly earned the best movie Oscar he received for this movie. His brutal, foolish, and gentle turns give a character dimension, and McLaglen is just another of Dudley Moore's character in Arthur Bach's 1981 film Arthur as the most fun movie drunk. Katie Maddenina by Margot Grahame is also great, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who really impress. Preston Foster is particularly disgraceful as the head of the IRA, mainly because it is not obviously Irish, and JM Kerrigan limits irritation throughout his film role, but this disappointing majority is the only bad point in the film. > Often, some of Ford's well-known Westerners, such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty, overshadow. The Informer is just one of John Ford's best movies - if not his best. Starting with the long-term career of John Ford Oscar candidates and winners, The Informer won four Oscars, one of which was the best director for him in 1936. Ford and the use of company shadows and light in film are a particularly interesting and vital story. Walking along the streets of Gypo is said by the gloomy state of the city and the remarkable accusations of street lights, each shadow constantly reminding him of his blind act. Ford's command of this technique was amazing; When the Informer was made 10 years later (thus making the genre requirements), it is probably considered to be the best movie ever, but it does not prevent it from being remembered as an excellent classic film.
