I remember watching it late on a black and white TV, long before the live-action version was as much as a pixelist Peter Jackson's eye ... and being very impressed. Finally, I received a copy of VHS this week, which was thrown away (and it is not just the same for the course.) I was able to watch this movie again and found it still quite well, although it is not quite successful for memory was painted. <br /> <br /> I have to admit some bias here. Some reviewers report their affirmed Jackson lovers, others are Jackson-haters; I'm not exactly. I was the devotee of Brian Sibley's BBC Radio Adaptation, who originally sent it in 1981, and immediately recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe repeated this performance for an almost three-year radio with an excellent radio. <br /> <br I must say, however, that when I found Jackson's movies as increasingly fond of frustrations, the Bakshi version, all cut into bones, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are common, understandable changes (here is Legolas, not Arwen, who is replaced by Glorfindel when Elf was sent from Rivendell to meet the party) and there is a lot of telescoping. (The latter is the only exception, as others have pointed out, is a strange extended order in the Rivendell generation, where the Ringwraiths have shown that Frodo can freeze and retract the cold ability to freeze it after crossing the river - for some inexplicable reason, just follow him with a longer line that is initially horrible, but pointless, by plot and definitely going too long.) I also agree that Balrog is unsatisfactory, partly because of bad animation, and that Gandalf windmills are moving too much. <br /> <br /> But after watching both approaches to the film, I feel more than ever that the animated route is what to take. A story that is half-sold (weird, one thing added, is the story of Aragon from Beren and Luthien) the extreme literature that is needed for live-action filming, where everything from the monsters to the postage detailing on the camera is reversed: latex-based (or CGI) Monsters are less monsters than sketched figures, heroic costumes tend to look rather stupid on real bodies and horses or dwarfs who are not human body proportions that are easily animated, but convincingly filmed. Many reviewers have quoted a ringing ringwrite in the woods, a exhausted, half-human movement of which is one of the most frightening moments of the film - it frightened me when I saw it for the first time in the dark! <br /> <br /> The extreme style of the introduction (plus a high-skill and economically sound voice to read the background of a few sentences) works very well to portray the almost mythical era and the change in the Shire comic book, which I particularly like Proudfeet, meets to a similar change in Tolkien's prose. I felt there were some missed opportunities where the animation potential could have been used with great influence: Gandalf threatened Bilbot with his true power in opening scenes, Bilbo seems to become a Gollum-like creature Ring-lust on Rivendell and Galadriel's famous temptation to speech all pulled more or less straightforward where it would have been irrelevant to distort the scene to reflect the changed perceptions of the hobbits. In general, details and palette changes - the refractory tones of Bree, the colors that reappear in Rivendell and the clearing of Fangorn, dirty grays and browns of Moriale and abandoned land - work well to reflect the different moods. episodes where a live-action approach just doesn't let you blur a background or sketch on a stylized background. <br /> <br /> Like a fan, I didn't care about the image of Jackson or Bakshi Lothlorien - again, I feel that the radio world of sound was the best manifestation I've ever encountered in a beautiful, slightly unpleasant forest land of caught - and I feel that Bakshi got a bad song at that moment, but I do the same small assembly that shows that different members of the company relax together after sending their morals. Aragorn, who gives a hobby-fence lesson here, is just as enchanting (and equally unpleasant) as the Boromir who deals with Jackson Hollin hobbies. <br /> <br /> Image of Aragor in a convincing weather-covered Ranger is good throughout this movie (Viggo Mortensen's unpleasant vision didn't really work for me), though it would have been interesting to see how they intend to "cleanse" the other side in favor of Gondor. John Hurt is not surprising that he is giving a vocal position, as does the resonance of William William Squire in Gandhal. I think hobbies are meant to reflect contemporary youth as numbers that identify the audience: I find an animated style (their proportions are many "cartoons" as human beings) that are distinctive for them, and the whole "hairy feet thing, as here is here, is as plausible as more words literally, including many fan art. <br /> <br /> Personally, I have fewer objections to Boromir than Viking - he was always quite annoying - - to Bear-Aragorn (illogical: they were both numerenors), although I am clearly in the minority here! <br /> <br /> The big mistake of this picture is always that it was a project in progress, where the strange thing was to search for votes that tried to solve the issues. Injury; would have been interesting, not to mention less frustrating to see what Bakshi was planning to do with Shelob and Minas Tirith, never to die ...
