With the release of Peter Jackson's trilogy "Lord of the Rings", it is even easier to leave Ralph Baksh's animated Lord of the Rings film in 1978 worse. I agree with the majority that the trilogy of Jackson is an important part of Tolkien's work in adapting the film, but it does not prevent me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson has admitted that he got at least some inspiration from seeing the Bakshi movie and there are clear similarities between these adaptations. <br /> <br /> The colorful picturesque backgrounds of the movie are excellent and the result is memorable. I was mostly pleased with the drawings of the signs. The pairs of Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are mostly visually indistinguishable, Balrog and Treebeard were impressive, but these points didn't bother me very much. Nazgul is really drawn and made scary enough. The only character I was bothered with was Sam's; he was made unexpectedly stupid. <br /> <br /> This movie is new to its animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live participants have also turned on animation using a rotoscope. It is quite obvious which characters are hand-drawn and which are rotoscoped, but still I found that the film's style was novel. The use of rotoscopic live actors in battle scenes was a good decision and helped them bring out the scenes well. <br /> <br /> Voice operation was generally of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who gave Aragorn a sound voice. Aragorn is not my favorite character from the northwest, but with John Hurt's voice he supported my adaptation. My second favorite was William Squire, whose voice is strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed unsuitable was Michael Scholes, who was Sam, whose voice was irritating and unfortunately added a stupid picture. The only other troublesome part of the voice is the wrong pronunciation of character and place names. It was particularly strange that Saruman was often called "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In this movie, Ralph Bakshi assumes he has two films. So this movie contains about half the story from the beginning of the "Ring Fellowship" to the end of the battle in Helm's Deep "The Two Towers". The obvious consequence of this is that the story of the movie is a very tightened version of the story of books. I enjoy the original stories and more in-depth adjustments, but the freedoms made to tighten the story didn't bother me, even the choice to leave the story out of Arwen. In this film, there was enough story about the main elements to keep me in work for a long time, and there was even a novelty that in 132 minutes it was possible to bring in half of the Lord of the Rings. The battle scenes were impressive and especially Helm's deep ride and fight was enormous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and undoubtedly a number of Lord's readers of the Rings read story. But for me, the drawbacks of this film were small compared to seeing the effective adaptation of fine trilogy. My only strong fear is that I cannot see the second part of the Lord's "first great story" of the rings, because Baksh was not given the budget to continue.
