Peter Jackson's version (s) are better-than-objective films. By saying this, they are not my favorite screen versions of my favorite tricks and let me explain why. First, the operation of screen characters is just plain and inseparable with Jackson LOTR. The whole mill is too long. "Are you saying that these foolish cartoons, Ralph Bakshi's version, are better than real people?" could ask. Well, they're not really stupid (except Hobbits, later about them) and they definitely offer more personality than the Jackson party - even in a much limited time. And this is because Bakshi LOTR works higher _voice_. Take, for example, Aragorn. In this version, her voice is deep and charismatic with full power (Aragorn lord) and flavored rasp (Aragorn ranger). This is due to John Hurt's excellent voice. Compare it to Viggo Mortensen's rather high voice without the soul, and the duel quickly becomes uneven: Hurt wins Mortensen's hands. And then Gandalf. Probably the whole saga is the most dominant (and most popular) character. In this Bakshi version, Gandalf (William Squire) is a real wizard. And that's why I don't mean that he's putting his fingertips (he doesn't), but his presence is just exciting. He is mystical, powerful and can easily go to a frightening man from an old man. Add to it his appearance: long, old as an old oak, beard long, as body, sharp eyes, wand nose and naturally a classic wizard. Perfect Gandalf, like books. On the other hand, Ian McKellen's Gandalf is just too boring. He looks too human, sounds too human, acts too humanly and doesn't wear a hat or sword. Yes sword. In this Bakshi version, Gandalf gives a few blood orcs to kill his sword (as he did in the books). And these are stylish slow motion killings. Gandalf is not the power to be confused. And it should be noted that although I am sad to say this, the great Christopher Lee did not bring Saruman into life. Fraser Kerr in this film even made a very limited screen and features. Orcs are also better guys at Jackson's injustice. The Bakshi Orcs are constantly exacerbating their enemies (or each other) in rebellion, shouting, and disgust. They are more faithful to monsters and, in my opinion, are more faithful to the book. And finally, Black Riders - or Nazgul. These ultimate bad guys are scary ghosts in it - not just some black riders. And they speak with a haunting voice that attracts their sacrifice. My favorite scene in the movie is when Nazgul arrives near the Frodo River. Although Peter Jackson could not do anything but show the riders just to the party, Bakshi throws a nice dream into a cool, slow scene and thunder to the sky. <br /> <br /> But so much I like this movie more than Jackson, the latter, if only technically, are even better. And this is due to some important visuals. As you know, Bakshi LOTR combines animated characters (all hobbies and main casts) with the actual actors that will be painted. In this way, I don't really have problems with using real people, but they just don't fit into traditional cartoons. This is especially true for people (Rohan riders, taverns, etc.). Orcs are different because they are designed to be very special from other characters. Orcs, while people playing with an animation mix, look at the Jackson version much higher. They have brownish-green skin, glossy red eyes, flat face and sharp teeth. <br /> <br /> The biggest screws in this movie are visual visual hobbies. Although I prefer almost every character in the Bakshi version compared to Jackson, the latter is clearly better Hobbits, in fact, they are perfect. With Bakshi you can get some irritating and rather poorly drawn humanoid Disney bamboos. And you have to spend a lot of time with them, so warn. Again, dealing with their voices is OK, but the actors cannot save the "diving damage" made by these little spirits. Well, I did not like such halfways anyway. <br /> <br /> General bugs in the Bakshi script are well known. Limited play time (limited budget) and many missing scenes. So while this movie covers nearly half the story, it doesn't do it in detail in Jackson. All in all, the LOTR version of Ralph Bakshi is excellent: <br /> <br /> - the whole atmosphere (it seems more like Earth) - overall voice acting music (I really dig a fantasy score from Kont & Rosenman) -Gandalf -Aragorn (one John Hurt's best roles) -King Theoden -Orcs-Black Riders -Elrond (He's not a hippie in this field!) <br /> <br /> While the Jackson version is better: <br /> <br /> covers the whole story - all sorts of visuals and special effects -Gollum / Smeagol -Balrog -Hobbits <br /> <br /> Lord Ralph Bakshi, even if well known, is one of the best animated films ever made, and it hits Tolkan fantasy world atmosphere very well, if not completely. I'll give him a score of 8½ out of 10.
