I love this movie and it frustrates me that so many "reviewers" put it under the trilogy of Peter Jackson. The filmed novel is always interpretative; in particular, it depends on the artist's vision of the animated film and should be assessed on its own terms. Speaking of a purist, this is more accurate for Tolkin than the updated version. Although this film has its drawbacks, it remains true to the source, especially for the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkin's Frodo is barely recognizable: the first scenes depict him as a weak, constantly threatening, manipulating him with the surrounding forces and never standing with his two legs (physically and metaphorically true). Jackson writes Tolkien unforgettably and robs Frodo of his best moment when he allows Arwen to save him from Ringwraith ... The Bakshi version respects the original by presenting Frodo, who calls for "go back and bother me!" Bakshi retains the character of Frodo, as Tolkien imagined. We see her fall when her load increases. Frodo is so important to the Lord of the Rings that you do not know why Jackson took such freedoms (he does it in many letters) because character development draws the plot to the inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores the best of Legolas and Gimli's companions in a reasonable scene that is completely missing in the Jackson version. Similarly, we see Boromir Pippin and Merry supporting the idea of ​​a scholarship. I like being married to an animated version more than a live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poem is an important part of the novels, and Bakshi honors it with one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings "Merry Old Inn" song, minutes before Strider stumbles. Funny tune is chilled with darker theme music when seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to wraith, Frodo has been in danger. It is one of the atmospheric parts of the film and cools me whenever I see it. <br /> <br /> Well-documented budget / time constraints limit the final impact of this movie, but once it is completed, it can be more viewers. As it is, it's worth a look. Even its detractors admit that Peter Jackson got a lot of inspiration from this prototype.
