Godard said that the way to criticize the film is simply to do one, and probably the strongest one that could be made of Ralph Bakshi about Magnum of Tolkien, Lord of the rings, is actually Peter Jackson. The last trilogy, to me, is not even a general masterpiece, but they are given enough space for each book to breathe in all postmodern techniques that go beyond classical storytelling to make them a very good, wide-ranging entertainment. <br /> <br /> But as someone who has not read books, I now look at two versions: live-action (albeit partly animated with great visual effects) and animated (albeit partially made for real live action) as a framework only basic story, not even complete loyalty to books. And with the Bakshi version, it's not nearly fair in any way, because what we see is not a complete vision, not what Jackson actually was (probably the final cut). I was robbed of the return of the King's great revelation, and in the rush of the other two, I was more reminded of what he did within his limits, even though these same restrictions make it disappointing. <br /> <br /> What's interesting even after seeing Jackson's movies first - what I regret is that I would have reacted differently to this at a younger age, and before five years ago it's never going to get confused. All that is really needed to talk about the story of Ring is actually pretty much untouched, and if there is something more gigantic and more epic in Tolkien's book, it has become clear in this regard. The actors who play hobbies and other parts of heroes are more or less adequate for some parts, some parts stand out (John Hurt Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of additional character ultimately means that things seem to have little face value for those who haven't seen other movies or read books and can't put them in context. But the characters are always at an interesting level, and here's the old-fashioned sensitivity in the middle of this bigger aura. It is not a variety of gardens for Disney customization-warts and everything, it's Bakshi's film, its underground animation rooted in the mythical world of Central Earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is one that reaches the screen that is in its shortened form, with no stroke or no call. With the complete ending of the movie as a story, the film's form is an attempt to see if anything can be completely rotoscoped. The result is what seems to be retro now, but of course it was a tough and crazy inspiration for filmmakers. Could it be better with more traditional drawn animation? In some parts, yes; it becomes a little noticeable, as was the case with the Bakshi American Pop, that the main characters move in a way that is a little trembling, like some form of comic book that has been done in a different way. However, there is a lot I wondered about what has been done. <br /> <br /> Orcs, for example, found they were really amazing. They may be the best part of a combination of animation for real-time action, especially for parts where there is no combat material (this is really a real hit-or-miss part because there is no continuity of good and bad rotoscoping) and chiaroscuro comes through big shapes behind the horse . That's terribly good. And the backgrounds, while very harsh and sometimes too sketchy, are beautiful with blasts and blasts of colors. It is almost as much for filmmakers as for peanuts. So, how would I recommend this animated shot to the Lord of the Rings? I don't know to tell the truth. Certainly this is a good sign of what I see in Tolkien's animated film, Hobbit (and I've seen an animated ROTK) and there is a real artistic art. There are also somewhat vivid dialogues, all too rushed by two towers, the most intriguing sign of Gollum being just two scenes. And if we see something as fragmented, it will only come to the depth of the latest films. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of the books that are considering checking it, I would say that it is a worthwhile opportunity, even if it is one of the options where you look forty minutes and then decide to stop it or not. As far as Bakshi's other films are concerned, it is an impressive ambitious and spotty achievement, where, like the Lynch Dune, it is dedicated to the dark, mordic sand in the sand among those who passionately hate it and those who do not. t. I do not.
