Animated as a movie since 1978, it's pretty good - in general, it's much higher than the standard of days when Disney hadn't done anything good for years (and Tolkien would care little for Disney anyway). It gets important points for innovative and careful camera work by applying cinematographic techniques relatively successfully. Much annoying rotoscopy works quite well, especially with Ringwraith and the opening story. But it is too drasticly overestimated - perhaps as a method of saving money - that it reduces the overall impact. The same technique that makes wraiths spooky and the rest of the world is not so well in a French pony. <br /> <br /> As far as story customization is concerned, it is actually pretty good. We lose a little bit here and there, smaller details like the old forest and Tom Bombad, Gaffer and Sackville-Baggins. We offer a couple of characters, such as changing Legolas in Elrond House and an old friend of Aragon, but it's a pretty wise decision about the film. In books, you have the opportunity to add references to the larger world of elves and the great history of the Central Earth. In the movie, you sell it for visuals and sound that transmit the same elements differently. Something critical hasn't disappeared here, and although I have a few changes, I am generally pleased with it. <br /> <br /> If only printed writers had to remember Saruman's name - he is often referred to as Aruman, he probably decided to make it more distinct, similar to Sauron; it looked at me for another look before I was sure I didn't. It is also annoying that Boromir is a viking on the bloody stage and is irritating from the start. But Gandalf is great, and most of the rest of the voice is great. If only John Hurt wasn't too old to play Aragon; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, when the movie ends in the middle of the story, it's a big disappointment. What makes it far is worse than worse than Rankin's unhappy work. & Bass team sequel. To be allowed to return the king after grinding, the hobby is still a great mystery; they are more interested in bad songs than in proper storytelling. In the case of all his mistakes, the heart of this film is firmly in place and it is trying to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the forthcoming series of films will remain against their vision ...
