More than twenty years before the visionary adaptation of Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings, director Ralph Baksh was an animated effort in 1978. The ambitious and reasonably loyal version of this story is, unfortunately, quite hidden by Jackson's trilogy. Indeed, many IMDb reviewers (mostly those who saw the first newer version) seem to be bothered with this version ... but if someone applies a little bit of reason and takes into account the time it was done, and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they realize it's a pretty good movie. Indeed, it was shortly after that in the early 80s of the animated film that I was looking for Tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of their richly detailed Middle-earth adventures. So, in some ways, I owe it to this movie because of the film that shaped my literary taste forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of the Middle Earth, is creating an all-powerful circle that gives him incredible power. After a great battle, during which Sauron was defeated, a king named Isildur belongs. but instead of destroying it, he decides to keep it stupid. Over the centuries, the ring moves out of hand, finally reaching the hobby of Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peace-loving community known as Shire. Frodo learns from a teacher whose name is Gandalf that his ring is actually one ring, the same thing that Sauron had forged back in all centuries and that his lord is looking for it again to restore all his dark power to the whole earth. Frodo starts a dangerous journey to protect the circle of three other hobbyists, but every step of how these Sauron ringers chase the black riders. There are a lot of adventures in which nine adventure companies are formed to guide you to the only place where it can be "unmade"? Mount Doom, Mordor Country. The movie ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam at the borders of Mordor, closing closer to his terrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and other members of the company are fighting for the great orcs army at the legendary fortress of Helmi's deep river. <br /> <br /> This version includes just over half of the original book. The second installment was designed to end the story, but unfortunately it was never completed. Although the end feeling is steep, it ends at least at the reasonable point of the story. It is a bit of a disappointment and regret that there are no follow-up results in which we could follow these animated heroes for their possible purpose. Animation is satisfactory, the interesting detail has a beautiful selection of different places and characters. Leonard Rosenman's music is well blended and fits well with the epic narrative. Voice transmissions are also decent, especially by John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who gives a voice to Sam, is quite wide and funny, which is not suitable for this character. The Lord of the Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the amazing book on which it is based.
