There is very little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne has a statement that he is a science fiction, but his stories were more adventure stories using beautiful inventions as plot equipment. Wells was deep and brought his tales down. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is very little evidence that, before the 20th century, people in other planets believed in life where so many people, including Richard Dawkins, consider it almost a fortress. There is no evidence of this, of course, and one cannot think that it was Wells who introduced it to people's thinking? No doubt it was Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> ATTENTION, WHAT YOU HAVE, Wells adapted himself from his novel. However, it is quite obvious that he is unable to tell the differences between the technical characteristics of writing novels and writing scenarios. Dialogue is often loaded, hard handed and convincing. One case is that two pilots mutually discuss the nature of war "Why do we have to kill each other? Why?" This reflects the criticism that was almost naked with Orwell's Wells, Wells, Hitler, and the World State. and it is true that Wells' anti-war message is painfully overestimated. A few years later, it would be impossible to believe in a conversation between the RAF pilot and his opposite number at Luftwaffe, which said it was fascinating when watching a 1935 film that predicts a world-wide war in 1940, which proclaims the end of civilization. There is a striking and haunting image, because the child strikes the drum as a fantasy army that runs in the background and the collapse of society and the fear of Wanderng's disease have been wonderfully realized. Even a fairly lazy story telling about setting the year is a delightful character. This is the picture that changes the film with Arthur Bliss, which makes the movie so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks the question "universe or something. What should this be?". In short, this is a film whose mistakes are easy to forgive
