H.G. Wells was his prime minister in 1936 and his surviving books were long overdue. She came to the end of her life and she was facing her dream of being sour. At the beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world was doomed, because species development, natural biology and, on the other hand, Marxism, on the other hand, the market economy necessarily caused a weaker victory. the stronger the criterion of a simple number. The weaker was the mass of mankind, and the stronger the minority elite. He then defended a strict eugenic policy by eliminating all those who were in a way that weakened humanity. First of all, the non-Caucasus, the only exception is the Jews who disappear because of mixed marriages. Then, in the Caucasus community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, people with intellectual disabilities, all those who were genetically disabled, and so on. It wasn't Hitler. It was H.G. Wells and it wasn't after the First World War. It was more than ten years earlier. And twenty years before the First World War he had published a time machine that defended the idea that the human "race", which has remained in its own way and due to the greater cosmological development of the world, would see the human being "race" as two "species": the workgroup would become a ground-based labor force species and civicism would become an untapped species. It was in this novel that the complex and weak idle species of the surface were prey to other species of predators. Wells was convinced that mankind was in danger and politicians had to stop this evolution by imposing a strict eugenic policy. The first countries that followed this precept were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last ones to have some of them recently dropped. The film offers a vision from 2036 with the world government, which is absolutely dictatorial in that there is no election, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only peace determined by military conquest, and the government is dominated by one man or one man and his little commissioners . And in this future world, everyone, all people, Caucasians. Wells was able to imagine that mankind was completely white by 2036. Amazing. Wells anticipated a rebellion, but it would be short-lived and nothing at all. The last phrases are the vision of the white civilization that conquers the whole universe when it thinks of heaven and its stars and planets. Scary. And it was brought in 1936. This is all the more frightening because there is no way to find any slightest image of Hitler, fascism, Japanese imperialism or stalinism. But it is important that this film is good in the restored edition because it is very important that H.G. We are obviously very far from the bold new world of absolute "democratic" social choices or the dairy dictatorship of the pig proletariat or the Big Brother abstract media dictatorship in 1984. This vision is at least as scary as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells with his British writers in his days. It would be unfair to go further. This shows that in the first three decades of the 20th century, there was an enormous fear among intellectuals in England: the fear that the future is only tough, in the dark and in some form of stalemate. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
