"THING TO COME" Movie Review by kWRice <br /> <br /> There is another miracle that fills the scientific literature of different time and place. This is a film I've only seen in truncated parts, but art should be all over. I experienced this movie because it was designed in a dark theater on a silver screen with dirty film rolls and audience. This audience and I made this movie! One woman who lived through World War II remembered the memories of war and was complemented by a positive, albeit bright, ending. <br /> <br /> The things I paid attention from the beginning were the original loans. The first thing we see is the thickness of "H.G. Wells" in a corner block copy like the real "Superman". This is not the title of the movie, but the title of the creator, and before all other people, such as actors or production, are listed, director William Cameron Menzies is there! Who? You've probably seen your work before: "Over 80 days of the world", "Yankees pride" and "Wind gone." He was not after the Sci-Fi epic opera he and Mr Wells created, but his film, kits and design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> This image is very effective. I recognized the images of many other films that have honored this classic. The last "Hitchhiker Galaxy Guide" is obvious, with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and Holy Grail", "Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow", "Living Dead Night" and more I know, but what headlines are running away . This is a real special effect, now the scenes made with CGI are done with actors, big sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936 and it is obvious that it meant something to other authors. Wells and Menzies also collaborated with Bliss to make music, and producer Korda to create a masterpiece for message, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> Shakespeare's actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey are talking, sometimes preaching, but I also heard the lines that I still hear. "These toys kids are nowadays something like I was when I was a kid," "It helps to develop their coordination," "What do we need for books that we need to read?", "We don't need cars, go anywhere, we have there is everything we need, "" There is no war. "But the war is! "Everytown" naive citizens refuse to literally see the wall. The endless war explodes on Christmas Eve. A little boy who wants to be a good soldier, like his father, is a picture that will probably stay with me. This is the world of 1936, which was blind to Hitler's demonstration. This war does not end. The poisonous gas of the aerial wars interferes with another act. <br /> <br /> It's another darkness. No government, service or people did not carry a ride that no one remembers. Breakdown, warlords and bullying to get airplanes flying for fuel that no longer exists. The beloved is shot on the street before they can carry the plague. Midway is a wonderful vignette on Rolls Royce, it's a much needed intermediate relaxation. There is a future futuristic plane to these countries. <br /> <br /> This future is the third act. The world has built itself up with the help of this "harsh animal, human". Helicopters fly in this movie before they even invent. The plumber's assistant is for purposes other than Dalek or Glenn Miller. Widescreen plasma screens that incite the masses, and the orators that encourage people to tear everyone up. "Beware of irritation, you are warned!" Warns the city of a depressing population. So warn me, this movie may hit you like it hit me. There are some cute misconceptions and miscalculations, but the idea that provokes ideology is what you really think again, and I want to see this artificial film again. Others criticize Mr Wells' vision. 20/20 in hindsight is very easy to work with for things, costumes and scams. I believe that Mr Wells' 'things are coming' are not things, but are actually concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. Moreover, we are only now at the beginning of the new millennium and will not be in the future. It's not cheap British Science Fiction, but worthy of Epic Filmed Opera, singing the song that the whole concept goes beyond some small dated shortcomings.
