I have to admit a little disappointment with this movie; I read a lot about how remarkable it was, but the real futuristic sequences, the age of science, take a very small part of the movie. Sets and they are great when we get to them, and there are some amazing pictures, but this final sequence is not in too many other questions ... <br /> <br /> A lot of the best drama is in the middle and then played by melodrama, which derives from the very nature of this science-fiction and the insufficiently strong dialogue. There is, however, much more human life in this respect than the great Ralph Richardson sailed over the little dictator, Everytown's "Boss". I loved sending Richardson's motives and deaf, leaving the presence and idea of ​​Raymond Massey's remote and confident visitor. This Boss is a positioning, convincingly disappointed figure that cannot understand the small frying of its kingdom ... It doesn't play a big role, but Richardson does a lot. <br /> <br /> Everytown itself is probably meant to be a very representative of England or at least England. It was interesting to avoid all sorts of religious things completely; The "coming things" stand around the conflict against the military barbarian and the religion of science, which seems to have little final purpose, but simply to go on and on. It is a belated attempt to raise some of the arguments and tensions in the last part that touch more on personal "life", but one is quite satisfied. The film is not much interested in fine complexity; it goes against the field of vision and outstanding, blunt morale every time. And, of course, remembering the finals of the landed stake: Raymond Massey blamed the lyric for how insecure things are! <br /> <br /> As far as movie prediction is concerned, I have to say that it is not at all bad, given that it is obviously impossible to get the details of life right. Larger concepts have something for them; war in 1940, it was probably predictable ... will last nearly 30 years, remember! Nuclear bomb - "super weapon" or any such contradiction - in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we don't believe in independent nation states", Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately not nearly close to it, knees! ;-) There is no real policy here that is ashamed; All this surface is a very commendable anti-war mood. In general, it is assumed that dictatorship - whether boneheaded-luddite-fascist, like Boss or scientific-socialism of the all-hand pump - is * *, and these consequences will not open. we must remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge of how Nazism and Communism - or even how they came out - the lack of it seems to be negligible in other matters within the vision of filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Much of the past things I think should be and could have been cut; only the shorter things of 1940 would have been necessary, but this segment tends to be quite embarrassing, and that is the age before we reach the Richardson-Massey parts. I would have liked to do more with Margareta Scott; who is just a little skeptical about cutting off the shape of the Mediterranean with a blinking eye for nothing. A person is not being investigated or explained or exploited except for one scene that I do not break, and his relationship with Boss is not investigated; but then it was in the 1930s and there was such extensive institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly entertaining in his two roles; more in the first and unhappy cabbage, praying for war, but to consistently put down another Massey character. Massey himself does a lot of things by playing his parts with a restrained mixture and frighteningly, contradicting well with the magnificent pain, except Richardson, Scott and Chapman. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly a very extraordinary film made in the UK in 1936; one of the few serious British science fiction films to date! Its set (piece) design and use of resources is tough, wonderful. <br /> <br /> At the same time, the script is ultimately too serious and sometimes over the place. The direction is a tendency to a plane, although it increases at times or twice in places. The filmmaker and Mr Richardson do indeed save things; accordingly creating a surprised mindset with technology and an attractive, jerky performance that consistently light. Such shame is so little substance or actual film treatment for the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would have been such perfect leaders - they are not bold among British directors as bold visual storytellers, great symbols and resellers in the first level dialogue. <br /> <br /> "The things that come", as it is, is an intriguing, worth reading, but far from "Metropolis" ... "It's a lot of" silly "in Wells' words than this Lang movie. something like surprising power.
