Herbert George Wells Early Sci-Fi Making with Arthur Bliss's Music is a powerful film element. Adapted from Wells' somewhat author's work, this is a look at the human future regarding war periods as compared to periods of peace. The structure is that after a contrasting pair of normality and accumulation of war clouds, the script allows war to happen. Two families, Cabells and Passworthys, disagree with what may happen; Passworthy takes a promising overview of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is a thinker, suspicious. The city of Everytown - obviously from London - has a broken war that includes tanks, a great war march with Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds that the people who lived under the city of "Boss" were the people who played with Ralph Richardson's bravura, whose wife, Margaretta Scott, is as exciting a dreamer as she is a type of dictator on concrete. He tries to restore the old WWI planes so he can attack the nearby hill tribe to fill his little kingdom; a young scientist complains about the continuous interruption of his work for airplanes, etc. - forever; this is Wells' comment on war and progress. Survivors are also subject to a plague called "Traveling Disease". Enter a modern airplane, led by the first part of the film, Cabell, now part of the international coalition of scientists, Wings Over the World, who are planning to end warfare forever. This fit modernist has an exciting conversation with Boss and his wife, their attraction is obvious; then Boss sends their planes against them, scientists come with a large number of planes and fall into the "peace" of Everytown's ruins. Only the boss dies, fighting too hard for peace. The film then shows the mining of the ore and a slow step into the beams of the city of a magnificent new futuristic tower. In the third part, Cabell claims the future with Passworthy against the moral of human science. Reliable wonders whether they have the right to send men to the moon; Cabelli's masters husband's right to progress and the need to expand their horizons. The son of Passworthy and Cabell's daughter is sending astronauts. Religious Luddite's Theotocopulos makes a fiery call in the city forum on a big screen and directs an attack on a space weapon, which is the release of a new rocket from Earth's gravity. The top of the plot is the successful release of the space role; retreating and ending is a Cabell speech that praises the value and science that is universally considered the most sensible defense. "It's all the universe - or nothing!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "What is this?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey is probably giving his best screen; he is a thoughtful, compassionate and sensible true scientist. Cedric Hardwicke, who wants to end the age of science, is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman, who plays Passworthy, is terribly admiring the voice conference and the fear. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the almost extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​civilization led by transformer scientists is credible and credible to the viewer. This is a triumph for director William Cameron Menzies, Bliss and all those involved. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its constructed limits, it is a thinker drama that discusses two possible human futures - progress or its reactive opposite.
