I was only in the arms of a baby when George Lucas carried the world from his world, Saga, who crowned the adventures of a young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar, but even today for 20 years I can appreciate the genius that Lucas and the incredible imagination he has blessed. In a new hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories when he introduced us to memorable characters such as Happy Princess Find, Rougish Han Solo and Witty Luke Skywalker, and also the best villains, loved by Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back she went all out to show us the special effects you could add to the story and managed something that no one thought you couldn't do on the screen. He made a movie that had no specific end or beginning, and went down. Jedi's return is the perfect ending for the saga that stands in time. <br /> <br /> When the empire races ended with a lovable Rouge Han solo carbonite sent to Jabba Hut and a young Luke hanging from the discovery of a terrible truth about his Father, it felt like things were getting worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask if the rebels will ever recover from this blow? In the stunning and enchanting last chapter of Lucas, we hold the edge of our seats from the bold rescue of Han at the Jabba Palace until the final climatic battle between Luke and Vadar, when Luke fights for Jedi and rebel fighter tasks and is trying to revive the good he believes he is still in the Father's soul. <br /> <br /> Old Friends Like Smooth Talking Lando Calrissian and always loving Chewbacca reunite for one final battle to end all the battles of a new darker dangerous enemy appearing on the emperor himself (playing brilliant Ian McDiarmiud. How he missed the Oscar is a mystery. ) Desperate to turn to Luke Dark Side even if it means betrayal of his trainee Darth Vadar.All black with red eyes, ghostly white devastated face and embarrassing laughter, what he really represents is a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed event of unquestionable Master. His new and better death star spells to the rebels cause disaster, but a brave group is launching one of the last desperate attacks to end the reign of the empire. <br /> <br /> Lucas managed to add three different stories at once and keep the action riveted. We look at the excitement that Han and Find are trying to bring out the shield of the death warrior from the Moon of the Endoror Forest with some divine Ewoks (who I really don't think they would take at all. In fact, I feel they are offering the tension of the battles during and after the death) and stumble upon Stormtroopers and Imperial Officer Legions. We rejoice at Lando and other pilots when they take on the powerful Imperial Fleet and risk their lives and limbs to fly to Deatn Star to destroy it definitively. And we look at the breath, because Vadar and Emperor are trying to turn Luke to the dark side when he tries to turn his father back. <br /> <br /> But for me, the hardest and most convincing struggle is that Darth Vadar is going on. ROTJ is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar has been caught up in his loyalty to Emporer and the Empire and his Father's propensity for Luke. I never thought that the mask could show emotions, but to some extent it is not possible to see the confusion and pain in Vadar's recent scenes when Emporer Luke turns on. Vadar has more depth and emotion when I believed it was a villain, especially another machine that was human and what I think is so accessible. He's in conflict. Teacher as much as Master. The victim is as much as a villain. Unfinished too much Vadar's final scene is the most terrible and wonderful in trilogy. <br /> <br /> In summary, we can say. George Lucas is a saga. Star Wars is the most convincing and interesting in Sagas, which I have seen for a long time and I have not seen another saw yet. Jedi's return has all the necessary ingredients to complete the Lucas masterpiece worthwhile. It's action, intercourse, romance, tragedy, salvation, joy that all rolls into one, and it's memorable characters, great special effects, and memorable music make both a great movie and the end that Lucas can be proud of.
