Okay, my title is sure and it sells almost that short. I remember how Siskel & Ebert '94 talks about this movie and then plays a clip or two. Being not a rap-conscious man (although I can identify the music of Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I didn't have much interest in talking about the movie. But then S&E showed a scene where the band explains how they chose their name (using some "shady" logic and a number of "compiled" facts), and then another scene where the band and their rival band both attend school involvement (and of course NWH presents some "information" about how the rival band leader is the loser because he got good grades in school and was in the yearbook committee). So I put it out that I should see this movie. <br /> <br /> A few years later, it will appear in HBO and I saved it to laugh for hours. Yes, it has a "Spinal Tap" type of rhythm ... even a documentary takes the same "tone" in creating clips, and the band follows a similar path (which I now call "Music"). "phenomenon - chemistry with a small band is good, becomes famous, too much money too fast, beating, drugs, some kind of death, the band breaks, then agrees, finishes hoping for more albums in the future and fades black." One thing that is true is that Spinal Tape will make the band a bit more successful in the past, but touch a point, and I think it is a reduced laugh created by specific scenes. Oh, this is his story on the back of the food, this is where he wants power to go to "ELEVEN", a place where a man makes a pint-sized stonehenge, etc. <br /> <br /> Contrary to FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor. but for every joke there is no big setting, sometimes jokes just flow in. Cundieff and other band members had a real chemistry that worked, as well as direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and many other cartoon-type rappers. e strikes me a movie that you look at once to get the main story and laugh, and then go back and watch to catch fine jokes. And songs. Is "My Peanuts" Better Than "Big Bottom" (Spinal Tap)? I don't know - but they're both funny. Toon Def's terrible video during his "awakening phase" is so strange, but so funny. <br /> <br /> I can go on for a while but I save time and don't waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour and missed. You don't forget FoaBH. There are slightly less funny moments, but you will never be able to tell when something is good. Maybe my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (called ripoffs when I've ever heard) discover that they've shared the same girl ... at one point, you have these two pointers and the next thing you do Message, Head, Photographer, Girl and I think even Tone Def is in a room that moves weapons to each other, changing targets back and forth. And of course, no one can hit. <br /> <br /> I find it strange that NWH leaders suffered similar fates to Spinal Tapi drums (although none of them burned spontaneously, I don't believe). There were enough similarities that I could not ignore the probability that Cundieff saw Spinal Tapi before writing the "movie", although it is clearly more of a hip-hop spinal knock. Although some similarities exist, humor is different and the film seems to be a real documentary (maybe because we don't know any actor in this matter, even the man who played "Lamar" Nerds' revenge "). Such as NWH.
