In my opinion, this film is the weakest film in the original trilogy of Star Wars for various reasons. However, this occurs at the end of the day, despite all its mistakes. It is still a very good film, even if a large part of its quality depends on the characters from the higher 2 contributions. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the appearance of the film, which is not very compatible with other 2 films. I put it down a lot for Gary Kurtz's departure. In the first two films, it's dirty, lived with all the technology, and so on. On the other hand, "Jedi" even see rebels as they just stepped out of the shower and their uniforms were clean. This makes for a much less textured movie. The creatures were too muppet-like and cutesy too. At this point, it seems that filmmakers are more interested in creating templates for future performance than the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of originality. When "Star Wars" created a completely new experience in the cinema and the "empire", we brought the River to the strange worlds of floods, ice and clouds. First we are back in the desert on the planet Tatooine and then look at them without seeing the stars of Death (maybe the Emperor couldn't think of anything new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan might). We also have those ewoks, who are really simply reluctant, mattel-teddy bears, in the recycled version, which was supposed to be "Warsie Fight" at the end of "Star Wars" if they hadn't run out of cash. It just seems like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> For me, Jedi's most unfortunate aspect is the poor handling of Han Solo's character. When he is at the center of the first two films, he fights the screen time, trades with one-lined droids. Instead of a real drama, we are disappointed to pretend that Han is still convinced that Find loves Luke - like the "empire" where he admitted that his love never happened to him. The whole thing is very natural and hardly the fact that Solo's character was not part of the central story of this film after it was saved. Ford, for its part, seems to be bored and has no style that distinguished his earlier performances. This is more than the Ford performance of the 1990s, which is boring and watching the film itself. The Fisher's part is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced into the "empire", is here like a seeming person we care about in a giant space battle. Only Hamill, considering the interesting development of Luke's character, is really capable of doing something new or interesting in its nature. He was probably the only big actor in the film who was still looking after his work. To be fair, the script gives it much more work than other characters. Really this is his story and other characters are only part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does both excellent work and emperor. The film would have been drowned if it had been too far (as it was sometimes in the new movies). <br /> <br /> Visually and with effects apart from all the "clean" looks, it's hard to find an error. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most complex. Space battles to the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this movie is a success based on the achievements of its predecessors. But in itself, this amusing entertainment and IMHO is far better than any of Lucas's later performances.
