Brian Yuzna is often bowed down as his trash-fest leader, but the truth is that his films aren't bad at all. The results of Re-Animator are not as big as the originals, but are still worth the after-effects of fear. Living Dead 3 is the best in the series; and society is not a world that is unrealistic in the surreal masterpiece of terror. This thriller is definitely not a masterpiece; but it perfectly shows Yuzna's eye for horror and the plot moves so it is always exciting and interesting. I am really surprised that the dentist-related fear film did not change until 1996, because going to the dentist is the main fear - it runs away from the tiger in today's world. Dentistry doesn't scare me, but surprisingly; I seem to be in a minority. The plot follows perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. She has a nice house, a successful career and a beautiful woman - pretty much everything most people want. But his life gets worse when he discovers his wife's attitude to the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; because his patients feel the full attack of their anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to audience intimidation, this film itself does. However, the credit must be directed to the director in order to obtain a full-blown quota of the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is that I am not nervous about going to the dentist - another specific scene made me cover my eyes! The film follows a normal man who goes crazy, but with the dentist you always get the impression that the film has more than what we see. It is not very often that gore film can impress on the level of matter - and although it does not win prizes, the upper class parody is beautifully tied to the plot. Class B actress is actually quite impressive; Corbin Bernsen took the lead and did a good job of convincing the audience that he was really a man on the edge. I should like to thank Brian Yuzna for making Ken Foree's film. The dead star Dawn doesn't get enough work and I really love to see her in the movies. The rest do not have a massive impression, but everyone does their job well enough. In general, the dentist offers a refreshing change to the films of the nineties. Gore scenes are definitely fans of fans and I don't want to recommend this movie.
