The dentist starts on the morning of the wedding day of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). Surface Mr. & Mrs. Feinstone seems to have a nice life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles and has a successful career with responsibility, but things are very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke interacts with pool cleaner Matt (Michael Stadvec) to add a humble foundation to Alan. Subsequently, Alan discovers that Matt is also sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his neighbors, all owed to the IRS, who breathe his neck, the financial burden. Alan starts losing her mind, she convinces herself that everything is broken and rotten, like her patient's teeth, and she's up to her. This morning, at work, he starts his frustrations and anger for his patients, first the young boy Jody (Brian McLaughlin), his sexual assault is April Reign (Christa Sauls), after the hallucinations that he is his wife & deliberately performs unnecessary and painful procedures on the other . Alan also starts taking drugs because he loses it completely and goes to the killing, starting with his adulterous spouse and pool cleaner. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Yuzna I thought the dentist was a good movie and tried something a little different. The script by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is a psychological thriller rather than a straight slasher, which, to my surprise, was the last time I expected, it would have been easy to make a teenage film like Friday, 13th August 1980, with great body weight and smart wretched dentistry, but what the dentist actually turned out to be very different. A dentist is a study of a heart-like nature, where one person falls crazy and does a good job, although he has said that I am not sure what he is going through, there is sufficient justification for his later murderers. It's moving at a nice pace, with a nice narrative that I liked the constant connection that Alan makes between the breakdown of his patients and the disintegration of the surrounding world, and it's a fun way to pass 90 odd minutes. It goes without saying that anyone with phobic phobia should probably give this mistake or you will never go again! I liked the end where the boards were turned, I didn't say anymore ... <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna is doing a good job here, I really don't think I've seen Yuzna's movie, which I somehow did not enjoy, obviously and predictably, the opportunity to play with our dentist with some nice teeth torture kits, including human teeth pulling, sexual mocking, drug dealing and torture in a dreaded dentist exercise. There are also some other gore scenes, a dead dog, someone cut a knife and cut a tongue. Yuzna gives the film a definite style that was probably a small budget, she likes to tilt her camera, which makes some nice angles and I liked it when the camera is higher than someone who is crushed and immensely sprayed on the floor with a wide wide top corner. <br /> <br /> Technically, the dentist has good, decent cinematography, music and production values, although some special make-up effects are a bit convincing. Actors are pretty strong from everyone who is involved with Corbin, providing a good boost. Ken Coole, a cooler and genre favorite, will be one of the best in Los Angeles as a detective Gibbs. <br /> <br /> The dentist didn't come out as I had been waiting for, and the better your fan of fear and maybe you want something a little different, you should look at it. I liked it and I think it's definitely worth it.
