I remember that I was frightened of younger films and gradually so little until I got tired enough, because I'm sure many other viewers have changed, so the flood of passionate films produced in recent years has been entertaining for me, but did not intimidate me worship me. The dentist turned around. <br /> <br /> Setting up seems simple: a mentally unstable dentist destroys the mouth and maybe the inside of the body. The clever twist, however, is that the dentist is the protagonist of the film, so instead of being a one-dimensional bad guy with no clear motivation, his development is the most characteristic and he is very human and credible. So the viewer feels compassion for both him and his victims, and instead of hoping that justice comes to him, I have found myself in the hope that he can somehow find a way to cover his stories and return to normal life. <br /> What really "makes" a horror movie is violence. And the dentist does it better than any other film I mean. First of all, the film has a lot of tension that the lack of contemporary gorefilms tend to. In one scene (), the dentist is emotionally disturbed and has to see a small child for the first time. When she reaches the baby's mouth, you hope that the dentist and the child will end up with an injury. I'm not breaking what's happening. Second, when the gore comes, it hits all the worst, toughest nerves. Again, I don't give anything away. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is a movie you've never heard of, but it has mistakes. Most importantly, it is just for spooky fans. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, we can't get any background in the background of the characters in just a few days. And the voltage drops a little to the end. Indeed, the fact that we would even like to know the characters from the background is evidence of how good it is, and most of the film is strong enough to allow all the tensions to be forgiven. > It's strange, after years of getting used to the gore of the movie, unexpectedly seeing your eyes. The "dentist" made me intimidate and profoundly uncomfortable, and that is what my full approval deserves.
