A dentist is really a good thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we can all agree that the possibilities of working with a psycho-dentist are much bigger than monsters, vampires, or zombies. That's why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you sometimes think of your dentist. Is he able to do such things ... Better to pray that his wife will not deceive him. That is the story. A dental dentist in LA clicks on when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with a pool boy. (By the way, this must be the biggest profession in the world. Poolboys always take advantage of housewives when their husband is working) Since then, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, has only been revenge. He can no longer concentrate on his patients, and a couple of them will fall. It is not easier for our dentist to be led by a tedious tax authority, a curious cop and his suspicious employee. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can't take it anymore. Now he is not only after his wife, but to everyone who comes close to him. Dentist writes and is directed by Brian Yuzna and wrote to Stuart Gordon. You can recommend it yourself. These two people already gave us some great horror movies (and my favorites) like Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they can bring back an entertaining and very cool thriller. This movie came right on time. Until now, there were not many great horror films in the decade. I'm not saying at all that it's a masterpiece, but it's a great change. Corbin Bensen is a good dentist with hygiene. I usually remember him as an actor of comedy or drama, but he can definitely deal with a psychotic character. The rest of the majority is doing a good job. A woman who plays a Feinstone woman is really attractive. It was also nice to see Ken Foree running again. In this movie, the police play all of their favorite actor Dawn of the Dead. Yuzna was throwing him 15 years ago, and I thank him for that. I don't recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I suggest you skip it), but if you look at it, you will enjoy it very much. You're nasty ... but that's another reason I think. It has been a while since I was really puzzled when watching the movie. This is a great theme for dealing with the genre, and Yuzna is doing great. Too bad for this movie was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion about the dentist ... 8/10
