I thought ROTJ was the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered to be the weakest part of the trilogy for many who have voted. It seemed to me that ROTJ was the best because he had the deepest plot, the most intense, the surprises, the most emotional (especially the end) and certainly the most episodic film. I personally, like the empire, hit a lot back, but I think it is a little less good than the ROTJ because it was a slower motion, was not so episodic, and I just didn't feel as much tension or emotion as I did in the third. To me, after reading these surprising reviews, the reasons why people referred to ROTJ for the other two smaller films are just ridiculous and are irrelevant reasons as compared to the excellent high-end movie overall. I've heard a lot of strange reasons like: a) because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because the little Ewoks won the storm attack band d) Since Darth Vader appeared <br /> <br />, I would crush all these reasons because I I believe they will abandon this point completely. First of all, who takes care of when Bobba Fett died? When George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted him to die. Don't do it wrong, I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he did a couple of performances on the spot and Lucas' intention to make him a central feature in the films made by Star Wars fans. His name was not even mentioned in the movie somewhere ... You had to go credit to find out Bobba Fett's name! Judging by the ROTJ, because the minor died, there is a lot in my opinion ... Second, many fans didn't like Yoda dying. Of course, it was a very important time in the movie. I was not happy to see him die, but it makes the film more realistic. Not all good guys can survive in the real movie. Otherwise, if all the good guys lived and all the bad guys died, this movie would have been the same as Saturday morning. Another aspect of this issue is that people do not like Yoda's death. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader captures Ob Wan Kenobi under New Hope. (Many find that the new hope is the best trilogy) Why Obi Wan's death was okay, but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I just couldn't believe was that people found it cute Ewoks, who won the resurrection to be impossible. That's totally ridiculous! I can't believe it! First of all, Ewoks are in their mother tongue in Endor to know their homeland because they live there. When you watch the movie carefully from the many tactics Ewoks used to destroy storm races, their home field was great for use. (Because you lived in your forest all your life, I hope you learned to use it to your advantage.) They had swinging vines, ropes, logs that were meant for their walks and other traps. The storms were extremely disadvantaged because they were universal and did not know the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their blast. In addition, the fact that the Ewoks would fight themselves with the rain-gunners, was heavily conquered by the rebels. I thought if the stormmen would have won a combination of Star Wars, a rebel band and a big clan of Ewoks, which would be very familiar with their landscape, it would have been very upset. Finally, if this scene was unbelievable for you. How about the Empire attacks or the new hope of having SEVERAL scenes from a group of only Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princess, like being hit like ten storm games. and all their explosives missed when the heroes were in full view !! Not only that, of course, the heroes hit Stormtropers with their explosives. Then the troops must have a very, very bad goal! At least in the Empire Strikes Back, Endor's battle was much more plausible, because you had two armies who did not try each other not 3 heroes against the legion legion. Don't believe me? Check out the battle in Cloud City when our heroes escaped from Lando. Or when our heroes saved Princess Find and was shot (somehow they missed) when Han Solo and Luke tried to leave Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I want to discuss (others are just too ridiculous to spend my time here.) is that people didn't like Darth Vader! Well, in many ways, which was a big part of the plot in the movie. Luke tried to find out whether Darth Vader was his father Annakin Skywalker or not. It would have been disappointing if the film had ended without Luke's face on his father, because it made it ready. With Annakin's revelation, it symbolized the transition that Darth Vader went through in the dark side (his helmet) and the good people he had in Annakin Skywalker (removing the helmet). The thing is that Annakin died on the bright side and that was the meaning of the interior design scene. In fact, what I would have done in this scene when I was Luke's father ... Isn't that what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your eyes before you died and not mechanized? There is a subconscious or conscious expectation among people that the order must be worse (even if it is better), that previous films are another reason why ROTJ doesn't get much recognition as it deserves. I will never go into this fraudulent movie, I will always try to take that attitude to the movie, "Well, it may be better or worse than the original. But I don't know for sure." Let's see. "So I'm going open and not afraid to think that a clearly better movie is not as good as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these movies, but I've asked many college students and adults who are their favorite Star Wars movie and they all tell me (except for one person who said the new hope was their favorite) that it is ROTJ.I believe the results of these polls are terrible and quite misleading The bottom line, Jedi's return was the best of Trilogy, the only one of those three who kept me riveted for the entire 135 minutes. It wasn't a boredom, because every scene was either stopping, exciting, surprising or above. emotional light sword ROTJ was better than what was in the empire attacks every day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will look at Phantom's threat, openly, because when fans look for nitpicky, (or see it as "just another sequel") to film a movie like "This movie stinks because Luke is not in it!" then this earned movie becomes another remarkable movie, which is unfortunately like cutting ROTJ. <br /> <br />
