Director Brian Yuzna has been unevenly in the career of fear, creating masterpieces such as "Returning a Living Death 3" or "Re-Animator's Bride", but at the same time he has made horrible films like "Faust: Love" Fucking or Mediocre "Offspring" He's obviously better off with a producer where his work on Stuart Gordon's films has been great. tells the story of Dr. Alan Feinstone (perfectly Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist, who one day discovers that his perfect life is not as perfect as he thought when he discovered that his beautiful wife (Linda Hoffman) with a boy This event disturbs her mind and makes her kill with a smile because she takes revenge on the world because she is so "dirty". <br /> <br /> Yuzna has this assumption because she leads us after Feinstone's revenge That's what makes this movie different for most of the slasher's, is that we're not from the victim's point of view, we follow Feinstone because he's the main character. We can see how he is detaining a professional psychological murder from day one. Yuzna manages to give the film an exact amount, but adds a good dose of dark humor that really helps the movie. <br /> <br /> Most of the assumptions are in Bernen's performance as Feinstone. At the same time, he may feel compassion and hatred, and the subtle humor he characterizes is another aspect that helps the film. The rest is not so good, and I think making these sub-forces hurts the film more than it should. The notable exception is Ken Foree, who is looking for Feinstone to catch. Although his part is rather small, he does a great job with it. It is good to see that he does not move as he normally does, and I dare say that this is a highlight of the film. This is the exact amount of gore that is expected, nothing less and nothing more. Yuzna reduced himself from his usual superfluous sides and the result is great. Although it is not one of Yuzna's best-known films, I would say it is one of his best. Of course, this is not a classic material as its masterpieces, but it is a film that attracts and never gets tired or boring. This is a simple film with a small budget, but what it is, I think it shook. 7/10
