I remember this movie especially when I was a teenager, my best friend told me all about this movie and how it made him a boy. Of course, I'm blood thirsty, so I had to go and find this movie. Now, I don't know how to lose that credibility, so I'm just saying this, I had to watch this movie! I know it's silly, not the best story and bloody and terrible, but what I was looking for and the dentist gives fear, blood, sex, and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need such a fun movie to just let go and get out. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and purity. In her wedding anniversary, she spies on her wife, Brooke, who has sex with her dirty pool mate Matt. In her dental practice, Feinstone's first patient is young Jody Saunders, her first dentist. Feinstone starts cleaning Jody's teeth. Everything goes smoothly at first, until he thinks Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dentist slides, worshiping the iodine in the gums. Jody's mother picks up her crying, bleeding and kids angry. Feinstone sees her second patient, Queen of Beauty April Reign. In April alone, Feinstone calms her with nitrous oxide so she can fill one cavity in one cavity. When he got into consciousness, Feinstone predicts that he has become his wife. He starts kissing and pampering the dentist, then strangles him. April starts coughing and half waking up from gas. Feinstone pulls out his trance and shifts his April blouse. Feinstone decides to finish the day early and send their staff and patients home. Later in the evening, Brooke will meet Feinstone in his practice. He will open his new Italian opera room with the theme of opera. He encourages Brooke to try room dentistry. When he does, Feinstone binds his board and soothes him with nitrous oxide. In the background of operative music, he begins to pull Brooke's teeth out. Feinstone has gone from the deep end and will definitely not let anyone stand for purity. The best scene will undoubtedly be when he teaches that a nasty IRS agent is a lesson in hygiene that I'm sure he will never forget. Man, I don't think I have so much toothed after looking at the dentist. Yes, I warn you, this film is not weak in heart, it is very bloody. There are blunt and weapon embellishments, and it is these brutal dental torture scenes that change your abdomen. But somehow I just enjoyed this movie if I just wanted a good gore movie made for real horror fans, sliding it on my DVD player and it's "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Yes, I'm trying, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
