After her husband (Linda Hoffman) is engaged in sexual activities with a pool boy, a somewhat unstable dentist drives her already. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen), which means deep problems for your patients. <br /> <br /> This delightful side - directed by Brian Yuzna's initial and entertaining nightmare was a welcome pace of change from the usual twenties of fear that ended in the late nineties. Although the dentist is meant to be a fun and fun movie, Yuzna assures that the movie will hit the shocks and excitement that many serious movies are trying to give up. Despite the lack of a central lack of background and thus allowing events that should have been built within a couple of days, the film is intriguing, generally well-scripted, and at a good pace, allowing the viewer to retain interest, even in the most outstanding moments. "Dentist" sometimes suffers from dragging, but unlike much worse in 1998, there are only occasional uninteresting moments, and generally the film follows well. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen played a very convincing role as a sadistic, spoiled and perfectionist Dr Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen can reliably tell his ranks, especially with regard to discomfort and immorality (especially fellatio), is something wonderful. While many participants may have difficulty in portraying the purity that is obsessed with the psycho without being too cheesy or ridiculous, Bernsen really seems to fit the character of the person he is trying to portray and makes the film so enjoyable. If the dentist wasn't meant to be a fun, almost comic, horror movie, Bernsen's power would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the remainder (including the famous Mark Ruffalo) failed to perform very well, and even though it didn't really damage the film, stronger performances could have enhanced the flick's credibility. <br /> <Dentist »is not a horror film that is meant to be serious but certainly enjoyable, especially (I assume) for hair followers. Those who received the scream of Scream (1996) clicks from the late 1990s can very much rarely uneven and generally well-paced scripts, as well as some skilful direction will make one of the most pleasing horrors of the 1990s a dentist, as well as some of the most grizly and (realistically) realistic dental scenes that should keep most gorehounde happy too, also the dentist is far from perfect, but far from bad things.
