The main theme of this Dirty Harry is that vengeance is the dish that is best cold. Sandra Locke is so cold in this movie as she is beautiful. Locke is usually "8", but with a deadly gun "crashed" bad guys, he climbs across the scale to "10". A few years ago, when his younger sister had raped gangs, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, tried to prevent her life from attacking. His sister, tho, is almost comic as a result of trauma, so memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of his attackers on the street S.F. he buys a pistol, follows him to the bar, lets him pick him up, when they are alone in Cadillac, starting with love, he shoots him .... once in the genitals, once in the brain - - on the home screen! You have to love this bright woman. He has his priorities straight. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her anger on the canvas ALL NOW. After the first time, Jennifer looks at Det. Insp. Harry Callahan processes a fresh criminal scene after the body is found in Caddy. Then he offends some horrible teen bucks who are women on the street, visits his sister's nursing home, then goes to "the coast" in San Paolo, CA, where the rape event took place years ago. When more bags and more are resolved by our mind, our heroine is heavily rape with his head as he goes closer to the execution of each subsequent rape. We are not unusual for the right-handers when it comes to punishing or enforcing a violent criminal, do not worry about your poor humanity, then we remember the criminality and what it did. Such reminded events sharpen Jennifer to pull the trigger for every attacker - once in the genital organs, once in the brain. Throughout the film, Jennifer's retaliation scenes are good, IL 'Dirty Harry blows some gangs from the coffee shop, remember "Go ahead. MAKE my day." Later, he threatens to step into a punk-child (who was just offended by Callahan) in a courthouse elevator, as if he had stepped into the dog ** t, leaving a young female worker on Clint as if to say, "I want your child to be." My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes when Harry threatens and scares the murder of a mafia head named Threlkis as a deadly coronary during his granddaughter's wedding reception at Mark Hopkins Hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangel in Godfather II) does a wonderful job as a sinful Mafia Don, even if he is only in one scene, dying in the most convincing way. But Harry's troubles are not over yet! The elevator punk gang and Threlkis commanders try to murder Harry in two tight sequences and most of them bad guys die terribly. Yeah, some weapons patrons come out like an attacking screen of violence .... seeing like Clint, the director may be tired of shooting this movie that day. But there are only so many ways to get a man to send balls. Punk children die much more creatively because they burn death and drown in S.F. Bay. Warm my heart. So many violent intentions directed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses, send him to San Paolo to try to get a background of "22 caliber vasectomy killing", as Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not until Harry presents one of his famous sermons-to-the-chowder-head-liberals. Love this Harry. Although our hero is irritating the local police and citizens of San Paolo, there are two more murders, the same M.O., a buggy, lazy fisherman and an equally horrible hardware company. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They find that they both agree on issues such as law and order, guilt, etc. We just managed that. In this real person, the characters are experiencing a real woman's crime drama and we can meet Brassy bull-dyke called Raye Parkins, who is both irritating and fun. Raye founded Jennifer's rape for his "boyfriend" years ago and he finally gets it. The San Paolo Police Chief, who plays the trustworthy Eastwood spouse Pat Hingle (Hang Em High Hanging Judge), is strangely inconsistent with Callahan 22's vasectomy-related detective work until we know that his own young son was one of the rapist's gang. Like Jennifer's sister, Janning's son is now a comatose adult, but guilty is guilty. However, it cannot end here. Dyke's rape boy, Mick, who is now a relative of the offender, drives from Vegas because Raye fell into a dime for Jennifer, calling him to San Paolo to avoid more executions. Mick is sleeping at Raye's house, but his timing is wrong and he was arrested before he can spend more time with Ray, mainly because he's been to the island of Jennifer ever since. Psycho Mick finally makes a bail, Jennifer runs for him. Desperate chase, as Harry tries to kill the two. Ultimately, it turns out that a good gal and a good guy are leaving the sunset with the beautiful Roberta Flack blues.
