Despite the knowledge of most "Star Wars" fans, I think "Jedi's Return" is the biggest cinema ever created. From the time I first saw it, it's depth, intensity, special effects, and a moving story amazed me. The film was so well assembled that it has been able to try the time over the last 20 years. With absolutely powerful actions, like the climax of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us a "Jedi" Star Wars smashy finish. <br /> <br /> Summary of Movies (includes a spoiler for those who are not watching it) <br /> <br /> After "The Empire Strikes Back" left us hanging for three years, we finally find the story "Jedi return ". Darth Vader, in an emotional instability, surprises a new unfinished Death Star to track its construction. The Emperor is first seen in this film because he has the final plan to destroy Rebel Alliance and bring the Dark Side to the young Luke Skywalker. Luke, Lando, Find, Chewie, and Droids drive to Tatooine to save frozen Han Solo from the Lord; Jabba The Hutt. When Han is rescued and Jabba captured, Luke returns to Dagoba to find a deadly Yoda, where he learns terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. Rebel heroes converge with Rebel Fleet. Now, with other species and races, including Mon Calamari, the insurgents must make an all-or-something plan attack to destroy the letter of death before it is completed. Although Lando is leading the Millennium Falcon Space Attack, Rebel heroes must block the Baltic Deaf of the Death Star's shield generator, Endor. It is here that rebels happen to be furry but powerful on Ewoks. During a two-part intense battle, the third battle must take place when Luke deliberately gives Vader an attempt to convince him of the dark side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke must stand in front of his father when the emperor attracts his blind emotions. When a young Skywalker faces his death in Palpatine, Vader turns his evil master to saving his evil life. <br /> <br /> A deep, timeless story of good and evil, "Jedi's Return" is a remarkable, emotionally charged film that redeems all of us.
