When this movie originally appeared, it was promoted with an unimaginable label "Dirty Harry is Again". Whatever it was lacking in the originality of the pitch, it compensates more than full and complete accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all aspects that made the previous three Dirty Harry films so successful, tough drawing, strong signs, endless attack and dry bone humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved, but amplified - this is the darker, bloodiest and most open part of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of Hoodlums, Inspector Callahan will be sent on a forced "vacation" by his superiors to a sleepy coastal area of ​​San Paolo. His task is to investigate the recent victims of murder that were shot in genitals before he was undoubtedly thrown out of the great misery by shooting with another head. At the beginning of the film, the audience is aware of the killer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who heats the captors who raped her and her sister at the fair for about ten years earlier. This incident occurs in a very troublesome setback, the fragments of which are repeated before each new murder. As more bodies will appear with the same M.O., Harry will find out that both the local police chief and his new love interest (I think who?) Know more than they say. To make it even more complicated, one-off rapists understand who is hunting for them and is starting to hit hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Influence" offers incredible action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood himself directed this film and expertly handled a number of pieces that culminated in an amazing climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively combines a blend of mercilessness and uncertainty that defines his character. It has been said that it is fair to ask if another actor (who was not an Eastwood screen companion) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd jump in the mind of a potential candidate. Supporting cast members who are noticeably over their weight are Albert Popwell as Harry's partner Horace, psychopathic Micki Paul Drake, and truly disguised Audrie J. Neenan, who are the sorcerers of Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> But the film has some remarkable problems - some subplots (reluctance between Harry and twentieth hoodlings, Mob-vendett against him) take too much time on the screen and don't really have any bigger story. Their only real use is to raise the body's count to absurd levels. In the first half of the film, sometimes it seems that Dirty Harry lets people use more often than the toilet. However, during the advancement, the film moves to the upper gear and a triangular cat and mouse game between Callahan, Spencer and his former tormentors. In the second hour, it turns out that a more slipped and lightly redesigned scenario would have given Sudden Impact the chance to be a first-class neo noir style thriller that could have brought the series to a new level, but still more than. Instead, we get the movie that Eastwood and Warner Bros clearly wanted to do - a perfectly executed, but prototypical, eighty-year action flick that mostly rejects the particular challenge for listeners in this target audience. <br /> <br /> It was the biggest gross factor in the serial number and it's hard to see why. Although it is not a movie that it could have, it is still a big, triggering happy fun. Even after repeated views, it will do your day.
