Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry" was created by Clint Eastwood's super-harsh, super-cool unortodox, no-nonsense cinema police, whose role was called Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan. Two sequences followed, the first of which, the Magnum Force, was the first to break down, which was outraged by many critics, but with an enthusiastic audience, a pleasantly politically wrong attitude. The second sequel "The Enforcer" was again a grittier and was promoted as "the most severe of Harry". This title really belongs to the fourth film series, Clint Eastwood's own "Sudden Impact", which is undoubtedly the toughest, nastest, most violent and even more direct of all Harry's films, and my humble opinion the second best after the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! Front Spoilers! *** In a small town in San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts men alone with her. What these men do not know is that mysterious beauty is their former victim of rape, who wants bloody vengeance. If fate so desires, San Francisco will be the hardest policeman, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who has stopped his bosses in anger, spends his free time in this small small town ... "Sudden Impact" is in most ways the toughest film of Callahan. The film is extremely sharp and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is a dirtier than ever. He is not afraid to use his 44th Magnum to stop the trouble, because Harry treats "trousers" because they have to be treated and even allowed a person to kill several murders, because in his opinion the murders of revenge are justified. As always, Clint Eastwood is great in Harry Callahan's role. Eastwood gave Sergio Leone the trilogy of the Dollar's coolness and bad feelings like "Man Without Name" and he did it again in Dirty Harry's films. "Sudden Impact" gives us the sharpest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's real girlfriend, Sondra Locke, fits very well in the beauty of revenge. Greater Pat Hingle, who had already worked with Eastwood in Ted Post's heavy mindset "Hang 'Em High," plays a small town police officer in 1986. In addition, this film contains a wide range of truly despicable characters, including the miserable criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and the woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan), undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters. Albert Popwell, who played the bank robber of the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" The black warlord of "Dirty Harry" and "The Enforcer" is also part of this, this time as Harry's colleague and friend. All in all, "Sudden Impact" is about the grotesque, dirtiest and probably the most "violent" of all "Dirty Harry" movies (although "The Dead Pool" isn't exactly the tame), and my second favorite after 1971. Absolute Black-Callahan fans and highly recommended for all police thrillers and cinematographic bad things. My Rating: 8.5 / 10
