Clint Eastwood once again celebrated the battle-tired detective Harry Callahan, but would also lead the fourth entry in the Dirty Harry series. "Sudden Impact", like other extras, brings with it its distinctive style and tone, but if it is probably the most similar to the original, it is a darker and poorer moment (and gives the classic line "Go ahead. Make my day")? but some of its humor must be believed. Bulldog? named meathead, which pisses and farts. Oh yes. However, it is interesting that this entry was just one series that it would not be entirely in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story is followed by the detective Callahan, who tries to put the pieces together for the murder, where the victim was taken off the groin and then between the eyes. After you have any problems with the bosses of the office and caused some confusion with some criminals, then for his blood. He is obliged to leave, but it goes to work where he leads the coastal area of ​​San Paulo, where the murder has occurred similarly to a vein (between the ball and the groin and the eyes). There he begins to dig dirt, which leads to the idea that someone is looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> Frankly, I was not all that became hot in the Eastwood race, but after several repetitive views, I have grown so much that it is likely to be equal to the first-class Magnum Force. This well-assembled plot gives Eastwood another corner to work with (although it seems to be a rather complicated key, which at the time is rampant vigilant functions), is literally a punitive, but carefully damaging. It's like he's experimenting with a Noir-Thriller, with its characteristic features to help develop an emotionally bubbling and potential moral framework. The use of his images is enduring thanks to his slipperyly predictive atmospheres. Dark tones, lighting? like the end of a scene that resembles some of the western displays of a silhouette house (Harry with his new .44 automatic gun), moving his way toward a stunned catch on a fishing boat. It's an amazing sight that builds fear! Hauntly cold blending with ordinary brutality and sense of humor. It seemed that it came out. The main advantage of these films is the dialogues, but I wouldn't call the first-rate “steep effect”, it offers plenty of biting shifts and memorable credits? "You are a legend in your mind." Don't you just want to hear Harry if he amused amusing gypsum before he pulled out his piece. Thrilling action, if it happens, is thrilling and intense? the only way to go and the pace of flying is little by little movements. Lalo Schfrin returns as a composer (after "The Enforcer" was Jerry Fielding's assessment), bringing a methodic funky kick that breathed these gloomy clues to a text-combining score that clicked on the go-go. The work behind the camera (where he did the work with "Dirty Harry") and gives the film a great deal of scope, providing great background images in some impeccable tracking scene, as well as instrumental corners in these dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as a dinosaur, Callahan, is still packing a punch that goes beyond working with a sharp glare and probably shows a little more heart than expected from a younger Callahan. turn to Harry for recourse to justice, although he does not always agree with it - I found a strange change in the true heart that his gentlemen Sondra Locke made amazing. His traumatic gear to torment (being meaninglessly raped with his younger sister) is hidden in a glass of quiet intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate to the result. Paul Drake is completely threatening and dirty when one of the most determined rogues and Audrie J. Neenan candles with a strong, wielding and big mouth. These people are really an ugly bunch. Pat Hingle is a small coastal town leader. In smaller parts, Bradford Dillman is a pleasantly strong Albert Popwell (regular series 1-4 but with different characters). How do you forget about this "Dirty Harry"? Yes, he is a bank robber who is quoted at the end of the trademark "Do I feel happy? Well, tee, punk?"
