This last entry in George Lucas' STAR WARS films is often considered the weakest part of the game. This does not mean, however, that it is a completely worthless item in the series. On the contrary. Of course, it's not as groundbreaking as its predecessors and sometimes a bit slower, but the JED RETURN still offers a lot of entry price. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends rescue Han Jabba's palace, is classic. Jabba, a truly nasty rubbing meat that speaks in his native language, not only makes a big villain, but also a memorable one. This giant doll construction must be a nightmare, much less to give him the spark and life we ​​see in the final product. In fact, this sequence also makes it fun to use the dolls wisely for the various members of the Jabba Court, including the scary, slavish Rancor and the scary Sarlaac monster. It builds masterfully on its peak and pulls punches all the time. <br /> <br /> Things are getting a little slower around another act, where Luke discovers that he and Find are related to blood and we're traveling in the forest. Endor's Planet, where there is still a terrifying Ewoks. Most of the complaints about stories are focused on these furry creatures because they disturb the saga in some way. I do not fully agree with this, although this moment is probably a little longer than it should be. But their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), is a pleasantly memorable creation, and looking at how they handle Imperial Force technology with their simple, natural weapons is a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> By this time, we will reach the third act, but the pace will rise again as we switch to the Ewoks battle against troops, Lando and rebel forces that launch an attack against the new, semi-ready dead star, and Luke's final showdown Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter relate to the sequence of the Jabba Palace as highlighting the film. Mark Hamill pulls his actors again like Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and looking at him completely, the Jedi Knight makes an unforgettable result. Also, like James Earl Jones's voice like Darth Vader, he is rivaled only by a shrunk, crone-type emperor who played Ian McDiarm with delicious rasp and frightening evil. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of the weather conditions that are sufficiently darkly illuminated and intimidated. </Amend> STAR WARS films have always set special effects standards and the technical work RETURN OF THE JEDI can keep candles easy for your predecessors. Space battle fights as eagerly as ever, and faster cycling through the forest is a drop. Of course, given that this film was made after the new hope and the EMPIRE STRUCTURES, it should probably not be so surprising that the special effects have reached even higher levels. Operation is the classic STAR WARS fare; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher are all mature and deepened their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers more fun moments than C-3PO. Frank Ozi Yoda appears in only two scenes, but he uses it best. And yes, there is also John Williams music. <br /> <br /> Everything said, while the JED RETURN stops just in the middle, the first and third act give style, making it one of the greatest catches of the finals ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas released the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored (and updated) special editions that contained additional effects and / or shots as well as some additions. Of the three, it seems that JED RETURN has caused most concern to STAR WARS fans. Perhaps it may be due to the Jedi Rocks musical number in the Jabba Palace, which is technically amazing, but disrupts the flow of the film, but this may be because it is not so easily offended. However, I liked the final editing scenes where we see the galaxy's victory events on different planets. This DVD version has more tips - we'll see more editing finals (especially Naboo, where we hear what seems like Jar Jar Binks shouts, "Wesa free!"), And what is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker's face End Scenes. Apparently, thanks to the intense (and unfair) contempt, the fans have their somewhat noisy work in EPISODE II: kicking the clones seems to be inevitable for fans to put this publication alone. However, if you look at the STAR WARS snapshot chronologically (and consider it), it is likely that you may react slightly differently. However, this is a question raised by fans, so it's probably best to warn you in advance. <br /> <br /> As good as Lucas would release the original versions of these three classic films, he is still what he said about the "final" editions of his classic trilogy, and about watching STAR WARS movies as a whole The saga (as Lucas intended), is actually worth keeping them technically and phonetically consistent. The original films are always engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are as fun as being able to give them a chance.
