Director / star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is an intriguing addition to the "Dirty Harry" series, combined with raw film making and genius. It is mediocre and silly in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with a powerful and engaging pace. Here's a lot of the first movie echoes - "Make my day" shooting game, "Do you feel lucky", one villain is just as terrifyingly reluctant as the first movie, Scorpio, an actor who played in the First Slow, returns here to Harry's partner - just to name a name. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still in conflict with senior departments, which are still tough, but now he is older and fruitful. His constant conflicts with his bosses are the metaphor of his inner conflict - respect and respect for the law, and the desire to earn a pure spirit of justice, these two things are not always compatible. This "contradiction" is the theme underlying the series. The first film gave a simple question: "What is the victim's rights?" - (do they weigh the criminals on the contrary? vice versa?). This film's response was contradictory, prompting a sequel (the ultra-enjoyable "Magnum Force") that tried to draw a line between Harry's justice mark and pure, heartless vigilance. Dirty Harry, like many other Clint roles, is a personalization of revenge, a defenseless defender. This film, however, brings it to the victim, in this case Jennifer (represented by Sondra Locke), who decides to apologize for herself and her ruthlessly hounding and ritually filling the men (and one woman) who committed the crime. <br /> <br /> I am not saying that playing the whole movie by playing - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" repeats the first movie - it actually slightly reduces the references and jokes from the whole series (confusion about the master's surname is an example - deliberate prank, I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is pure - did our rogue hero find a soul mate in this lady? And is he a vigilant or a victim who rightly stands for the injured rights of him and his sister? The exchange of these two at the end of the film is a series of poetic divergence that I personally (as a fan) found quite moving. This last scene alone will have a dramatic effect on the legitimate climax of the Dirty Harry collection, the perfect answer to the first film conflict. (Don't knock the "The Dead Pool" - this great movie was a relatively light-hearted but comic thriller with Harry Callahan rather than a movie that characterizes it). <br /> <br /> This movie did well in theaters - Reagan era viewers found Harry and his delight to be quite tempting, and the president often quoted "Go ahead, do my day."
