It is strange to see a movie where some scenes work rather weakly (when compared to other legacy movies), while others in the sub-line or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and strong. The sudden effect is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood, as a star / producer / director, shows when he gets his best or his landlord when he is dealing with his Dirty Harry famous crime / secret / detective. We get that "do my day" and I don't like the first movie, where his "all fortunate" speech was playful and cool for the first time, and the second time at the end of the tough nails, here it is switched. He enters another department, as usual, when he tries to fight "crime" with crime, especially a canteen robbery (Pulp Fiction inspiration?) And driving at higher speeds with older buses. He has said "take a break" and this is the last thing he thinks. This whole piece is not as convincing as the story and lines expected, which simply adds frustration. But soon his story will join Eastwood's ambassador. <br /> <br /> Enter Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, whom we will learn shortly after some (appropriately) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were victims of a cruel, unfair sexual attack (error, direct rape) and is sleek, secret like vengeance. His scenes and story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally, when he goes to the Callahan story (he gets the facts in the small town where he is murdered), the film finally finds Eastwood's classic form. clearly defined good and evil (though sometimes cloudy to be sure). Eastwood filmed the setbacks, not to mention too much, expertly, freshly and experimentally; The brand Lalo Schifrin scores in these scenes and other atmospheres. It seems that the sensitivity of the works of art, which helps to watch the film, has sometimes seemed to be the style of storytelling by Eastwood. <br /> <br /> But it is shameful that it will eventually go to more expected (or unexpected) points, and until the end of the third act, Callahan will not do much, except for his usual "wand ... Wesson. and me ”. But with Locke he gets a very good result (finer and touching than Gauntlet) and an exciting climax in the amusement park. Just like I do and disagree with Ebert's comment that it's like a "music video" in the Eastwood style here. I admit that there are comparisons with both simplicity, directness, but scenes where Eastwood does not break are better than any music video. It's cheesy, it's a hard knife, it's not equal to the first two "Harry" pictures, but hey, it may be a worse way to spend a couple of hours together .44.
