After "Star Wars: New Hope" re-fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but it's really a nice job. The first part of the movie solves the remaining rockers with a developed escape plan that matches the incredible gap and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the rebel union and what is happening in the war. There are many activities in the scenes that make up the final confrontation with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already at the edge of its seats, all that leads to it, and this last battle is even more intense than other films. This climax is definitely closer than any other part of the trilogy, most of all against the rebellion. It is constantly changing between the ground struggle between the rebel strike team (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Find), in battle in space (including Lando), and Luke and the Emperor between the Emperor and the new dead star leading to Duel Vader. It is really intense because the insurgents seem to be losing a battle that determines the end result of the war, and it seems like an escape. Although I think that the ideas of Ewoks over power sources have been somewhat far removed, it did not seem very unrealistic because they were rather distracting for the insurgents to use it, rather than the real threats to the poisoners, even though they had some luck against them. At the end, there are twists or two that no one has seen coming, which may not be as stunning as the "The Empire Strikes Back" but is still a very remarkable trilogy. With the "New Hope" light tone and the brighter tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this movie really completes these two finals. The special version of "Jedi's Return" focused on what would have been nice to change because not much of the original was actually needed. Fifteen years of technological advancement did not appear to be a fifteen-year spoil for the rancor scene, and the TIE destroyer is still disappearing from time to time, but apart from being good. The burning, non-threatening Sarlaac's mouth got out of the moving tentacles and the big airplane trap that appeared, which surely escapes. The disco was also taken out of the Jabba Palace and at the end of the original, a huge victory event was replaced with the whole galaxy, rather than the small village of Ewok. Really the story of this great as it deserves. It is hard to say which of these three films was the best, but because it all belongs to the same story, the whole trilogy is like one big, outstanding film. THIRD HAVE TO FILM FANS.
