Vigilante has long been listening to the audience because it creates a sense of fast and solid justice; Good triumph over evil and bad boy gets his deserts. In fact, this is one of the things that has changed the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (as played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He carries a sign and works in the law, but heartily is Harry's vigilant, who understands his justice, which often puts him in conflict with both his superiors and the criminals he deals with. But that's what drives the audience; Anyone who has ever been under a bureaucratic sense of joy is pleased to see someone cutting the bureaucracy and continuing with it - even if it is only on the screen. And the satisfaction that comes from the administration of justice - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes the sudden influence that Eastwood is leading and celebrating so successful. In this fourth series, at the time of killing, Harry is at work bona fide vigilante - an individual whose justice mark equals his own and one exception: whoever it is, he is certainly not a label. <br /> <br /> Inspahan Callahan has come to the department's bad luck again and has to take time off for the rest. So he does; if only "Dirty Harry" gets. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds it in the middle of a shock-proof slaughter case that quickly refers to the unique M.O. offender. It is incomprehensible that Harry meets the resistance of local police chief Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his big city tactics and methods elsewhere. No one to be avoided continues Harry's research, which ultimately includes a beautiful and talented young artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Harry gradually discovers the connection between the victims; the burning question, however, is where Jennifer Spencer fits the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is up here, both in front of and behind the camera, and it is undoubtedly the top five series of films, right behind the original "Dirty Harry". It had been seven years after the last Harry offer ("The Enforcer", 1976), but Eastwood stepped back to character and renewed power. And this is definitely helpful under the direction of the director, because he can restore his nature, not only his character, but the spirit that made these films so successful, and he does so by knowing the territory and continuity that all except the seven-year relationship # 3 and 4, goes out. Like all the movies he controls, Eastwood sets a deliberate pace that works perfectly for this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and finish it interesting from the start. <br /> <br /> The script by Joseph Stinson is well written and formulated for such a distinctive "dirty Harry" style; Dialogue is gentle and the story itself (created by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most interesting from the original "Dirty Harry", because it tries to play the very personal aspects of drama, not entirely. The characters are well-drawn and convincing, and of course this is the film that gave us one of Harry's best fishing statements: "Go ahead - do my day ..." <br /> <br /> Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements make this character so popular: It lives with a personal moral code, a true individual created from things that we see as pioneers who solved this country and made America what it is today. Harry personalizes the feeling of freedom and justice that we all try and keep so expensive, perhaps even more today than ever. No matter who we are or where we come from, it is undoubtedly part of us who wants to be Harry or at least around him. "Dirty Harry" is a cinema icon and it is impossible to imagine anyone except his figurative Eastwood; Better or Worse, Eastwood "is" Dirty Harry, no doubt, as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is here completely in the role of Jennifer Spencer. a young woman convicted and revenge or, as she sees it, "justice". He succeeds in bringing a difficult position to a vulnerable place in his character, with a convincing, introspective approach that is far beyond what is characteristic of action. Even in the midst of violence, Locke has focused on Jennifer and the traumatic events that have led her to her life stage. His imagination complements Eastwood's Harry and, in philosophy and deeds, becomes something mutually exclusive. <br /> <br /> For supportive roles, two shows stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best. psycho "as Andy Robinson's dynamic imagination of the serum killer in the original" Dirty Harry. "What really is a very limited screen time, Drake creates a truly uneven presence that is plausible and convincing, adding a lot of the audience's purely visceral response. you can't wait for Harry to take care of it, and Audrie J. Neenan is also effective, making his character a Ray Parkins, a "low-life" mind-set that can be found in any city in any bar. highlights the intestinal response and significantly enhances the credibility of the film, as it helps to ensure the sense of realism needed. <br /> <br /> Supporting casting includes Albert Popwell (Horace) Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Ms. Kruger). with a mixture of "sudden effects" justice, which is a liberation from reality, the perfect justice is a non-perfect world that makes a satisfying cinematic experience.
