Who says zombies can't be turned into useful community members? Certainly, "Fido" makers are not leading us to the endless ground of the 1950s, where the undead has become a central class maid and maid. Timmy Robinson is an American boy who emotionally gets a new full-time domestic family - a recently resurrected zombie, Timmy has affectionately named Fido. All this has been made possible by Zomcom, a big-brother-type organization that has found the ability to change zombies (who originally produced the "life" of space radiation) to be manageable and famous - at least most of the time. <br /> <br /> This twisted, modern spin TV series "Lassie" - it can easily be called "Boy and his Zombie" - takes such upcoming troubles of the 60s satirical swips as obsessive social correspondence (here-Joneses means that he has more zombie servants than bystanders), sterility of suburban life, corporate control of social affairs, corruption of small towns and values ​​of the nuclear family - everyone played through a beautifully designed layout with colorful houses and unnecessarily cared lawns. The film did not hit the audience with its message and did not make an endless hyperbolic laugh. Instead, it is a low key, subtle little satire that awakens seductive jokes rather than full-blown fires. Much of humor stems from the instability caused by the appallingness of the placement and the cavalier attitude of death shown by the good citizens of the community (Life Magazine has been replaced by Death Magazine). Despite some playful graphic violence, the film remains with the spirit of innocence, which we usually associate with the 1950s as well as cheesy, low-budget horror films that were so much part of this decade's pop culture scene. > <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are friendly and appealing because of the wide-eyed Timmy and his Cleaver-parents (slightly tears of undertones), while Billy Connolly achieves a very impossible task to bring the role of the resurrected body to much humanity and depth. <br /> <br /> This is what Lassie could have been Timmy's best friend without rabies.
