In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we introduced London, where slackers and high and powerful both are forced to fight meat eating, reanimated corpse versions of their friends and family. At the end of the movie, it is recommended that zombies be rendered harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents us an epilogue "Shaun", which was set in the 1950s in America, wisely and originally "what-if ...?" film. <br /> <br /> The film is a post-zombie apocalypse for change; After the Zombie Wars fear, the ZomCon company and their patented zombie collars, which make the bodies dead and sheep, ended. Every city in the world is confined to a wild zone, once a fertile landscape that has survived the surviving zombies and remnants of apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical, indigenous 50's suburbs with one small difference; social status is measured by family domesticated zombies. Unfortunately, Robinson's family has no zombies because of the terrible fears of the Patriarch, Bill. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer under the pressure of suburban life, until the day Helen buys the zombie-servant's desperate attempt to impress neighbors. <br /> <br /> Zombie serves Timmy's love when he rescues him from a pair of violent bullying and two compete against classical "boy and dog" clichés ... boy and his zombie. Timmy calls his "pet" Fido and he will soon be helping both Timmy and Helen to get away from a prison-like routine. Bill has brought them in. Robinsons must bind to a sudden natural zombie epidemic and still be able to keep their beloved Fido. Matrix Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a zom-com age. For some fairly twisted sub-blocks - for example, sweet and amazing feelings that Helen and Fido are coping with - and an amazing commentary on the 50's suburbs and zombie genre, the film can bring out the worst (and best) in its characters while allowing them to take care of them . <br /> <br /> "Fido" is by far one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen for a long time, and the best zom-com from the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
