Okay, I didn't know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido, honestly, when I came across the video shop, I was tempted to rent this movie, but I really didn't get anything like that. But when I looked at Netflix, they advertised it as crazy when I liked "funny" scary movies, so I thought I'd just give it a picture. I'm so glad I watched it, it was just a great movie, it was fun and so nice to watch. As I said, this will meet Pleasantville's living dead night, it's just a great concept that happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun, making zombies "handy". This is a very neglected horror / comedy movie, I think many people just died out of Shaun of the Dead that it got started. But this is a great story and the majority was perfect and just made it a really funny movie. The 1950s alternating universe, where space radiation has transformed dead zombies. It is still emitting humanity, because all those who die after the initial contamination become the undead. In order to live a normal life, communities are limited by the help of Zomcon's leading company. Zomcon offers collars with the supplied remote controls to control the zombies' hunger for meat to be used as slaves or servants. In Willard, housewife, Helen, buys zombie despite her husband's Bill's zombie-phobia. Their son, Timmy, interacts with the zombie, calling him "Fido". One day, Fido's collar worked and he killed his neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy kills a bombed neighbor. If the missing neighbors blame a couple of local bullies, they catch Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and rescues the Timmy and Fido bullies and they are trying to forget the whole thing. Several days later, the neighbor's body is found and the murder is led back to Fido, who is taken to Zomcon, where the public is told that he is being destroyed. Timmy is learning through a friend that Fido is just working at the Zomcon factory. Timmy is trying to help her with the help of her neighbor, a zombie girlfriend who hopes to get back to Fido. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie if you have the opportunity to see it, it's so stupid but fun. Billy Connelly did a great job, like Fido, and really brought, not upright, a lot of character. I think the scene that smiled me the most was when Timmy had to bury the old lady Fido attacked and killed, her last words were so funny to her, "you were not really nice, but you liked the flowers so ??? "And he buried him in the garden. Not to mention a neighbor who has a zombie girlfriend, sick, annoying, wrong, but the classic laughs. I still love that, although it's like a Leave It To Beaver-esquire-type world, the movie still has a lot of gore. So if you have the chance to see Fido, take it, I promise some good smile. <br /> <br /> 9/10
