As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to review it. I heard it, I found a trailer. After that I knew I had to see it. And I'm so glad I did. Want to see the classic television that is mixed with zombies? No? Then get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie that is different from what I've ever seen. Well, actually it is. It's like Lassie episode and Zombie movie. Although combined, it seems completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well this new pet is not a sliding parakeet or a potty trained puppy. This is a re-animated dead man ... zombie. The big beam of cloud captured the Earth, bringing all the dead highs that led to Zombie Wars. Although ZomCon's head researcher Reinhold Giger discovered that when the brain was destroyed, the zombie killed, which gives us the edge and victory in the Zombie War. Although, due to constant radiation, anyone who dies becomes a zombie. What may be the problem especially for the elderly. Although Zomcom is again making more breakthroughs, especially with Domestication Collars. The collar prevents the zombie's need for human meat and makes it a household pet harmless. But not everything is in this Zombie Utopia, collars, old people die and .... well, I just let you watch this incredibly unique flick. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea. The whole-star cast and great writing FIDO rises above the most comedy / horror genre. There are many funny and original situations that really made me entertained. Although after seeing the film, I think the film would have been black and white better. In less than 90 minutes, the movie is not continued for too long and moves from scene to scene at a good speed. It's probably going to be a cult-classic class because it's not really laughing out of comedy or even horror. This is a comedy / family / zombie film immersed in the 1950s vibe. If you thought that something I said here was interesting, check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, turn your leg back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
