A year ago, I watched TV news when the story was sent about a zombie movie shot in my area. Since then, I have paid particular attention to this film "Fido" because it stopped production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in my local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article that noted that Fido did not attract audiences for a limited time, except for our local theater. In fact, all the other exhibitions here are in The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this is reasonable because many locals want to see themselves on the screen or on the spot to roam around with a zombie guy. And for other local people who haven't seen Fido yet but are considering it, I can say that there are many pictures on the screen, from school to city park to the restricted zone you know. In fact, they make Okanagan Valley beautiful. This is a zombie movie with beautiful scenery! But Fido himself is a very good movie. Yes, despite my mistakes, it's better than most of the 20 other movies that play on my local market. The Fido is best described as the Lassie episode, where the colitis has replaced a member of Undead. This is a clever assumption. And the film goes further, taking advantage of the 1950s emphasis on compliance and playing the Cold War paranoia that led to McCarthy. In addition, it is based on the understanding that zombies can be stolen or trained by George Romero for the first time on the day of the dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a small town boy who is a mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longing for a zombie servant so she can be like any other house spouse. But his father (Dylan Baker) is against this idea as he ever had to kill his "zombie father". Finally, the family acquires a zombie called "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to life with Undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by pain. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, longing, hate and loyalty through only his eyes, drilling body and ground. Connolly shows that he can play better with worse characters than his outrageous comedian. This is his best role since Mrs Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows traces of other recent zomcoms such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. For someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor in my horror. But I understand the criticism of those horror fans who feel that there is not enough "Undead carnage" in Fiji. But I'm sure that the patient's viewers will be rewarded with gentle humor. <br /> <br /> The film does not fall into the third work. Just as the writers would be so cute in the cute room of domesticated zombies in the 1950s, they forgot the arch. Given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation of seeing the neighborhood on screen, I appreciate Fido 10 out of 10.
