Long ago, far and wide in the galaxy ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original "Star Wars" movie was released. He doesn't remember the movie for the first time, but he doesn't remember that life either. He remembers the first "Star Wars" thematic gift he received ... with an incandescent bulb made up of the original set. He was too young to fully understand how special this gift would be. But years later, he got what he's doing today as one of the best gifts he's ever received: the second box full of figures, the last ten that he needs to complete his collection. Now it is legendary in the boy's family, how the last needed figure, Anakin Skywalker, stopped in production and stores, and how this boy went about ten years (until he got to college) trying to track and finally buy it from someone in his dormitory floor, where is the bag of beer hooks (don't ask ... it's the University of North Illinois). <br /> <br /> I can't watch the Star Wars movie. It represents a very good, fun and magic in my childhood. In my opinion, it does not separate between Christmas, birthdays, summers and winters. In winter, my friends and I would build snow forts and pretend we were at Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My friends' father built them in a drilling house and it was Ewok village. They also had a large pine tree, whose northern branches were high enough to create a cave below it, and it was a great place to pretend we were at Yoda's home. In "Star Wars", I am disgracefully dorky and I think people just understand it or they don't. I don't get a "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the brave fan groups that follow them, because I'm a fan of George Lucas films. <br /> <br /> I don't feel the need to defend my opinion about these films as some of the greatest time. Every time I put them on a DVD player, I feel like eight years old when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was finding out how I started watching Anakin Skywalker's figure. > <br /> Grade (for all trilogy): A +
