If you like horror movies with lots of blood and gores, then tons of jumping frightening moments and unreliable, upbeat events that cause scary death, look elsewhere. If you like a quiet, desperate, thoughtful fear that throws blood away for a real sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Intelligent, stressed George, his psychoanalysis wife, Kim, and their young son, Miles, are going to the snow countryside to get a long weekend break. On the way, George strikes his car stagnant. The deer who had been dreaded were not excited to find that George had stopped his chase. Especially, this retreated hunter Otis himself. He follows the family to his vacation home, ensuring they see him. She spies on George and Kimi when they have sex. He burns through his windows with his rifle if they are not at home, letting them return to their windows and walls with holes threatening. When Kim takes Miles to the pharmacy in town, Miles attracts a small sculpture that has been carved to remind a man with a head-head. The Native American man tells Miles that it is Wendigo, the spirit of the forest, who has the taste of the meat and is always hungry. Miles takes her home, who is already frightened by the death of the deer before. That afternoon, when he and his father went slipping, George and Miles were shot, what a spiritually afflicted creature looked through the forest, or was he just in shock and depicting the whole thing? Hours are rushed to George's hospital and Miles, who still grabs his shape, dreams or sees a vision search where Wendigo returns. This time is angry, the meat is eaten by God - the tree, part of the stag and part of the man - to hunt Otis who has finally gone over. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made film that is almost completely silent, but Because the wind blows through the snow with trees. Okay, so the monster itself is such a fakey-look, but it's a small mistake that is more than a real sense of tension and fear that slips through the film every frame and silent, snowy countryside. The performances are great, especially Jake Weber as a desperate and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but non-nonsense wife. They are happy couples with their share of common problems, and this is the strength of their interaction and love for each other, making this film capable. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's video, so the performances are realistic. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people may get bored, waiting for the awful Lovecraft beast and bloody revenge that has never come. We can never be sure whether Wendigo even exists in the eyes of a sensitive child and later also through mad eyes. It is a psychological drama rather than a horror film, but it has more than horrible elements to satisfy the fans of fine horror.
