Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) are driving the country from the lively metropolis of Manhattan for the winter weekend. On the way they hit a stroke and hit the snow. A group of hunters who watched the box came along. Instead of helping, at least one hunter, Otis (John Speredakos), is crazy because the crash hurt the horns of the dolls. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otisi and even worse that we quickly find out that Otis has learned where they are. Meanwhile, Miles is given an Indian, whom only she has seen, a wendigo (a spirit / monster changing a shape of India). Is Otis a psycho to get our heroes? Are there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a problem with viewers. It is a relatively low budget film, which often has technical limitations. Much of the movie, and perhaps all of it, is not really a title creator. And perhaps a deadly blow to many people, this is a very vague end, a number of questions remain unanswered. If you don't want such an end, and you don't like movies that are meant to think of you and discuss what everyone meant, do yourself a favor and take care of Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like this. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Wendigo marketing is aimed at those who want a quick and frightening creature, where they are waiting for a great battle with some supernatural monster who is finally defeated, and everything is closely related, except for the opening of Wendigo 2: Monster returns, but this is not the film. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic when the flick surface of such a creature would be desired by most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, saying Robert Frost. The key to the film is the Frost poem and George's comment that Frost can create complex shapes and atmosphere from seemingly simple things. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about film is its complexity. In a sense, there are four different films at the same time, the yarn of each character. In George's theme, he is not the happiest or the most pleasing man in the world and has some problems with parenting. For him, the film is a real and terrible descent from his life, which is getting worse off. In Patricia's theme, she is looking for rejuvenation of her life and family. He is a psychologist who mostly denies his problems, hoping they will go away and heal. In the Otis thread he is even more lucky than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the final "gap" in his psychological armor. And in Miles' thread, which is probably the most important film, life is like a young poem because of her youthful innocence and world interpretation. But this is a horror story, although no shine of hope and film events give Miles' poetic interpretations a dark turn. However, when everything is said and done, it seems to be the only one who retains its tenderness because of the poetic outlook. <br /> <br /> Although the film is a low budget, there are many well-executed higher budget targets. Fessenden and photographer Terry Stacey find great shots in beautiful places and created interesting slideshows like montages (for example, maps or Indian wendigo pictures). There are also some more interesting traditional installations, such as Miles Nightmare. Wendigo is better and edited than many big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" at the end worked for me and was vague. The lighting was usually good - it was a few times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they might have been, but seemed to be a problem with the film (it could have been digital) or the transmission. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you rate it) than most movies. Although I did not really see the score, it must have been good or I would have noticed it with a negative rating. <br /> <br /> In general, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves caution, as long as you don't have to think about the movies you watch.
