A remarkable example of cinematographic alchemy at work, with trite'nurgers with a one-off script (numbered on average by the average Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, not less), which is magically transformed into a subtly glowing 24-carat musical drama thanks to its fast direction, fresh, interesting performances, on-the-spot output values, 50-year-old New York fun, infectious effervescent tone, and great Curtis Mayfield's true rhythm and blues <br /> <br /> The story, based widely on Supreme's real-life vivacity, documented three bright-eyed, impure black teenagers The girl's singer's climbing-rich climbing, desperately longing to escape her rat, getto bad honor and makes it a great business world R&B music in the shameful world. All the obvious immediate wealth and successes - egos who run destructively amok, drugs, corruption, fight for their honesty, etc. - are foreseeable inevitably, but fortunately, in other film departments, the equally smooth work is almost completely canceled by Schumacher's flat, uninspired. First-rate action helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, lively and appealing leaders and great singers. Compared to fine performances is also brought by the charming, boy-pre-Miami vice president Philip Michael Thomas, who is a group patient, gentleman, Dorian Harewood as McKee convincing, aggressively gracious dog call boy and perennial blaxploitation baddie Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem," Bucktown " ) King as a dangerously seductive, smooth, rocky cold nasty gangster Tone dips and is fun and frightening for melancholic and horrible without skipping, which develops into a brilliant, uplifting part of the human's extraordinary ability to effectively overcome extremely heavy and frightening coefficients. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern is excellently in his director's debut, Bruce Surteese's luminescent cinematography and Gordon Scott's expert editing are both flawless. O'Ster's firm understanding of the atmosphere of the period, caring for tiny eyes, but with little detail and amazing busy , the uninterrupted sense of pace is just as impressive Curtis Mayfield. "Jump", "What can I do with this feeling", "Givin 'Up", "Take my hand precious Lord", "Lovin' You Baby" and "Look at your heart" are all terrifying, spiritual, almost incredibly fantastic songs, loved by the sparkling numbers "Something she can feel", which was later covered by both Aretha Franklin and En Vogue. The net result of all of these outstanding attributes above shows convincingly that sometimes this scenario is not as much as done with this script, which in turn determines the overall quality of the movie.
