It was a double-interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century was never the centerpiece of the film *. The closest I mean to movies with Einstein is CAESAR'S CAMPAIGN, where (like "deus ex ma-china") the great man hears the radio spectrum exhibition point, so Ronald Colman has proved to be the right answer, and BULLSHOT, where big Albert is one a dozen leading physicists and scientists who have been using drugs by the villain with the intention of stealing some of their machines. It is noteworthy that these two cases and IQ are comedies. So far, no one has tried to make a serious movie about Einstein's life, as John Huston's attempt to make one FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it's too difficult to get the secrets of the mathematical equations world or the electromagnetic field theory into an exciting dialogue. But then only three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer did BEAUTIFUL MIND. Maybe no one really tried. (* After that, I remembered YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious ten years ago, but this is an exception and it was a scam.) The other surprise was the actor who played the big Albert. It was Walter Matthau, who took a time away from his film from the last decade of a movie with Jack Lemmon. Matthau was a very capable and talented character actor in both comedy and drama, but usually his comics were his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich variants of FORTUNE COOKIE. They were connectors and gonifs. Later they cast their criminal beliefs because we liked them, but they were difficult. But his Albert Einstein is really sweet. Like his own Cinderella as Willie Clarke. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert's good old uncle Albertin. It seems that Matthau Einstein lives with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) in Princeton and sees a professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs and they take it to the car where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls to Ryan, who is interested in him, but finds he lacks the spiritual equipment he admires. The good old uncle Albert, assisted by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks) decide to give their help to Robbins and make him an unknown physics genius. It opens up romance doors between him and Ryan when Ryan is impressed and Fry does not break things (as he hopes to do). <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet, like Matthau and his chums superphysics quiz, which helps Robbins cheat (changing his body positions). As a result of the plot, it is a direct lie that the brilliant Robbins has built a rocket ship with atomic energy that brings the interests of the people into the face of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). <br /> <br /> It was a charming comedy and an interesting stretch for Matthau that he was not as hyper as normal, but much more modest.
