Yes, you read this right, kids. Michael Bay would have had to study this film before he made his "jump", overweight, meaningless "Transformers" movie. "Robot Jox" is better than both, and it will probably cost less than the "Transformers" team, who spent Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this small robot art that was originally known mainly as a movie that went bankrupt by Charles and Albert Bandi's Empire Pictures studio has evolved over the years as a cult. I keep in mind while watching VHS during the release of videos published in the early 1990s, and although some of the Cold War era policies / stereotypes had already expired by that time (the luck of the bands that communism fell when the film was sitting on the shelf, waiting for release, right?). ), it's still pretty fucking cool B-Movie. They don't do it anymore, or when they do, they go on the route and the CGI things to unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who don't know, here's the Robo Scoop: We've been banned somewhere in the future and after the Holocaust of Nuclear Weapons. Disputes between peoples are now resolved by my-a-mano (or maybe it should be machine-o-machine-o) by one side on both sides, fighting against each other in gigantic Shogun Warrior style robots. Neither bot away from the fight, wins the "to". Gary Graham (who later played Detective Sykes in the "Alien Nation" TV series), plays "Achilles", the biggest Robot Jock on the marketplace (this is a good boy). Achilles is in his previous nine robot races (ten are the maximum number of battles before "Jock" retires) and he is facing the confrontation "Confederacy" at the beginning of the film (ie Russkid!). , psychotic Alexander (who is the bad son of the most "evil Russian" stereotype, because Dolph Lundgren's infamous turn is Ivan Drago's "Rocky IV"). The competition is called drawing when Alexander breaks the rules with the illegal Robot Move at the last minute and not only kills Achilles, but kills a whole host of spectators. The detour is planned to be completed, but Achilles just wants to bow down, hang his helmet and move on with his life. Rather than breaking the spoiler rules, I reveal much more, I just say there are many turns, behind the scenes, skullduggery and other difficulties for Achille and his companion "Jox" before the two robots titans finally come into the final again. <br /> <br /> I hope I will not make this film any kind of science fiction masterpiece because it is not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I'll give it a bit higher concept than your average B-grade sci-fi movie, and while budget restrictions from time to time tell you (especially scenes that contain somewhat painful green screen tricks), it's still the best look ever Out of the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Robot fighting scenes are very well done using old graduation movement / model techniques, and kits and costumes don't seem to be halfway. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon captured the stars with this picture for sure. Unfortunately, it didn't go out to them (or to the studio), but at least we got one hecky cool little movie. Bottom Line: If you want to be phonetically and visually attacked by 2+ hours, you can freely rent a Transformers movie. After all, you feel like you've spent the whole time playing someone else playing video games. If you want the rock'em, sock'em robot to be on time, take Robot Jox instead.
