"Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an aging man who interacts with a straight arrow in Mexico, happily married to an American businessman (Greg Kinnear). Although sardonic Julian (ironic called "Noble") seems to be a "harsh man" on the surface, he is only a mass of neuroses and insecurity that understands that his chosen profession has left him practically alone. world and friendly. So, on his birthday, he will come out with Danny, a man who has been living by playing the rules and who is strangely intrigued by Julian's "unusual" lifestyle. In fact, both men find each other a person they can never have, but want them to get in their quieter, self-esteem moments. <br /> <br /> While the film is a bit too reminiscent of "Analyze This and" Midnight Run "are familiar with the fresh and original" The Matador ", but earn points for the complexity and quality of their characters. Brosnan, looking obsolete and almost weary, sucks his teeth on Julian's role in a way he never had before. Brosnan plays a man who seems constitutionally capable of seriously associating with another human being, a flip and a cavalier at one point, a true and compassionate following. He always keeps us out of balance so that humor never becomes crass or hidden. Kinnear is also great because the usual Joe businessman who finds himself pulled out the Dark Side more and more when his relationship with Julian gets worse. Hope Davis does a good job as "Bean", Danny's loyal and loving husband, who, like his wife, finds this mysterious and "dangerous" person far from the world he knows is interesting. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we feel that "Matador" keeps us back, not the depth of our situation and assumptions. Finally, it seems a little too light, a bit too small to record the impact it should do. This may be because he is a writer / director of Richard Shephard's film debut and he hasn't started his movie yet. Nonetheless, we appreciate that it is not always obvious and that it is closely focused on the two main shapes, rarely adapted to triting or with a light laugh. <br /> <br /> "Matador" is a flawed but generally fun little comedy that will hopefully give a new stage to Brosnani's acting career.
