Marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is related to a German girl (Maria) who is married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) at the end of the war. After half a day and a night of marriage, Herman will send again. Finally, Maria starts working mainly at the American soldiers' bar and getting to know the black soldier. He got the word that Herman died in front of him and things were developing between him and an American soldier. Herman walks in bed and Maria America killed after the confrontation between her and America. Herman confesses the murder, comes to jail and Maria promises to wait. The country is dim; sees people who leave everything they are busy with for a cigarette. There is a food shortage. In short, the time to survive is the best. Basically, this film represents Maria's attitudes - the attitudes she promises in the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for the disappearance of the German soul after the war was over and how she restores her. For example, Maria has the following conversation with a traveler (played by Fassbinder himself); The footballer tries to sell his excellent copy to Kleist and notes that "Kleist is burning fast, it does not provide enough heat for the cold". The footballer answers, "This is another way to see it. It is probably the right way now." <br /> <br /> Maria will meet with French / German business man Karl Oswald after he goes to the first-class train chamber. He decides to involve Karl: "You are not related to me, I interact with you". It also takes responsibility in the company and after some time the company is fully trusted. When Karl says, "I think we just have to wait for miracles," he says, "Do I prefer to do miracles?" According to him, he has become "an economic miracle of Mata Hari". <br /> <br /> In many Fassbinder films, he tried to reveal the psychological processes behind social mechanisms (see Freud); In other words, he liked to drive his camera with bull, t false social mechanisms, pretending. The direct approach taken by Maria in this film is a success for this ideology. For example, he calls with Karl and when he receives the phone, his application is right to "I need someone to sleep". As Fassbinder said, "The feelings that people knew did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we should be members of the proper functioning of society". He also noted that his films are emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially liked the scene where Karl and Maria met in the Munich restaurant (probably often visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears under control and Karl is just underneath, as if Mary's "brutal honesty" throws her away, as if she was no longer in the situation. Karl says, "I have to tell myself again and again that I love life". Maria replies, "It's not life. Just as we would make a contract to enjoy life. And then we go to eat and talk about food." I think this also applies to Fassbind's attitude to relationships, so that he never gives up on anyone. And why should you, when most of his films have a central issue of "What love in this society becomes commodity, power, weapon." <br /> <br /> It was noted that there is a typical Fassbinder, who after the war Maria and Betti are wearing expensive dresses in ruins. These clothes are essentially the wrong period. I think he wanted to portray these attitudes here when you feel bad, "you can always put your face and face in a day that is great". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. The mistakes made in the movie could easily be corrected in the next project. Since he's been making films (about 4 years) on how other people roll in cigarettes, it's not peculiar that this film has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, noted that Fassbinder had dreamed the whole scene in Maria and the American Park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is a great Maria. In most cases, he just looks into the camera. Maria's own words "It's a bad time for emotions. But I like it". <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl's death, a Hart attack finally ends up with Herman. (Herman left Australia after leaving prison to become a man again). and blow him and Herman. It is obvious to me that he did it just by chance. At the same time, he must be struck if his dreams finally seem to be true. He had to feel that he was no longer himself. He felt like he had survived himself.
