Maria Braun married her and her husband, Hermann. First, the explosion burst through the building and he and Hermann had to write on the stack of paper on the street. Perhaps it can somewhat defeat as a heavy-handed metaphor for what's coming: marriage on stones, so to speak. This is a betting where the husband goes to war and takes place in a Russian prison camp, which is not helpless, but hopeless and proud of Maria, standing in front of the frustrating rubble of the train station, because some come home, others are not, with a sign waiting for Hermann. <br /> <br /> The problem arises, as happens in Rainer Werner's Fassbinders melodrama, and his best and most provocative, we see Mariana (rarely beautiful Hanna Schygulla in this role). make two faces: he is standing with his man, even if it means working in a bar for American GIs and even after he hears from his colleague that Hermann is dead, he still stays as he sleeps with a black GI and is close to carrying your child (this is, of course, until he reappears and the murder occurs and he takes the rap to be safe), or to work for a German businessman (efficiently sympathetic Ivan Desny) and becoming his sometimes lover and rising star in the company. Maria does everything to be successful, but she is always married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say that Maria is something that isn't exciting. Money, sex, power, all of these become replaceable for Maria. She is like a feminist who has her own cake and eats it with a smothering smile: she gets her husband, more or less (in fact, much less than in the last ten minutes), while getting things - a man who puts on her when she can, an expensive house with staff, secretary, money that others don't get around him, because they are already with a man or too weak to get up somewhere (for example, secretary, playfully enough) by Fassbinder's own mother). <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, self-confident and alone, for the ideal life in life, which should be in the shade. He tells two men - an American soldier and poor parents and sick Oswald - that he liked them, and at the same time these prisoners remain confused and hated by Hermann, who sends from Canada after being released from prison. . He casts a profile that a feminist would love to tune in, but understands where he comes from and goes to the whole road. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this natural contradiction, and moments with Maria seem to contradict melodrama (for example, Hermann walking with joyful and half-hearted Maria and GI has almost a scene masterpiece where Maria's reaction is no surprise or guilt but pure luck to see that he is there alive), while sticking to his weapons as a leader of such a highly reasonable technique whose style should be predictable. But that's not really. It's like a big metaphor for a country that, after the war, couldn't really go to normal. A few times Fassbinder puts the radio on the background, and we see Maria walking around her family, walking around her and in the church, and the radio speaks from Germany, which is still very dissatisfied. . Maybe the only way to overcome it, or maybe it's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> In any case, Schygulla is hard to say under his face and eyes. It is such an incredible performance, really, one of the showstoppers that captures the glamor of old Hollywood female stars and the temptation of street girls under-and-dirty ethics. The most said are the controversial costumes she sees in one scene when she finally comes with her husband, where she celebrates one of these super-horny black lingerie pieces and high heels and then moves on to the dress without even thinking. It is almost the same as Maria is, and Schygulla is perfectly off to a burning, but somehow loving face, adored and puzzled by the men around her, sometimes in one sentence. This Fassbinder hits his "trilogy" in the wonderful first half; Although I could generally prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is probably as good as character training, which makes a woman loot and (almost) lose nothing.
