"Prague Student" is an early feature film drama or rather an "authorship" (i.e., author's film). This film is a member of many movements who tried to honor the cinema or just make a profit by adapting the screen to literature or theater. Fortunately, the story of this book is good with moving images. Using Alfred de Musset's poetry and the story of Edgar Allen Poe, it focuses on the doppelgänger theme. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film's most cinematic art is the double exposure, which makes Paul Wegener's scenes twice. Guido Seeber was a special-effect wizard for his day, but he is not very good at placing the camera or moving it. However, film teacher Leon Hunt (printed "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative") has made an interesting analysis of this film, using a double theme to amplify: the characters are split left / right, near / far and front / diagonal of characters and frames. Regardless of this, the film usually consists of a long-frame fixed position that is considerably primitive. Worse still is the lack of editing; there is very little scene dissection and scenes. None of them was unusual in 1913, but at the same time there were more advanced films in this regard, including "Atlantis" (August Blom, 1913), "The Twilight of a Woman's Soul" (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913), and DW's Griffith. <br /> <br /> The expanded universal vocabulary by 1926 would allow a tremendously higher remake. What's more, the remake has a cause for the character of Lyduschka, with the exception of a random interferer and a spectator substitute. Here, a seemingly invisible ghost of contempt for the invisible gypsy despises. I know their world is quiet for me, but I assume their lips are moving and their world is not silent, so how can Lyduschka overwrite and not notice other shoulders? <br /> <br However, it is conceptually one of the most interesting early films. Wegener, who seems to have been the main idea of ​​the film, later played a role in the title, and also directed The Golem in 1920, helping to further open the supernatural yarn in German silent cinemas (Note: The first version I watched was about an hour long definitely not quite complete) and was in a bad condition where the faces were occasionally bleached. I have since seen the Alpha DVD, which after 41 minutes is missing the above mentioned footage and also has fewer and very different headlines, but which is visually not so bad though.)
