One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German expressionism; in the 20th century Berlin was a film that shaped the atmosphere. Classic films like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, its enormous impact on the cinema is still felt, especially today. horror genre. One of the main features of this style would be director Paul Wegener, director of "Der Golem, Wie Er in Die Welt Kam" of the 1920s, as his filmmaker debuted seven years before this classical production. Experiments in Expressionism in Film. By the way, this early prototype of German expressionism was another horror film "Der Student Von Prag". <br /> <br /> Der Student Von Prag ("Prague Student") is a story about Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student whose reputation is the best fencer in Prague, but who always have financial problems. One day, Balduin rescues a beautiful gradient, Margit (Grete Berger), from drowning the lake after her horse accidentally fell off. Balduin falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but she will soon discover she has to compete against her rich cousin Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner) who wants to marry her. Knowing that he can't offer him much, Balduin wants to be rich, and this is where the witch named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin the endless wealth that he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the suggestion that it is only with horror that what Scapinell wants is a reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Edgar Allan Poe's "William Wilson" and the classic legend "Faust" are widely inspired. The story of "Der Student Von Pragi" has been prepared by the German-speaking writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, the master of horror literature and one of the first writers to write the script as a different literary form. "Der Student Von Prag" shows that in Germany there is still a cinema developed in the form of art, showing a genuine willingness to actually use the cinema to speak a fully developed story beyond the camera's tricks or scenes. Like most of his journalists, the Ewers scenario is still influenced by theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" is going away from this style. Although Ewers is a bit poor in shaping their character (especially in supportive characters), they manage to create an interesting and challenging protagonist, Balduin. <br /> <br /> Although Der Student Von Prag was Paul Wegener's director debut and Stellan Rye's second film filmmaker, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what cinema can do properly. Using Guido Seeber's cinematography, two young filmmakers create a powerful Gothic atmosphere that predicts what German filmmakers will do in the next decade. Wegener would learn many techniques he would use in his "Golem" series from Seeber and Rye. Despite the very limited resources, Rye and Wegener can create a unique and convincing (own time) visual effect with Balduin's reflection (also played by Wegener). Wegener is already leading an experienced actor with great talents at the time of making this film and is also trying to get away from the static style of previous filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Like Paul Belduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the movie. It certainly helps that his character is the only thing the writer has fully developed, but he cannot deny that Wegener was a very poor student who loses more than a mirror reflection in this treaty. John Gottowt plays the evil Scapinelli mysterious aura that fits the character like gloves. Few are talked about in Scapinelli, but Gottowt tells us that he is a fear to be feared. The rest of the headache is less fortunate because Grete Berger is pretty much average than Grade Margit and Lothar Körner are poor Graf von Schwarzenberg. However, it should be said that Lyda Salmonova was pretty good in her expressive character and Fritz Weidemann made a great baron of Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that Lörner's character should have. <br /> <br /> Considering the films that were made in other countries for years, and the fact that his remake (13 years after this movie) is better in every way, it's hard to see why "Der Student Von Prag" is not the time as well as other previous films. The film's main problem is definitely its extremely low budget, as it resulted in the film being significantly shorter than the Ewers story, which had to be fully developed. This makes the plot occasionally somewhat vague or even incomplete, as if there was something missing in the story (of course, there is also a possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). But Der Student Von Prag is a very interesting early attempt at the complex story of horror and intercourse in the film, but even though it is worse than other filmmakers, there was a strong impression in history. <br /> <br /> As a direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny that "Der Student Von Prag" is of immense importance in the history of German cinema, probably in cinema history in general. It may seem dated even for this time, but given its limited resources, the director was really better than most of the films of that time. As Paul Wegener's career as a filmmaker and with his German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" must be anyone interested in this part of the film. 7/10
