In 1927, Hollywood had a little over a decade of filmmaking. Now that it became a multi-million dollar industry and a vertically integrated studio system was created, some of the quieter quarters of this film-making factory took little time for self-analysis. The last command, while his heart can be a classic story of once-prestigious people who fell in tough times than those who speak in the dark, how the cinema unevenly restores reality and how its production process can be ruthlessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who had been long enough to find out. <br /> <br /> Is the man who was at the same time one of Hollywood's most famous immigrants at the center? Emil Jannings. Before coming to the country, Jannings had worked mainly in comedy, being a hammy, but a fun-timed champion, often a pompous author or an older parent. He makes his entrance to the last commandment last, and at first it seems to be another cartoon of Janning's landscaping quarries. But as the story progresses, the actor can show his choice, showing his weak weakness, peaceful dignity and ultimately the awesome power and presence in the final. He has never stopped quite well because it is an overwhelming exaggeration (a German tradition that does not know anything about fineness), but he constantly keeps his attention on every aspect of his performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, though one who was a little longer at Hollywood and had no background in the European film industry. Nonetheless, Joseph von Sternberg himself created the artistic and imperial image of the Teutonic Cinema Master ("von" was drawn up) and took a very special approach to crafts. Note that this picture is dealing with its tempo and tone, an excellent example of Russia's first setback. We open with a carefully designed chaos that moves in the directions we get to the audience when the camera pulls back and the edges of the screen dash. When Jannings arrives, everyone lives. Janning's performance is incredibly calm and measured, and if the players around him reflect it, the effect is the same as his mere presence has restored the order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to be violent, allowing for the most difficult moments that should occur when the screen is turned off and which, however, means they have been flowing almost into a poetic stream of images. In fact, it seems to have a real interest in action. In the prisoners' rebellion scene, Sternberg takes an impartial and objective attitude, his camera finally stops on the wall. Compare it to the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, a complex of viewpoints and intense close-ups that draw us directly between them. <br /> <br /> Sternberg was much like the cool and brilliant leader played by William Powell on the screen, and actually Powell's portrayal is probably a deliberate parody that Sternberg himself would have been. Unfortunately, this harsh attitude did not give him a simple job, and with his focus on his technical resources with his human qualities, smaller performances leave his pictures a little desired. Although Jannings shows a classic tooth in Charles Laughton's regime, which works dramatically, it seems that no one has said to their companion that they were not in comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good at giving us good emotions but playing it here and there. The only performance close to Jannings is Powell himself. It's a bit weird to see the usual friendly "Little Man" and "Big Ziegfeld" who play so harshly and humorously as the male Ninotchka, but he does a good job of exposing the brilliant emotional intensity to the hard-hearted look. <br /> <br /> The last command can easily break a couple of feathers in studio offices, which tend to happen with an uncomfortable commentary on any film making process, even with a relatively annoying example. At least I believe that many studio managers think the "upside down" view would be pleased as it threatened the mystery of filmmaking, which was still very alive at this point. As it turned out, the effect was that Jannings won the first academic prize for the best actor, as well as Lajos Biro's best writing and (according to some sources, though the problem is a little vague) a. Name the best picture. This is remarkable because the Academy was a small institution at the moment and the first awards were more than ever a bit of a self-conscious rebound by the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, they recognized it when they saw it and were ready to reward it.
