Thass My Bush is a very entertaining show for Parker and Stone, I thought. Often it's very funny and quite gentle and crazy. South Park fans would definitely get something here. Another surprise here is the value of production. You have to put a lot of money into it and it shows. Lots of costly details. It's not a small show. And Comedy Central is not a very rich channel, but they make this show much more obvious. I understand that it was also the death of the show, too expensive. Certainly it could have been cheaper and wanted to go there. <br /> <br /> Critics liked it and had a small fan, but it didn't get a big audience. As we know, the show stopped after 8 episodes, which is probably almost one season. <br /> <br /> Because he really liked this show, he has some bugs. The problem with the exhibition is that he doesn't know what he wants to be. Similarly, he tries to be a sitcom and sitcom parody at the same time. The actors are doing a good job and some of them are well cast, but I don't think they always look like a 100% strange humor they should give. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think the exhibition needs some signs that were more on earth for the show. In South Park, you have Kyle and Stan, a sort of realistic touch in most universes. I think that's what makes South Park work. You need some sensible signs that you can realistically associate with, and this makes mad things so interesting because it forces you to take a certain level seriously. If everyone is archetypal and stereotyped, it is difficult to add emotionally to this exhibition, which is really Thats My Bush's biggest problem. Kyle and Stan are characters from South Park that makes sense for the madness of the exhibition. There is nothing like this here, and this exhibition suffers from it. Another anchor point is Parker and Stones flirting with Republicans. That's the only thing I don't like about them is what they're trying to do. The depiction of Bush is nothing more than a foolish character of the stupid Homer Simpsons, a subversive world in which many people who cannot hold him and think he is the worst president of Nixon, and Letterman, and so on, just satirize his own move ... but it's hard to see if Parker and Stone really mean anything. It's like a joke on us, but it didn't hit the mark. It seems uncomfortable because it doesn't remind you of a real Bush. Besides, I thought the show was very enjoyable. Some jokes here are fun. A life supporter who was a survivor of a fetus is probably one of my favorite people they show at the show. The exhibition is packed with great material and is sometimes funny when you look at your head a bit.
