Zatoichi Outlaw was the first film made by the hero (Shintaro Katsu) himself, which may be slightly smaller than the series, although it is generally not weak. It speaks of our hero coming over two cities, rival bosses, and a mysterious clone that helps the poor and, in the case of this structure, creates tragedy, violence and low interest, all served by unshowy but inspired sword ties. series of trademarks. It is a pretty predictable plot and it is surprisingly fashionable, but it attracts style and is interesting. For example, a helpful ronin is a highly understandable revolutionary character that interferes with the created order without being painted into a truly pleasurable or heroic trait, Zatoich himself makes one or two mistakes and causes damage to his actions, while the ruling system heats up its exploitation. poor. This is a tough world where one or two visceral moments are expected in combat, although things are not as severe as they might be. Shintaro Katsu turns to a typical bravura performance in Zatoich, mixing wisdom, deadly skill and a somewhat sad vulnerability in the world, while solid work is also Rentarô Mikun and effectively Kô Nishimura (later appears in Katsu's "Snake") Magobei Hanzo trilogy) as the two main bosses of the film . Yuko Hamada also has a good emotional appeal as a false woman. The film loses its shaky momentum and not so well-designed sequence of events, at least one little jarring time to jump, and the plot's power becomes little lost, which means that when things warm up towards the end, the film "t is not as exciting as it can, and the emotional effect also disappears Zatoich's activities or scenes using his ingenious skills are well managed by Director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some of the gambling is less interesting and the film accumulates rather than in a truly inspired way without living characters or some other force. , it has its own drawbacks and it is not one of the best series, but it still includes fun entertainment, a good story and decent doses of the Zatoich brand, a brilliant and peculiar cool. It is recommended for a series of fans and a reasonable entry point, stylish things, though not true.
