Another alternative story of the Gundam universe (G-Gundam is the first), Gundam Wing is another different view of the Gundam verse. Known items have been found, but Gundam Wing is actually different from his colleagues. Gundam's greatest is nothing but terrorists fighting against a single organization. In fact, the series does not really change to war until the 7th episode, but the real conflict, Eve Wars, will not happen in later episodes. <br /> <br /> The biggest positive of this series are its characters. All the main characters have evolved during the 49th episode and you can prove with every role they put. Another great plus is the series's fantastic character and mecha design. The designs put some of this Gundam's colleagues into shame. One of the greatest criticisms of this series is how many powerful UC fans claim to attack the original UC. Why Gundam Wing Gets That Rape When The Gundam Seed's Most Upright UC Clone Out There Over Me. True, many moments have been raised, but talking about their new ways and also the differences. <br /> <br /> Take, for example, a normal comparison between Zechsi Merquise and UC Icon Char Aznable. Throughout the series, Zechid is more challenged by the Alliance and also by OZ, while the red comet was a bright Zeon symbol. Another big difference is that Zechs loses a lot of soldiers under his command, so another nickname he has given in early episodes: "The killer of his men." Char is not given to this label. The problems in this series are not the mumbo jumbo philosophy, but two problems. The first is the reusable animation of the Gundam attacks. It is definitely fun to see heavy weapon attack tanks, MS and planes for the first time. But the fourth recovery scene is getting older like that. Another problem is that the entire series should be done throughout the year. If you really think about all the events in the series, there will only be a few years. <br /> <br /> But I think you can easily reject this fact if you ignore the first line of intro as often. As it is, it is probably the best alternative to the alternative universe of Gundam and the great entry into the Gundam world. After all, it was the first Gundami anime on television.
