Gundam Wing is an amazing exhibition from start to finish, every episode is a joy to watch. The story is a typical Gundam fare, and in the future the Earth's population will grow to the point where we create space colonies for expansion. However, the story is in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It is a year after the colony 195 and the corrupt government of the earth, known as the Alliance of Earth, violently take over free colonies. To control the Alliance's control and even greater danger (an evil militarist organization that hides under the Alliance, known as the OZ, which later controls the Earth and the colonies), members of the colonies send 5 super powerful Mechs to Earth and save colonies from the dangers that will soon come. The Mechs, known as Gundamsena, are fighting with OZ and are trying to regain peace in the colonies when OZ takes the forefront, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing said earlier, it is probably the most pleasing Gundam series I think I can look at. Much of this reason is the difference between this series and the other Gundam series ahead of it, but the tracks are much deeper and more complex than most other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam exhibition I've seen so far. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and the relationship between their characters than the epic space battle. Now, get me wrong, there are still many epic battles in this show, and it still shows the epic atmosphere the others have in the Gundam series, but it does when the story follows an ensemble of 6 or 7 characters no matter how you watch it , this is really one of the most unique and enjoyable Gundam series, and I recommend it to every anime or sci-fi fan. fi in general. The exhibition sports some amazing animations and great activities, but the depth and complexity of the story is what keeps you back. At the end of the exhibitions, the characters are so well drawn that you will eventually love each of them. This show is definitely one that should not be left out. <br /> <br /> Perfect 10/10!
