Matador is better reflected because it is so easy at the time it is viewed. Humor is always medium-sized, never uncomfortable, but never intestinal. The story is a very simple thread. The properties of the plot are often recycled properties, namely a careless bad man who needs a good man wearing a ball and a straight-line glass, who need life security, and learn from each other and somehow complement each other's lifestyles. I also find that the story is not a parallel story, because it is just a cruel thing and symbolism is hardly capable of carrying it. But this is really a good movie, because even though it looked so thin and intact, it wasn't. It has a subtle way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I believe this reason is slow, but it definitely gives the audience something to take with them, because although this is a formula that is nothing new, even most humor, both main characters, practically the only ones characters in it are somehow fulfilled and learned. Forget calling them real. It's not what I mean at all. What I mean is that although Pierce Brosnan is a dirty, feminine, amazing hit person, he is a scribe and certainly Brosnan who aggressively communicates how much he enjoys his fresh James Bondless air. The character of Greg Kinnear seems to be quite the same in his separated scripts, but he has been given some very unexpected footnotes that, for a moment, because the light of the film has passed on us, we only hit us one minute later. We then realize that the film is not just about analyzing it or about talking about planes, trains and cars. He really says something. <br /> <br /> The movie's climax is one that partially wants to be a twisted thriller. But how easily, can this be the focus of the film, even though the plot has led to it? No, Brosnan and Kinnear focus on their improbable relationships. Strangely, Matador is a film of regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so gentle and broscan, constantly interrupting his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan saves Kinnear for his lower ground version of feelings than a means of redemption. The last scene in the movie remains with me. I think this is where the fine side-step effect of the film finally comes to an end.
