The Gundam Wing mobile suit is the fourth series of ongoing Gundam Chronicles. Unlike previous records of mass wars, it is slightly different; Instead of the military and the military, this is led by five teenage boys (because of their ability to mix more easily than ordinary adults) and the machines called "Gundams" because of the metal alloy used to build them. What causes problems, because gundams should destroy, replace "Mobile Suits", which are pilot projects with less destructive weapon platforms and "Dolls" that ran A.I. and it is used as ground infantry. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the series is a metaphysical issue that gives Gundam Wing an edge over most of the Anime that is doing it here. Especially since most of the anime are customized from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all from Shonen Jump, now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets itself apart from most anime, because among the dead who are more like gods, Gundam is not very humanistic and seems to rejoice in the fact that it is dramatic rather than melodramatic and the events in the whole series seem graceful. Usually, anime has more than a few series that think that the best way to fight "small" is to take half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam highlights this by ensuring that everyone knows that the characters die, the machines are destroyed and rebuilt, the battles disappear and win, and it never seems like it is satirical. <br /> <br /> The magic of Gundam Wing is in detail and what this series is about is that the anime would be more grateful. Emotion. Instead of mundane prophecies, magic, or overcrowded martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard-line science literature that hates real fiction. (NOTE: The author wants to say that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a real-life religion that is the core of this series because he loves Star Wars, but hates AI (film). In the future why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD has now produced so Japanese and United States editions with two voice teams at the same time. The American audience needs to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to catch dubbed or subtitled versions or even edited SeeD episodes that blaze in the Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> Emotionalism is that these two war-fighting parties are technically backward. Heroes are the ones who protect the rights of richer and more aristocratic Earth citizens from a terrorist band that has won the victory at any cost that make up the main characters of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. not war, it's a "complete war." Every person, every building, every street, is the target of attack on Earth as well as outdoors. <br /> <br /> My Scene s complaint and the reason why he did not get ten points is that about three to four passes, it just goes to some episodes dead and no one seems to actually change. Such as the setback of the current time, which is good because of what it shows about characters, but at the same time it is dragging the brewing between Meteor and OZ. However, the last two episodes and over-played Cartoon-Network (back in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: endless roll of film more than just a quiet.
