Archaeological team discovering real treasure? The Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown must be transferred to a steamboat to San Francisco. But it's not an easy trip. There are a lot of future thieves who would like to get their hands on the priceless jewel contained in the crown. Fortunately, everyone is involved, Mr Moto, to guard the crown on his journey. But that doesn't mean that no one would try to get their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After disappointment with Mr. Moto, I went to mr. but scared worst. But during the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I'd find it more enjoyable. I'm a mystery of the 1930s style of mammal that has something to do with archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Moto as a hidden German archaeologist (imagine Peter Lorre playing German?), Really pulled the start scenes in. Although the film may have quickly become less exotic to San Francisco, it was just as enjoyable. Blind, dark characters lurk in the rainy night; shootings that were fired from open windows that narrowly slant from the hero's head; sophisticated and supposed foolproof alarm systems that just come up to be tested by someone; and master the criminals who are thought to be dead? these are the elements that are found in many really good secrets of the 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto takes all the holidays. A few other bonuses for me always included the enjoyable little role of Lionel Atwill, a comic book by G.P. Huntley, which is actually funny, and Mr. Moto's return to the form. I've already mentioned my hiding in the movie's opening scenes, the well-sporting Moto comes out near the film final. Moto is similar to glowing dervish when he goes after his harvest. That's all, and I haven't even mentioned Lorre's great results. Anyway, you look at it, Mr Moto wins the holiday. <br /> <br /> As far as I hate that Mr Moto's series was supposed to end after this installment, it's understandable when you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, the Japanese hero's film wouldn't have gone very well. At least Mr Moto's series ended with a very positive comment.
