Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit man. Or "fatalities" as he prefers to call. He's also drunk, female, and in the middle of a crisis of life. In a workplace in Mexico, he gets into Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an insecure businessman who thinks he's just a recent pitch, but he's not sure. They meet in the hotel bar late for one night, if both have too many margarits. <br /> <br /> Sounds like the structure of side-by-side comedy-thriller, isn't it? But it is not. Instead, Matador is funny and sometimes touching. This avoids any twisting that the above summary would suggest, sometimes even simply setting them up to break them easily. It is a film that honors him with enough signs to just let them move on without feeling the need to pull them between unnecessary parcels. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's hit on a man is inevitably compared to his bond, but it is unfair to both performances. Bond is a semi-mature idea that has all gone before; while Julian is fully motivated with his motivation and mistakes. He has existed in his shady and pristine world for so long that he has forgotten how to talk to another person. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny's hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal man with ordinary work and common problems. He craves Danny; the dead person is fed up with his life, seeing himself closer to his inevitable "burning" as he puts it. But when Danny opens the death of his only son, Julian tries to change this issue with dirty jokes. He is a man who has "run from any emotion". Kinnear has his resistance to Brosnan's performance and injects Danny White with his effortless eternal charm. He's the perfect foil for Julian; when the latter is drunk bravado and hedonism, then Danny is on the ground with only an exotic hint. But he goes deeper than his well-established person, showing us how far eternal goes into financial and family destruction. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. This is the most visible film in three main scenes: the hotel bar; the bullock, during which Julian speaks to Danny what he lives on, and takes him through murder; and a scene where Julian appears at Danny House six months later. This scene also introduces us to Danny's wife Bean (yes, Bean). In another example, how much Matador honors his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of putting his house in the presence of a hired killer, he simply asks for a restraint: "Did you bring your weapon?" The script is not as good as it could have been after another rewriting. One or two lines seem a little forced and a couple of jokes need a little more work. But for scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) are just talking, writing is great. The film has no need to put characters in all extreme situations (except for a hit and a turn of stroke). It just allows them to talk, gently sliding them towards the necessary landing points. <br /> <br /> It happens, but only if it reflects the symbols. One remarkable example is when Julian works in Budapest because she sees herself in the scope of her rifle. The rest of the film is about the characters, how they interact, how they interact. And finally, it is friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian Danny tells that he is his only friend. And it really means it.
