It is very difficult to evaluate this movie. The entertaining value of 21st century viewers has failed. For a student of early sound film and history, this is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a film that was filmed to compete with MGM's successful 1929 Hollywood Revue, which is still intact, with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The goal of the full-star revue was to show the silent stars of a particular studio and show that they could make the transition. But Warner Bros seems to have forgotten it and uses many of the actions and letters that they didn't even have a long-term contract like Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie, and even a marching band. Meanwhile, their biggest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even with a high salary, she couldn't be forced to join. Almost every act is too long and the film plays like a dozen Vitaphone shorts that are put together with consistency. Finale is also too long, but it's really enjoyable with all the dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the movie are two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bath" a couple of numbers by Nick Lucas, John Barrymore, who plays Shakespeare, and Chinese fantasy "Li Po Li "with Nick Lucase and Myrna Loy. The last number is the only part of the movie that survives in Technicolor and it's really quite attractive. Reasonably, the players of these good deeds were the long-standing stars of Warner Bros, so the manager knew how to play his strengths because he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film is a snapshot of a strange point in film history - the year 1929, the year between the two ages - quiet and sound ages and roaring 20s and great depression. Just two years later, the same film would have been completely different, because Warner Bros would give up his silent ages and the stars they hired to produce earlier music for the stars that gave Warner Bros a special city view. and feeling - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
