Matador is a strange film. His main character, Julian, who plays Brosnan with a mixture of unusual charm and imbalance, is not your typical hero. Julian has been hit by a man with late mid-life crises. Having spent 22 years in a cold-blooded murder, he now finds himself in a stressful and desperate loneliness. And so, after having the opportunity to meet at Danny Bar (Greg Kinnear), he locks up and starts a suspicious, uncomfortable friendship. An important nice man, Danny, is doing some things in his life and maybe saying he could use a friend. Two make unexpected connections, and Danny shines around to hear Julian's story, even after knowing the "failed" truth about Julian's work. hero assassin (films like "Assassins" and "Grosse Pointe Blank"). But Matador is different from many important ways. First, killing and gore are indirect, but never really in some sort of detail, which means that if you are an action movie looking for the speed of adrenaline, this movie will probably be disappointing. And, secondly, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador does not try to show his main people demonstrations and redemptions. Julian's work is just "that's what it is." This is unusual given that 99.99% of us would consider making money for terrible killing. But this unusual approach is perhaps what makes the film authentic. While we don't want to admit it, almost everyone can become commonplace after we've done it long enough, maybe even murder. Did the victims of Juliet deserve death? Who pays to kill people? Who knows. The film never deals with these issues. The focus is on Julian and his trip is a real friendship. If you read such a piece of paper as Julian, it would make sense for such people to be excluded from society like cancer, but forced to look at his life, which his intense mankind draws. Undoubtedly damn, I think. <br /> <br /> Brosnani Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not leave his James Bond with a good appearance and smooth charm, but rather confuses confusion. Strange or raw remarks in the middle of polite conversations and sudden shifts from magic to childhood and sad desperate objections. It keeps you from understanding your peace of mind and how it affects people around it. It's a bit like listening to a piano player who occasionally and unexpectedly hits the wrong signs when he's playing but it works. Movies, including Danny's, are not nearly the same muscles. Kinnear will turn a firm as unusual performance as the usual Joe with regular Joe's life and problems. <br /> <br /> The film really has no big shocks or M Night Shyamalan turns, but I couldn't guess it was over, and it seemed satisfactory. It has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights, and yet it seemed very human. And it had no heartbreaking car or arms battles, but I thought that the pace was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message here is to communicate and associate with one another and how they do not have moral prerequisites. Even a murderer needs friends and even good people can be friends with bad people. This is a comment about the strange, random world in which we live. Good movie; worth seeing.
