Sherman, set back on the machine ... 1986. The United States climbed just the worst post-war recession, while Japan had an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry was still an important part of the US economy, and the factory workers were a good example of the 'average American' work. The word "reduction" had not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew this phenomenon. Bruce heard the radio on the song, "Foreman says these jobs are going, boy, and they won't come back to their hometown." Uncle Sam had just saved Chrysler. Bumper stickers can be seen by saying, "Buy America - the job you save can be yours." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of US industrial workers than almost any other popular film made during this time. Of course, the film has its drawbacks - some loose plot threads and mediocre work, except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is actually about the East-West meeting: Keaton Hunt Stevenson personalizes America, the outside and the self-confident, but below insecure. Watanabe's Kazuhiro personalizes Japan, with a bunch of successful systems, but does not know if there is more to learn from their Western competitors. The film's scheme, which is flawed, simply provides a framework for the conflict between the two personalities and ultimately for synthesis. <br /> <br /> Keaton's behavior overshadows everyone and makes the film virtually self-evident. I always admire Keaton's ability to offer a line that feels improvised, no matter which script he follows. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a pleasant, pleasing eternal, natural leader with wisdom. But he has a fatal mistake for many of us: he doesn't want to be disappointed. He disturbs the crowd with inspirational anecdotes and even lies instead of pointing foolish truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is a mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, he does not want to be a bearer of bad news. The scene where Stevenson first finds himself in Kazuhiro is the Japanese approach of workers to workplace conflicts. Kazuhiro replies to Stevenson's complaints: "I understand what you say," but does not deny his requests out loud. Stevenson interprets it as an agreement and says, "Okay, we've got it solved." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American business relations in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Kazuhir and Stevenson have the same problem: running the factory smoothly, meeting production targets, and taking responsibility for their subordinate employees. By working towards this goal, they must take a page from everyone's book. An obvious example is the Kazuhiro family, which has become "America". Also note that Stevenson thinks it is strange if Kazuhiro explains how he had to apologize openly to his employees for their absence - and later, in the movie, Stevenson does it himself. <br /> <br /> The plot and its resolution are small, but hey, it's comedy. If you can ignore the film's mistakes, there is a great story about self-realization and openness.
