Many neglect is that it's not just classic because it's the first 3D game or even the first to shoot. It is also one of the first hidden games, one of the only (and certainly the first) truly claustrophobic game, and just a rather rounded gaming experience in general. Nowadays, with fearsome graphics, the game draws you into B.J. role (don't even guess * I try to write my last name!), American P.O.W. underground bunker. You fight and seek your way through tunnels to achieve different goals for six episodes (but let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to deliver a weapon, surround you with the Nazis and send you out to destroy one of these Nazi leaders). As I mentioned earlier, the graphics are quite dated and very simple. The least details about basically any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. When you get over it, but (and some suggest that this simplicity only adds to the effect of the game), you have one good strainer / sneak game. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammunition, enemies (the Nazis mentioned above and the "enemy of the chief" chapters), which is of varying difficulty (which naturally grows when you move on in the game), opening the doors, and looking for a secret room. The number of bonuses after beating each level is ... it goes as fast as you were (basically, when you win "par time", which is the time the tester passed the same level; it can be quite fun to try and win, and how complicated it is to find levels, they are even complicated after many games), how many Nazi gold (treasure) you collected and how many bad guys you killed. Basically, if you have 100% of all the above mentioned people, you will get a bonus that will help you reach the high points of envy. The game (mostly, but not always) allows two oppositely different ways to play ... hidden or anything and everything you see. You can run or walk, and your weapons include a knife ... running as soon as you enter the same room as the guard, as well as punches. Many guards have turned to your back, which means you can walk behind them and pull them almost quietly. In your inventory you get more than four weapons and two keys ... more weapons later. The keys open certain doors. Most of the doors in the game are not locked ... only two types need keys and these keys are only deployed at later levels (restarted at level, in weapons, health, scores and in each chapter). Much of the later game is spent searching for them. Now, as I have just pointed out, this game, like many of the period (the late 1980s, the beginning of the 90s), builds on the extra work ... personally, I think it is completely and completely useless (it was left out gracefully at last eventually. .. I think (?), From the next 3D shooter and further), because you can save at any time you want, and "use life" resets weapons, health, and ammunition, as starting a new chapter (which is real pain later, where you need * heavier artillery. Now I beat the bush ... moving to weapons! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is quiet but effective only close by) and the gun ... something special but suitable for preserving AMMO, unlike two of the two sons. The third weapon is the submachine of the German SMG ... It's faster and more automatic and some of the later enemies are using it, and the last ... there's nothing about the Gatling weapon! Oh yeah, think of T2. Think Predator. who has such a weapon, it is as fun as it sounds. However, most of the enemy enemies use it, so be prepared. I do not reveal the identity of their boss enemies, but ... that is, every player discovers him or herself. Sound is great ... very crisp and realistic. If you hear a gun gun drop, then the drooping door clamp will shut you back or the Nazis will be amazed or warned in German, you will feel like you're there, trapped in those dark and depressing bunkers. It mixes me nicely with a level design ... if you run through a seemingly innumerable, almost identical corridor with the next elevator that takes you further, it's claustrophobic. I almost got a lack of exercise more than once (although it may have something like a little sleep, a lot of moisture and unusual heat). Although the level of detail is not very high, it is great. The victims, guards, and countless Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. There's also a lot of gore in the game ... for this limited graphics engine, John Romero and the team definitely put all the blood and courage they could play. What else to say ... the first of its kind, and it is no wonder that it created countless other 3D shooters. Certainly, the robbery of weapons and the different heights (stairs and such) did not come before the next genre entered ... Doom ... and that was Duke Nukem 3D, which introduced its view switching feature (so it just goes left and right, adding its vertical dimensions) and jumping did not come before the third, later title (the first Quake, perhaps also the fellow players, helped me here) ... but all these games, as well as the rest of the genre, owe their existence to it. So upload Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and step into B.J. shoes ... he deserves recognition, even (or even especially?) nearly fifteen years after his first appearance. I recommended it to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
