At first glance, this film looks like the larger screen of the Keifer Sutherland series 24. Focusing on the plot to kill the US president, race against time, and many secret services, the Sentinelis agency is in the spotlight. Instead, be Michael Douglas' character Pete Garrison, a veteran secret service agent who belonged to the Reagan ball in 1981. does the mind put itself on the bullet and target line? But Garrison gets an intervention in the murder plot and has to run his life while doing his little exploration plot. All this thanks to his failure in the polygraph test due to his adultery by beating the first lady (Kim Basinger). Tk. <br /> <br /> It is Clint Eastwood's fire tones. Both were obsolete actors and the aging veteran has been a somewhat historical hero who took the ball for their respective trips. Although Eastwood's film has a more mysterious criminal in John Malkovich, Sentinel suffered from this lack of a strong strong cable, preferring to share the responsibility of murder for many forgotten former KGB villains and moles in the president's details. When Douglas has left the law, he becomes similar to dr. With Richard Kimble from The Fugitive, who wanted to talk about an army man at the same time, relying on his smarts to overcome co-workers, which turned out to be quite interesting - despite the sliding processes, it is still the performance and permeability of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's 24th and Desperate Housewives' top star stars, will become supporters of the secret service investigating Garrison's likely involvement in the murder plot, and sometimes the CSI pages look out of their forensic skills. In a beautiful couple there was chemistry that could have resembled X-Files Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but unfortunately these two were very little to do here. We know why they are in the movie, and that is to get their fans to the theater. It also seemed that Longoria's role could not shake her sexy mama Gabrielle, and here her relatively low cut blouses (Sutherland actually tells her to cover up) and tight pants (ogle-fest to her colleagues). <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is still quite interesting to look at the details of the world's most widespread and intense protection, and their daily routine threats, including the most powerful man in the world to follow up every nuts. This is a proper mid-term review and exploratory thriller. But one thing, like most end sequences, is still a big enough gap for you to fly with a jumbo.
