"Necromantics" author Jörg Buttgereit's second feature "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Focusing on the chain letter from the Seventh-day Brotherhood, 7 episodes appear in the movie, each one day in one week, where suicide is used with different letters and situations throughout the letter. this is a round. Don't touch it if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or even distant "ordinary" movies, or wait for the movie to be good only if it's focused on the stage. </p> <p> </p> The Der Todesking avant-garde approach explains well why Buttgereit's films in Germany, their country of origin, the 80's and most of the 90's are banned. Der Todesking is not really focused on the characters on the screen, but most people's life is meaningless apathy or depression. Buttgerei can't find the reasons to live, but stop the causes and choose how and when you die, so you can be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit films are generally difficult categories and Der Todesking is no exception. "Art Film" would probably be the closest description to the same team and almost the same as all other films. Der Todesking has an original method of shooting, creating a mood and handling a central object in almost every scene. During one scene, the camera is slowly moving around 360 degrees while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for one day. At another time, Buttgereit uses sound and movie corruption to portray a person's collapsing mental state while living in despair. In the third, seemingly pleasing scene, the names, ages, and occupations of the real people who commit suicide on the actual people are alleged to justify banning this movie in Germany. <br /> <br /> Episode movies (and especially one because scenes are only vaguely connected) are generally suffering from inconsistency and Der Todesking is no exception. Although all episodes share the same focus of the same death and its consequences or sub-sequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, but the episode or two may even seem like a stuffing, partly emptying the overall power of the film - jaw-dropping, immensely powerful breaks that deplete the body, can break Keep the movie together and clean it from vague moments back to size. The overall atmosphere is amazing, amazing, very frustrating and sometimes even nasty - so many dozens of people left the film at the film festival I attended. <br /> <br /> This is one movie that gives a lasting impression, and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something that they will definitely remember in the coming years. It's not recommended for heart weakness or time fans, it's a small, different film that really raises the audience's feelings. Whether it's confusion, astonishment, or even hate, it's probably not that cold, I think it's the best of this little indie team. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the movie, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III", was released in a limited 666-inch 8-inch vinyl edition that is now highly desirable. You'll still be able to get a classic masterpiece, getting the "The Nekromantik" audio track that I'm in the Lo-Fi synthesizer's music movie dark and peculiar, almost unusual, making the movie an important part of the atmosphere, and that's something you would very rarely hear.
