"Like the first touch of joy and guilt, such as the spontaneous youthful charm and fear of flirting, like the climax of opposing emotions," one of the film mornings after LOVE TOP THE, said the improperly translated headline MOUTON ENRAGE of the stylish director Michel Deville. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby at the New York Times, Immediately after the 1974 Premiere: "LOVE TOP TOP, which was opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a French comedy of 1973, reminiscent of the Twenty-nineties Number of English comedies on the rise and rise of cynical young men with? The significant difference he mentioned was that LOVE AT THE TOP does not concern the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> Having left the assessments to individuals, of course the time test has done its right job . After over 30 years, we can be sure that we cannot find films like LE MOUTON ENRAGE, where decadence is innocent, where contacts are enthusiastic from a young age, where feelings are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For fans of Romy Schneider, it seems pointless to note that this movie must be visible, not only because it gives a unique performance (as it did in all its roles) during his flowering (9 years before his sudden death) ), but because it is particularly attractive here. This is not a look at TRIO INFERNAL, where the "forced escape" and Romy's sweet picture, haunted by Sakchin Sissi in the years, correspond to his most frustrating manifestation, but to a film in which a brilliant actor plays a fair role. He's playing Roberte, a woman who's gonna enjoy the story of the object, Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). This is the one who takes financial gain from financial ties. This movie can boast of truly memorable and unique Roma shots and is given some of his best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point in the film is filling the content with the development of individual perception. Immoral as it may seem, the manager makes perfect contrast: conventions vs. pleasures, innocence vs. decadence, real lust and instrumental thing. Nicola has most of the features that viewers may want or impede, may find attractive or disgusting; yet, its qualities that viewers need to treat seriously say more that they are all we all have to accept. That's why one peculiar, gently wild, especially unique world is headed by the main character. Although she sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin) in some sort of conflicting world. He manipulates them, loves them, can not avoid the desire for his body and the desire for money; yet, he sees them differently. Nonetheless, despite being an "adult maturity", she is emotionally like a little boy playing on a table-car - a kind of "detailed view of a man's mind ..." in a comedy-like manner. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are very good results, so LE MOUTON ENRAGE is a bit underestimated. Not only does the above-mentioned Romy Schneider do an excellent job that gives viewers an extraordinary insight into her role, but the young Jane Birkin seems to be convincing in the role of young, inexperienced streetwriter Marie Paul, with Jean Louis Trintignant allowing Nicolat to see the right way. This artistic value in the performances goes along with the amazing music of Camille Saint-Saëns that sounds long in the ears. Therefore, with the exception of some of the shortcomings of the film such as colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clichés (which some viewers see), the benefits should be found to be important. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE is a clear manifestation of the reverse manipulative tools in the end. Romy's career is worth seeing, highlighting strong eroticism, a chain of opposing emotions, love and hatred, recognition and disgust compared to the first orgasm and the first angas ... But are we, people, "viewers," such film-makers rely on such contrasts?
