I can't say too much about California, because unfortunately I have to really see the whole thing (I've only been able to see it in bits and pieces in Fuse.) But what I've seen is absolutely fantastic! I am a fan of Brad Pit, but I admit that all his previous films are not good. But this role, I just, his act is great, his character early seems so normal well-knit horrible, dark weird, but you know that the kind of mountain range that I think is normal. And Juliette Lewis's performance, though I can see how some may be distracting. I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I haven't seen the end yet, but reading other comments here is fine but disappointing. I have to admit that I wish David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling was wrong) was a bit flat, but he was fine. His wife's character was better, and I thought that her performance in the film was not the best, avant-garde / older sister-like portrait. Especially the scene where Early and Brian play the pool, and Adele and Carrie together. I looked at this scene at least twice and I still think that doing it is wonderful. One because Adele is rape after three boys and how she feels the premature and Carrie reaction to it. All I think is just so perfect. I think maybe this is because I can communicate a little bit, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial number we actually see once; I thought he was great. Some of the movies with Pitt I've seen are just average or not worth it. I don't think I've ever seen a terrible Pitt movie, or if I don't have it, because his act is other factors. This movie wasn't one of them. He turned out to be excellent in California. I swear I am not just a few casual, as I like him to act not only because he looks good, I mean his character in this movie isn't exactly beautiful or cute! The pitt is dark, occasionally scary and even frightening. But he is also cheerful, funny, nice and even loving Adele. There are some places that allowed me to go through the TV and want him, but this is probably me (and the character Pitt played in the movie.) But it also shows how good Pitt is in this movie that made me forget that he played the character , this is what good action should do. In any case, I wish I could say more, but that's all I really say, without seeing the end, I've seen most of the movie through what I've blended and as I am. m at the time I wrote this DVR so I hope to have a more in-depth review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts about the movie I thought was something cool and something that seems to be forgotten (it shouldn't be!)
