I had seen in California before (must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember that it was very impressive. That's why I wanted to see it again, and all I can say is that it still hasn't lost its power, even though I've been used to much more movies than I was ten years ago. > <br /> "California" speaks to writer Brian Kessler and his friend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of going to a conventional and flying country where they say they never rain, they decide to travel by car. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serum killers and he's taking pictures. But because their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take it with the other couple so they can spread the cost of the trip. Only one pair has responded to the attachment so they are automatically happy. But they have not yet met each other and for the first time in the first couple of days, when their journey has already begun, Carrie is shocked. He doesn't want to be harmed, but it can be concluded that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are a bad white car park trash. He certainly doesn't want them in his car, but Brian doesn't want to take them with them and decides to stop them and take them away. First, the couple doesn't seem to be so bad, but gradually the early gray from the dark uphill turns into a meaningless murderer ... <br /> <br /> Not only is this story very impressive, so have our four guides. Brad Pitt is incredible as early gray. His film in this film can be his best. The same goes for Juliette Lewis. She plays a childish and naive girlfriend who doesn't want to hear her early bad word and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a very good job and I really do not know why we have never heard of this movie since Forbest, because he really proves he has a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but due to graphical violence, I can imagine that it may not be for everyone's taste (although I don't really see another way, how to portray serum killer in a credible way). Personally, I liked this movie very much and violence never bothered me (it is part of a story that's too important to be excluded). I appreciate this movie 8/10.
