Like wild-born killers, another film that was not too popular among critics for its excessive violence, but which I also loved, is a California film that clearly glamorizes violence, but I like to think it will become a final act. Similar to how basketball diaries first treat drugs, but show the end of the film badly, which is much worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays with Brian Kessler, an artist with a more artistic yuppie girlfriend, in this violent sexy black and white photography that is generally reserved, I don't know where you are where nudity goes through art. Maybe it really is and I just don't understand it. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fits perfectly with the role) make a perfect match to go to the documentary with famous murders. Writer Brian, writes a book, Carrie can take pictures. <br /> <br /> Types of artists, Brian and Carrie, are not financially prepared for such a trip, so they put someone on the market to share their gas and travel expenses with Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). . Early is an unfair and a local custodian assigned to his / her password officer, sees the advertisement on the bulletin board and decides to leave the country for a while, in violation of his parole, but leaving the homeowner murder scene, does not have to deal with an irritating murder investigation. Two birds with one stone you know. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes, artistic and puppies in trash, without clichés, or even with either type of cartoon. . Brian and Carrie are art liberals, but while Carrie is catching up early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by his early status, as seen in a scene where Brian fires an early weapon. He has never fired a weapon before, he is as fascinated as a little boy. Although Adele and Carrie have returned to the hotel, Adele shows such things in her childhood, because early "broke" smoking and she is not allowed to drink (early does not think women should be), Early and Brian are in the local bar. Brian reacts nervously with the drunken who tries to fight him, and the early one gives Brian advice on what to do and then steps in and eats him a quick lesson. "Hit him, Bri, that's it." "This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it is so funny what the early passionately says when the boy's friends drag him, bleed and beat, but also because we are back with the girls, we learn a lot all the two pairs at once, their differences and the conflicts that are likely to arise from them, and besides, since Brian got an early action and Carrie is terrible what he hears from Adele, it also shows how Carrie and Brian react early and Adele. <br /> <br /> You can say that this is not your typical odd couple of thrillers, where the townspeople get into the world and all kinds of stereotypical chaos, on the one hand, seems a little too comfortable for Brian and Carrie to go to the murders and just happen to be with the real murderer, but on the other hand it is a great way to fight the glorification of murder inherent in the passage that is to bring m rvarite and their crimes fame. In investigating the actions of previous murderers, Brian and Carrie finally find their learning material and realize that the murder is not as beautiful or ill as it is on your face because it is through the interruption of murders. the past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed at Brad's versatility as an actor. Consider, for example, his role in films such as California, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks that he can change his appearance drastically or simply enough to fit that character and be absolutely credible. By the way, I was trying to be in vain for Halloween, but just didn't get the hair and beard right. I even had a hat right, which at first thought it would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why many people didn't like California or why they think it respects violence and murder, but I think no matter how glorious it is, it is going to explain the audience's understanding of his subject. A film that did not glorify violence at least initially can never be as effective as California, but the film will structure it perfectly. Everyone is brilliant in the sense of murder and of the aura of places where it has happened, but their realization and us are embodied in the reality they experience early and with Adel. The purpose of the film is to describe this difference between idealizing violence and seeing its horror close and real.
