This is a film with a killer on board. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny), a sophisticated, urban writer, wants to kill American sera killers. However, he does not own or his girlfriend Carrie (Michelle Forbes) have money for cross-country travel, so they advertise someone to share their travel expenses. Whoever they are, is the young couple, Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele (Juliette Lewis), two of the best examples of "bad litter" that you will never find in the whole cinema. <br /> <br Indeed, early and Adele is what makes this movie as fun as they hit, break, trust, coin, speculate, fall and otherwise behave in a way I haven't seen since "The Beverly Hillbillies" timing. California's early idea: "People think faster there, thanks to all this hot weather; cold weather makes people stupid". This is enough to convince Adele: "I think it explains why there are so many stupid people here." To which the early response proudly replies: "This is definitely". Early on, Adele Californian teaches: "You never have to buy fruit because it's all on the poodle ... and they don't have speed limits and I hear your first month's rent is free, state law But poor Early are some of the disruptions that are becoming more and more evident Brian and Carrie, as four passengers go west across the US. "California" is becoming more and more like "The Hitcher" (1986), and Early is starting to act more and more like John Ryder, everyone's manic caller whose terror seemed so unstoppable. <br /> <br /> In California, the operation is uneven, Duchovny's performance is flat, Brad Pitt is surprisingly effective, despite sometimes being overwhelming, Michelle Forbes is a big avant-garde photographer. With his nose and high-performance southern accent, he's stunning like naive, very animated, child-like Adele when our passengers enter the Nevada nuclear test site, where o n An obsolete old house that is full of trial games. The plot dissolves quite unobtrusively into unnecessary and unpleasant violence, which is a somewhat disappointing end. <br /> <br /> Generally, California is an entertaining film thanks to its smart concept, great landscape, especially in the second half, good cinematography, great dialogue and great admiration of Juliette Lewis.
