Although I am grateful to the dusky gem of the 70's Italian cinema elements in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" box, and although it is also available on the disk under the misleading and stupid alternate "Escape from Death Row", I honestly think it deserves a decent and luxurious DVD -Publish, fully in the original languages ​​with subtitle selection (dubbing is really terrible), restored image quality, and the load of special bonus features! Heck, I don't even need the restored image quality and bonus features if only the movie could be viewed in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a joyful fast-paced mafia / crime flick that has a lot of violence, comedy (which doesn't always work), feminine beauty and two spiritual main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is terrible because of a small thug who claims to be the city's biggest Don. When the true crime lord Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. At first, Frankie ignores a small hill, but in the end, she forms an improbable team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns to her and the new French criminal master even destroys Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they look for Marseille to take out Frankie's revenge. The script of this sadly neglected criminal legacy changes the desperate action and tension with a mild comedy, such as a grotesque car that travels through narrow French mountain roads. Building on typical mafia sequences (based on the excellent Riz Ortolan score) is extremely tense and the actual killings are sadistic and merciless, which is probably the reason why the film is considered somewhat of a classic in the house. The film does not have a strong female leader, because the lovely and amazingly strange beauty of Edwige Fenech appears only in a few scenes and then in the background. The men behind the camera, responsible for excellent cinematography, were no less than Joe D'Amato. A great movie that is highly recommended for fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it in its original version soon.
