I've never heard of Leos Carax until his Merde segment in Tokyo in recent years, and he was just out of the three readings of the movie. It wasn't my favorite shorts, but it was the most unique and most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was his first full-length feature I've seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses picture and music to interact with surprising young love that moves into poetic. Although he is classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his films are both quiet cinema and 60's experimental narratives. His films are closer to Jean Vigo's "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin as Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl Carax's 1984 debut, he uses black and white and a strong dependence on visual representation to display emotional states. It unites the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but is based on a reality that never seems as stable as Cocteau, but thanks to its expressions it becomes more accessible, more emotional, and more interesting than Vigo films. <br /> <br /> The Story of Boy Meets Girl is simple and similar to Carax's two subsequent films containing this "Young Lovers" trilogy. The boy named Alex, played by Denis Lavant (who plays Carax's next two films, Alex), is his girlfriend's love girl. In the first scene, he kills almost his friend's boardwalk, but stops murder. She walks around, reminding her of her neighbors having sex, and dreams of her girlfriend and her best friends. He steals him and leaves them to his friend's apartment, but avoids turning to them directly. He walks around and finds his way to a party where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes "breathless" and part of "limelight". sign language to "talk for yourself ... young people today. It's like they forgot how to talk." An old man gives an anecdote about working on a silent film day and how the actor's terrible stage changed to a certain lion camera. Here's a tip for the film, but a clear reference to the silent movie is an important scene because it overlaps with the style of the film (quiet and expressionistic) with the content (a loving young man who tries to tell the courage and do the things he really wants). Although Alex is first a pleasure and the storm of romantic words that will eventually end, he is a shy actor who will become a lion thanks to his inner feelings of films that cannot be easily grasped from the moment of love to fall in love. <br /> <br /> The film has a scene where Alex retreats from the party to the room where guests have captured their children and children, all crying in a choir that fills that room until it turns on a children's exhibition tape that makes them quiet. Unexpectedly due to the alarm, the TV starts to play a secret bathroom, which shows that the hostess wonders if she stays in the wig. Even if Carax is self-reflective and self-defeating in the very old age she is trying to say (the room where babies are) she is mature enough to see everything that is loved through the initial irony. movie crosses. Even the rich old ball clock is with a brother he can't. In the second scene, the former astronaut looks at the month he was walking in his youth while tasting a cocktail. <br /> <br /> Although Carax is fake for movies before music, he is a master of music knowing when to do Dead Kennedy's "Vacation in Cambodia" or Early David Bowie's Song, Piano Man's Sounds or a Girl Silently Moving. <br /> <br /> Boy meets girl when someone gets her heart broken We see blood pour out of her shirt when a couple of kisses on the sidewalk rotates 360 degrees, as if added to the carousel when Alex enters the party who feels away, because the most interesting people in the world are actually presence; as a famous author, who cannot speak for a bullet placed in his brain, or for a lost universe of 1950 that is astronauts. This film is between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic bloom and uncomfortable tales are missing, all of them parallel to the various visual, musical and emotional characters in these Caraxi films. <br /> <br /> Each line of dialogue, each piece of music, and the effect and editing of each movie resonated with me at some emotional level, some lacking word formulation. There are many stories about a boy who meets a girl, but instead of just studying the banal details of a particular event, this film has hit the ecstatic truth of the joyful and frustrating adolescents. The other movies you want to watch can wait. Look at it first. If I wanted to make movies, I would like them to be like that, in fact, I want all movies to be one where the ephemeral becomes bigger than life and life itself is a dream.
