In the past few months, WWE has presented the worst paid views in its history. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were violent, so they relied on their B-brand exhibition Smackdown! try to finish the year at a high level. Armageddon had the last bikes and Inferno races two main tricks, three races were championships and an interesting main event, which provided a team war that included Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. But it was one of the matches of the championships that did not bring us not only at night, but also as a candidate this year, when Teddy Long gave us an early Christmas competition for fans. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship game to Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor for the four-team Ladder game, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I am not going to get too much of it if anything I can say is not going to make it fair. It must be seen as believing. There were many high places and lots of brutal bumps and uncomfortable landings. One move I have to talk about was what took Joey Mercury straight to the emergency room in the middle of the race. Jeff Hardy jumped on the ladder that was created at the viewing angle, Matt Hardy, who held both MNM members over the other end to reach full force. Unfortunately, he did not want to protect Mercury's face and took the ladder full of nose and left eye. It was cruel. His face was instantly confusing for everyone to see and not surprisingly that it ended Mercury at night. Later we discovered that he suffered a broken nose and cut his left eye. Be warned. It's not heart weak. The end of this race after Paul London managed to grab both championship belts. I'm looking at wrestling for almost 15 years and it's no better than this game. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night opened only with the fourth Inferno match. Kane took a good game in MVP, but it was all about visual and not real action. For both contestants, there were some close calls with the flames, but in the end it was Kane, who forced MVP to flame after they both reached outside. MVP ran around when his butt was in the fire and there was a sick part that laughed at it. Let me tell Michael Hayes that MVP will be coming out of Smackdown next week! Johnny Cash's coming around. The second night and the Triple Main Event was all out of the last race between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. It was a tough game from start to finish and was the best series of Undertaker and Kennedy yet. The used poles, chairs and one scene were 15 meters from The Undertaker from Armageddon, which was designed as a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear that it was nothing but a crash mat and crowd. The end came after Dead Man's home clamp to Kennedy, who was at his ear, followed by a racing tombstone. <br /> <br /> Another noticeable card. Chris Benoit won Chavo Guerrero by playing another rigid game. It was a very good competition with Benoit, who hit 8 Chavo German suplexes at once. Benoit also considered whether or not to put Vikki Guerrero on the sharpener. Fortunately, he came to his mind and let him go. As a result, Chavo only tried to resist taking the picture to be able to receive it. <br /> <br /> Another cracking match on the chart was the Cruiserweight Championship, which took place between WWE's longest-serving master Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. It was a large number of flying and dangerous places, some of which took place outside, and it was much more valuable to the crowd than it did. JBL made it the best when he was angry with Richmond fans, sitting in their hands during that time, and at one point even a boring song started. Helms rose to the Duke after a jawbreaker-like maneuver with his knees at Smackdowns! lives in Redneck. <br /> <br /> Boogeyman confirmed Mizi's valuable game. I hate Boogeyman's passion. It's just worth listening to JBL Miz. JBL is the gold of comedy. <br /> <br /> Last night's game was the number 3 event. World Heavyweight Champion, Batista and WWE Champion, John Cena joined Finlay and Champions of Champions, King Booker. The race couldn't in any way start from the start of the Tag Team Championship game, but it was still fun. The competition would have been more memorable if he had been given another five to ten minutes, but many times I already said that it would be suitable for WWE this year. It was King Booker, who was at the end of the game after the big Batistomb. <br /> <br /> So 2006 is the end of WWE's schedule of payouts. It started with the New Year Revolution, but ended with a high level of Armageddon. This ladder match is remembered for a long time as the biggest ladder of all time. My hat is out of all eight competitors who give their fans one hell in their ranks.
