OKAY. I confess. I'm one of those nerds who have spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV watching the science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space day and since then I have changed partners regularly. I've seen everything, it seems, and my favorites are Lexx, Farscape, and the new Battlestar Galactica, in other words, the newest, state of the art spatial operation. But I also have a general break in old fashioned, inexpensive, like the excellent four experienced BBC's «Blakes7». Here the budgets are smaller than the hobbies, the special effects seem to have been made by Commodore 64, but who cares if the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, the dead are serious and sometimes even high? > <br /> But why do they always speak English in the future of space? As this is not the future, it is a fantasy for children. However, it may be irritating from time to time. As a Norwegian, I have often been terrified of the terrible fact that Scandinavian viewers are never made into genre series like science fiction. I've never thought it would have happened. But actually, once and even in my own country, Norway. I was two years old when we produced Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway), the version of these three episodes, of our national public service channel called Fjernsynsteartr. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about it, it wasn't surprising that until today, the exhibition in Norway was only once, so I can't really see it. It also went on time on Swedish, Danish and Finnish TV, but it was a long time ago. The video or DVD has not been released, not surprisingly, and when it was seen in the cinema of the art house, it happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact that "Blindpassasjer" did not surprise me that it was written by two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo mainly introduced the SciF genre to the Norwegians in the 1970s; they published anthologies and wrote what they called a fabula. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers and has written a number of great and fun novels, masterpieces, some of them fun, such as «Bazar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». Nothing but this guy, as well as a recognized dramatist, couldn't build a «Blindpasser» script. <br /> <br /> When I finally started to look at it, it was because the strange dwarf who recorded three episodes in the VCR in the 80s finally managed to turn them into a DVD and give it to me. She was a nice dick. So I sat down and watched it with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and errors; but the thing came out and I was surprised that I finally came to love. <br /> <br /> The outer spaceships of the spacecraft and planets are better than Blakes7, and the credit goes to Caprino's studio (who made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix) and the interior of Marco Polo (spaceship) works better than I thought. The actor is usually theatrical, but it works better than playing Ibsen, and Bjørn Floberg plays his role as Trini Lund. The legendary actor Henny Moan offers its features in a serious and modest tone that fits the genre, but it's a band game, and I'm happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen carries her mustache and Marit Østbye is really a hot room chic for my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really so good? Well, you have to swallow a rather steep end, a pretentious criticism of modern society, but yes, it is not really fantastic but charming, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. One and a half hours of classic Norwegian SciFi.
