Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a good little thriller that also explores the lives of "outsiders", people who live on the periphery of our vision, struggling with the need to "fit". Directed by Jacques Audiard and co-author Tonino Benacquista has created a tight, dense, fun little thriller that gives some important statements about the norm for individuals and their situation. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a regular Jane, mostly deaf, thirty, unnoticed secretary for a company whose life is one of social and sexual isolation and whose vision for the future is rather grim. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel), a recently published ex-con parole, who is responsible for advertising for Carla's assistant. At the first meeting, there is mutual physical exclusion: Carla had hoped for a well-groomed, sensitive man who could fulfill his fantasies and Paul was a coarse, silly buggy man who hadn't been impressed as an official. Their concepts change quite quickly when Paul rescues Carla's job, completing his request to steal a letter that would cost him work, and Paul discovers Carla's lips reading ability, which he sees as an opportunity for his past criminals who threaten his life. So this odd pair of teams joins forces and, together, enters the dangerous midfielder to gain Paul's security and freedom. This relationship is full of turning and the edge of the seat distance, with all these unlikely characters fulfilling their role in life, which surprisingly fills the walls of their walls. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel perform bravura performances and the rest is solid. Once again, Alexandre Desplat has brought a musical score that boosts tension and operator Mathieu Vadepied finds all the right lights and corners that point to both the world of character separation and Hitchcockius. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a sensitive and transformative factor at the same time: it shows us the difference between listening to hearing aids and not hearing, making some strong social comments. This is a fine film that remains the best in the genre of French film noir. Recommended. Grady Harp
