Anyone who, in despair, looked at the emptiness and weaknesses of the latest productions by Disney Studios, is something that should heal your wounds ... fake "hand-made old Disneys-like" drawings (see Lion King, Pocahontas and all the latest productions, where I regret the fact that Bambi's magical background and atmosphere have disappeared forever). <br /> <br /> Life of error (1001 Pattes to my companions!) You manage to avoid all the drawbacks that make you wake up in the middle of the movie and say, "Hey, this thing is computer-generated!". There are no weak parts, a tremendous effort to show its effectiveness in the background and the overall appearance of the kits, the amazing 3D birds (near perfection in the simulation of reality) ... and this is just a mention of the technical aspects. <Br / Scenario, my friends, the actual backbone of movies, is somewhat thick! Strangely enough, and thanks to the Lasseter team, A Bug is practically a musical sequence. Which means the story is long enough and abundant to get rid of those 3 or 4 minutes that some kids appreciate, but most don't like it (the same thing for parents or anime fans like me). This movie really reminded me of an old movie with Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: 3 Amigos; it was basically the same background (the whole Mexican village, who lives in fear of some bad boys, hires the armed forces (who eventually turn to the actors) to protect them, etc.). A simple yet effective and perfectly adapted to the frightened ants colony that faces cruel insects. Because there are many movies in Microcosmos that talk about insects, their lives, their fears and their hopes, but I think the life of the mistake is the most fun and best targeted. The humanization process has been fully accomplished ... And the whole audience was delighted by the adventures of Flik (aka Tilt in France). <br /> <br /> Many thanks to Lasseter's team, especially for the last 30 seconds. .. it is so strange and big at the same time to see the whole theater that has been caught, while the bugs / actors forget their lines or hit the camera ... <br /> <br /> Finally, especially for you who have seen the French version, congratulate other duplicators who made a great synchronization of this movie. The life of the error is really good entertainment and I think it will soon become a collection of my videos (the privilege of extremely few movies and this is not a storage space problem). Go and see it, it's a command.
