Pixar has had great success over the years with CGI animated full-length movies. "A Bug's Life" was the second whole set of features they've done so far, followed by the company's full-length debut, the groundbreaking "Toy Story", the first full-length CGI movie. I remember when this follow-up was advertised in the late 1990s when it was released, but I never saw it before November 2006. \ t I watched it twice this month and over three years later I saw it for the third time. It has never been so impressed by me as probably some other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three views I think it's better than some of the movies I've seen on DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is an anthony colony home. These ants are forced to collect food for grasslands that come and take it every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor who has a bad reputation that causes problems with his inventions, although he doesn't mean it. One year, when the colony has just finished preparing the annual offer, Flik accidentally strikes this stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! Hopper, the leader of the grasshopper, decides to give them another chance to collect food and prepare it by the end of the season, but they have to double their offer! Flik advises the colony's royal council that he is going to find "warrior defects" to fight the grasslands when they return. The future Queen of Princess Atta will allow her to go to this mission simply by not wanting to cause problems if the colony tries to collect food for another. The inventor finds the group's mistakes he thinks are warriors, but after he takes them back to Ant and introduces them, he learns that they are not really warriors, but circus errors! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar feature is never surprised by me can be these characters. None of them ever really emerged as much as they would have, and it seems a little strange. Fortunately, this is not like "Shark Tale", a film that has a very idiotic and unlikely token. The "life of the error" has a rather pleasant main character, which the audience takes root. Sometimes the story seems somewhat blissful, but mostly it is good enough to keep the movie at least moderately fun and sometimes somewhat good, especially later. Humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could have been, but there are definitely funny moments, some of which are related to Francis, a male ladybug who sometimes was wrong with a woman. You can always expect great animation from Pixar and animation in this particular tension is no exception. Offering this whole movie can be a bit disappointing with Pixar standards, but it's a reasonable family life.
