When you look at Bug's Life for the first time in a long time, I couldn't see how to compare with last year's Happy Feet. As for the main story, they are very similar, abandoned, doing what it can match, trying to be special. It just shows you how much better it would be if the film had been without its liberal diatribe conclusion. Many people disagree with me when I say that I like to tighten Pixar on the other side. Of course, it cannot capture the splendor of Toy Story or the animation of this world. But this story is top-notch and the characters are great to spend time. A lot of laugh and the moral center that you want to launch can look just as much as the other classics in the studio. <br /> <br /> There's plenty of power to find all the odds here. Our leader, Flick, needs to keep his self-esteem in order to save his colony, a colony that must open his eyes to a new way of life in the future, and circus errors that find they are more than just unattractive side chains, all evolve into a better mistake at the end of the story. Even the villain Hopper is perfectly polished and threatening for the right reason. He does not make it meaningful, but understands that the ants cross him 100-1. He needs them to be afraid that they should not worry that they are seeking the truth. It is a lot of life, but none that age cannot develop. <br /> <br /> Thinking about animation, it's really pretty good. Compared to the historical film Antz, it is much more realistic and less comic. Water blends nicely, as does foliage. You don't have to look far beyond the ants' eyes to see how much detail went into production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth outer surface, show realism. All the bugs are also finely designed. The crazy combination of beings recruited for urban flying and ants is never small or wider. It is also in the city where we see the working environment in the environment. Although Ant Island is nice, it's just out. Bug City has a lot of doubling of waste as buildings and clubs. This is a great example of humor and ingenuity to see what animators are using. Ice cubes as a circus, an animal cartoon circus wagon with a complete nutritional guide from the side and crazy boxes to create Times Square billboards and billboards and facades are all right. /> <br /> As far as humor is concerned, you have to credit the acting talent to make an excellent event and inspired role choices. No one could do a man-ladybird better than Dennis Leary with his acute spirit. I dare to think you better. Our leaders are also Dave Foley like Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals a lot of scenes from a movie, but also takes a central role in credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the initiator of animated extracts from Pixar. The many mistakes with many languages ​​with jokes that are related to each other, you also have to give strong castings. The perfect "with their husband's actors" are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and late Joe Ranft as the worm that bring the biggest laugh. <br /> <br /> Generally, it can be the simplest story that Pixar has shown on the screen, once or several times over the years, but it is sufficiently inspired and fresh enough to provide a pleasant experience. Have fun moments, sad times and even action-packed scenes with fun birds to join in with fun. With a couple of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, there's not too much bad to think about it.
