Recently, I've been watching a lot of Tom Hanks films and old Chaplin films, and even some of Rowan Atkinson's early Bean shows, and they all seem to have their own unique charm that goes through all their work, allowing them to identify members of audiences of all ages in such a way that just makes you well. Bug's Life has the same charm, it is related to real life, which allows us to easily stop unbelief and accept many talking insects, because while they are talking, they are still like real mistakes. It's like a team who made the movie, found a way to bring us to the child's mind and allow us to think like that, imagining the mistakes the young man does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I shrugged Children were one of my favorite films among the younger ones, and for me Bug's Life is a more realistic version of the film than just because animation is so breathtaking and this style story just opens up so much more narrative possibilities. I'm not trying to compare it with Toy Story (which I still keep, which is the best animation ever made) because the story of A Bug's Life is not as good as the story of the game, but then there's nothing more. Importantly, it is still wonderful fun. This story is about a colony of hard-working mistakes that has an impressively developed society, which is mostly aimed at creating food crops, most of which go to tyrannical grasshoppers, which are heavier and more general, and hopefully still make enough mistakes to make it winter. We are being treated by grasshoppers who make it clear that if the bugs offer an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be terrible. And by the way, similar similarities between the level of food mining are surprisingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's witch rush, which he feeds his people during the "Great Leap". <br /> <br /> The fun and excitement of Flik, ​​the main character, is trying to find the right warrior mistakes to come back and help defend the colony against grasshoppers. You see, he flowed all the collected food and put everything in high danger, so he feels that he is his responsibility, but he unintentionally hires a group of insect circus performers. Excellent for the audience, not for the safety of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film appeared back in the late 90s when it seemed that two films were as many films as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and Arrival, Life of Error, and Antz etc. The comparisons of Bug Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems clear to me that Bug's Life is by far the ultimate film, not only because it does not mark Woody Allen's striking and leading role. It's a great family fun!
