This cheerful world has been created by Pixar A Bug's Life; we are immersed in the universe, which can be documented pleasantly for this film, but more specifically in a universe that can only be documented through the animation world. For those who have forgotten what is offered by rich and delightful world animation? if it is in the right hand, what is it? The life of the error is a warm reminder. We feel the warmth of the film and the feeling of just the high-caliber film productions. <br /> <br /> This is only Pixar's second animated feature. The Disney subgroup made its outstanding debut and perhaps a completely unintentional mark in the film world three years before 1995 with its landmark Toy Story. It was a film that attacked the Convention, invented it again, and created a new life animation and defined a whole new level of excellence. Now they return with their second-degree efforts, which, frankly, pulls us all the cynicism before seeing the film. After all, this movie is an ants. Well, all the insects and bugs in the world are covered with A Bug's Life, but it's the ant that is the centerpiece of this movie because people are at the center of drama, romance, and so on. How can such an insignificant animal, such as an antenna, be the protagonist of the film, not to mention the premise of the entire feature film? Definitely they jest. But we forget that in Toy Story, a number of toy box objects could become the biggest, most inspiring and lovable hooded animated heroes and crooks ever created. Pixar boys manage to displace the same sound and manage to make a number of dirty and small bugs the most pleasing and pleasing pest that you will probably encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all completely friendly and enjoyable? there is no unpleasant character; even rogues are riveting characters? but they are colored, they are eclectic and they are idiosynthetic. And the number of characters is also large because of the lack of a better term, but it adds a plethora of distinctive layers already plastered to A Bug Life. Let's start with our main characters and our heroes. His name is Flik (David Foley) and his character is quite common. Thousands of loyal and obedient workers living in a lush, beautiful Ant-island are considered to be the "black sheep" of the clan, as seen in the opening of the film, when he inadvertently destroys the harvest of the season. Spacey) who want to continue their anger and autocracy. small ants; if they show their annual banquet to Ant-Island and see their offerings disappear, they go crazy because of the lack of a better term. Hopper offers to save ants from total extinction in his packaging; it is, however, a negotiation that is simply impossible to meet. Flik thinks the gears and watches are full of their steam and shame, and he is leaving the Ant island to look for some powerful soldiers who can come to rescue the colony and fight Hopper and grasshoppers. > <br /> When you think about it, Bug's Life is somewhat similar to the line of Akira Kurosawa's classic seven samurai or the American Remake of The Magnificent Seven, which is endangered by malicious and evil enemy villagers? a single villager is looking for help in a big city, finds it and returns to the colony to prevent evil. With the help of Bug's Life, the help of a down-and-out circus troupe, Flik falsely perceives as a warrior in the bar room. <br /> <br /> These scenes leave a lot of entertainment and a lot of entertainment comes from the circus troupe. Among them is the erudite insect insect (David Hyde Pierce), a side-by-side German abductor and quasi-femme fatale ladybug under the name Heimlich, who is actually a sharp and masculine ladybug (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely enjoyable by looking at these errors on the screen as it looks at the bugs and the insects interact on the screen, as well as the entire movie. <br /> <br /> As I have said, there will be lots of fun and joy. their characters and joyful communication with each other, giving way to fun lines, wonderfully stopping and rushing situations and a generally dazzling film. What makes Bug's life even better is that the film is not just about children, because many people can perceive it, even though the kids would really find it more entertaining? Cliché child friendly situations are a bit richer than we would like. However, this mistake is easy to ignore, and enjoying this movie is incredibly easy. <br /> <br /> Although the life of the bug may not reach the main standards set by your predecessor, it is still a great movie, and a promising start here. Pixar has proved that they are not just a hit, but a talented and talented group of filmmakers in Hollywood. They lift the bar indefinitely, and if anyone can always type their standards, it is always in itself. The more you say about Bug's Life, except: look at it; It's not the best we've seen in California's Emeryville people, but does it capture a lot of your year? and i'm fucking if it's not the best animated feature of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
