(originally this was the answer to the film reviewer, who said that the life of the error was too much, too fast - visual was "exhausted and exhausted" and it seemed that the story was completely ignored. <br /> <br /> Okay, first off, i'm 26 years old, i have a job, going to school and groom.So maybe i'm nuts and just really good at hiding it ... but not only i'm NOT A Bug's Life exhausted or frustrated but only then when i saw it for the second time i even really appreciated the magnificent visual art and humor - since i went for the first time to see this movie, i got the story together and the characters I predict I had to sit where everyone is "worshiped." framed visually How can you not feel the life of Flik and his way-to-heck-paved-good intentions? "Heck" really found myself with this little antenna (not to mention some other mistakes) much more than one ... and this in itself tells me more about what is an incredible movie. as a whole book of this beautiful eye candy. Of course it is beautiful (every grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, technology is amazing (you can read their lip! Try it!). However, this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling motion and color explosion. No, the life of the error would be static if it were all and not the story. But I'm glad to say it's not! Bug's Life has a real heart. Yes, there is much going on, both wisely and visually, but because the story and the characters have some depth to them! Just because it's a children's movie doesn't mean you have to turn off your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the PIXAR team did it themselves, even before their children ... and it shows how much the heart is. This movie moves, touches, funny, intriguing and generally engaging. The formation of the cast character of such an ensemble is amazing, there is a large amount of character growth, not just the main character - so rare in animation and often in films in general. It won't hit you with your points when it is done - every scene, every frame has a reason to be there, and there's no free pictures. Not always, explicitly speaking, exactly what is happening, fine, for me, people; that is, the movie is "not beaten" and assuming the audience is a fool, which is usually not the case. All I think is that if you see a mistake in life and don't know anything at all, you should never make a big mistake, hurt your friends, crush, fall in love, be disappointed that no one will listen to you lied to someone you you care, you felt that it was a social misconception, got a new idea excited, came up with a great idea, what you thought a great idea backfire, was a once uncomfortable and confident, the pressure of responsibility, standing up against yourself and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd , felt like a failure, felt great success, felt the need to change his life in the lives of other people ... well, you get a point. Final text: A + evaluation for me; please if you see that you are trying to see it in the theater (panoramic and scanning video NOT working for this movie); if you loved the story of the game, you probably love it (PIXAR knows how to make hearty movies); if you love it, you will see it several times or STILL still does not know what you are missing (the number and detail of details is significant here); and if you really feel low, pretend it is seed, right?
