In "Brokedown Palace", directed by Jonathan Kaplan, the two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale), decide to celebrate high school graduation while traveling to Hawaii, but hear that Bangkok, Thailand is much more fun. They exchanged plans and decided to go to Thailand, not to mention the change of plans for their parents. Although they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really beautiful guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them that he sells three economy tickets to Hong Kong with his first-class ticket to spend a weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and were arrested at the airport for smuggling drugs. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. I think Kaplan tried to show the audience that it is wise to make good decisions, because in one case, one bad decision can change the direction of life forever. Also, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think the real intentions of this friendly face are. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and changed their lives forever. Things have a funny way of showing us what decision we have made the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not fair, so it's important to think about the long and difficult choices we make, because we can never go back and change our choices. <br /> <br /> This movie is a great device; it was filmed mainly in Bangkok. This movie also has great music; some of my favorite songs are Delerium 'silence', Plumb damaged, 'Deliver me' by Sarah Bightman and Nelly Furtado 'just started' party. I went out and bought a soundtrack after watching this movie. The girls where the young and the naive couldn't think about their plans thoroughly, an error someone could make, so this movie is good for everyone. No difference for young or old - we are all human and wrong. Although I didn't like the way this movie ended, I doubt - who really smuggled drugs? - I'd definitely give this movie two thumbs.
