We all have friends. Some people have more than others, but in fact there is only one or two people you know really close to, the people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are such. You see it from the beginning. They ended up together, they went together at the party and decided to go to Bangkok when they had to go to Hawaii. They also break down when they try to smuggle drugs into a third world country and that they manage a disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and giving up hope. It also has a strong message of the power of friendship and what it means to anyone. <br /> <br /> Brokenown Palace is a very good movie, it is not great and it is caused by some of the problems I want to talk about. But first I want to say what's good about the movie. And for the starters, this is the upper limit and you don't see more than two leaders. Denmark and Beckinsale are perfect in their role. Alice is always hot and looks a little rough around the edges, but it seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes this fun can get him into trouble. Darlene is always on a little conservative side, and although it can sometimes irritate, it would have served the two girls better if his way was detained instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is enough because he lives in the United States. The film is also very well captured. The interior of the prison, but not the same as Shawshank or the natural born killer or return to paradise, but it shows the necessary (but insignificant) hopelessness of what they are. We see two girls trying to do it every day, but you see that their spirit is put out a little more every day. The Brokedown Palace is great when it comes to friendship and it shows how they have to stay together to survive. The second thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack of the movie. It enhances and complements the film's mood. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie, and when it plays, you feel the situation of the women in that prison. You may feel like they have to feel alone and how desperate they are to get back to simple things in life. And it makes you look at yourself and understand how happy we live in the society we do. We have a simple comparison with some countries and we believe it or not, that music is the ideal catalyst for thinking about this topic. Some of the music is done by a group called Delirium (I think), but it is Sara McLaughlin (wrong spell, but how do you write your last name?), What makes words and her voice is beautiful and haunting and adds so much Movie didn't like what I like didn't like the movie. I'm not saying what it is they are doing, but when you see it yourself, you know what I'm talking about. Nor did I feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It seemed like a minimum security prisoner, and this may be because if other films have similar circumstances that attract men from abroad, prison scenes are always cruel and sadistic. But I didn't get it here. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great movie, and it really does matter to you: "How far are you going to your friend?" This is a difficult question and maybe none of us could answer honestly until they reach the same position. We just hope it never comes to it.
