Flynn, mostly known for his ridiculous roles (and his bedroom!) Takes a different relationship with this film and works beautifully. Playing with a real-life boxing game, Jim Corbett, Flynn turns a charm-filled blast when he makes his way to a Pugist, drawn from a San Francisco bank transfer, while keeping an eye on society. He and the best palm Carson are involved in the fight against illegal bare soldiers and are arrested with other men's (and dog's) prices, including a prominent judge. The next day he gets a chance to become a judge in a private club through Smith. He uses this opportunity to attract his exclusive members to good graces and find a place as a club resident boxer. His unusually adept skills in sports have soon taken over all the comers, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is completely magical here. He is a representation of charm, charisma and appeal in this role. She looks awesome (especially on a ghost whose hair is shiny and has a white job) and practically does all her stuntwork (impressively!) Her line of delivery is delicious and she is credible and compassionate and at the same time duplicative. Smith expresses every pore class and taste and is suitable for Flynn. At this stage, she needed a female defendant who would be able to fulfill her progress and reputation (at that time she had compulsory rape) and she did it perfectly. His freshness and cavalier attitude reduces him, but he hardly helps his enchanting spell. Bond is incredibly brash, dirty and harsh, but gentle when the script requires it. Amusing support is provided by young and unequal Carson. Frawley is his trusty cantankerous himself as the leader of Flynn. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including the Flynn rambout family and a number of Nob Hill varieties. The whole thing is beautifully appointed and safely targeted. Some kits are amazingly presented. Some Smith gowns are limited to roses, but are well suited for drowned hairstyles. It's a terrible glimpse of the first day of the championship, but it's also a lot more. Some of it (such as the features shown by Flynn) are amplified or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but it is a lot of authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the fight.) One line is especially memorable: "I believe you like me more than I like you, but it is quite possible that I love you more than you love me. "This is a classic romantic dialogue (and the script is more than a few zingrites).
