James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Crowd of the Crowd" was the starting point for this lively and memorable fictional biography. The author was a heavyweight master of the world before the turn of the century, following John L. Sullivan. The events of the narrative depict Corbett as a rich but pleasing and intelligent young man, whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudice during his time as a son of Irish immigrants, a low banknote and someone surprised everyone. He took hours of exciting and often fun screens to prove his companions were wrong. He is a banknote when the movie opens, but he somehow puts the invitation to the sports club to work well. She falls in love with a beautiful but sniffing girl with whom she always seems cumbersome, and she lives in a home where there is a scary Corbett clan who seem to fight each other as often as others. If he wins the club's best and professional battlefield to shame him, he will eventually decide to fight. He sets off with his friend who acts as a leader and coach, and despite some close setbacks he wins all his races and attracts attention. Coming home to resume his girlfriend, she wears Boston Strongboy, a powerful John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars and claims he can "lick any man in the world". Few believe that he can win against Sullivan, but Corbett, called "Gentleman Jim" for his gracious behaviors and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing outward and denying the furious power of Sullivan. The best scene in the movie can come when the beaten Sullivan has to congratulate Corbett. The new champion will rise to the moment, tells Sullivan a few years before it could have been different and shows him something but admiration and respect. She gets her girlfriend as a result of her two shows, but when she ends up in the movie, when she visits her parents, her leader can say to the world: "Corbetts are back". Movies are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickox made cinematography, during which the artistic direction of Clarence Steensen and Ted Smith was. Heinz Roemheld made music and Milo Anderson's gowns. The film was directed by Raoul Walsh, an action film specialist. Flynn liked working with Walsh, but he doesn't care about another director he most often worked with, Michael Curtiz. Among them were Ward Bond John L. Sullivan, one of his best performances by Alexis Smith, a little spotty, but intelligent, when Corbett loves and very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man he was happy to play - later he said it was his favorite role of time ... Jack Carson was his leader Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, rich enemy, William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy, Vaughn and Mike Mazurki enjoyed enjoyable procedures. It's hard to say enough about the logic and light fun of the filmmakers; it is one of the best sports biography films, as well as one of my favorite standards.
