<br /> <br /> Everything is relative seems to be the eleventh head of the eleven units from the beginning of the main theme. This means that what may be one of the priorities of people like Bush, Blair and Company may not be so many other people, ordinary people. Opening the scene where the Iranian teacher tries to impress her small students the most important thing that has happened, as a result of which children have not been impressed because the death of a neighbor and things that obviously affect them much more than anything that can happen in New York, In the US, where it is, this series of almost documentary shapes has proven that not all things are equal to all people, as some world leaders would try to predict. Although obviously the attack on the WTC was a somewhat meaningless event, the impression is that both politicians and television cameras tend to push things out of any proportion - perfectly manifested in one of these pieces. Would there be the same reaction at international level when an attack was made in Lagos, for example, in Djakartal, or even in Rio de Janeiro? I don't think so. The news seems to be a damaging distortion depending on where things happen: much more television time is given to the earthquake in Italy, saying ten times more Outer Mongolia destroys. Larger distances seem to reduce the size of the disaster. <br /> <br /> This eleven-piece series will help you see things better - or maybe I should say some pieces do, because every director is totally free to create their own story, in their own translated perspective, so it's not it is possible to evaluate all achievements, but for each eleven minute segment separately. <br /> <br /> Under no circumstances should it be concluded that this is an anti-American film: it would be too easy to read the various messages published through the segments. But it is also not American. The eleven segments have different attitudes and the common link - if there is one - is that the WTC attack disaster must be seen as a perspective from different perspectives. Only then will people like George Bush begin to understand the planet he lives on. <br /> <br /> One segment has clearly stated that I believe I've been for two years: America has not learned the lesson. And the lesson is that the US has to share it with the rest of the planet's humanity - not to dominate it by ruthless economic persuasion or simply by force. Instead of learning that the US cannot just continue stamping everyone and everywhere, the political leaders supported and supported by Blair (and even Aznari) have become even more arrogant and even more intolerant, which does not do good to anyone in Afghanistan. or Iraq now, not to mention much else. The White House's way of thinking is completely rejected: the United States and the United Kingdom invaded Iraq and caused all the chaos, which is why they should create the confusion they have not caused - not requiring the United Nations and other countries to break into the helpline and thus find a simple way out of instability. The radical attitudes adopted by the United States (or even Israel) can only be met by the radical attitudes of the Islamic people who have grown up for years in fanatical fundamentalism if they only cover their masses. useless, that is to say, stoned with stoning, or simply dirty on the floor of their head. <br /> <br /> The world is in terrible confusion fed by the greed of some wealthy countries who seem to be curved not to see or understand anything from multilateral perspectives. This eleventh-piece film accurately depicts this unpleasant and foolish position.
