After about twenty-seven times after you have deleted your thoughts, I feel like I can now take a look at this complex French drama, "Read My Lips". Having written over fifty comments, I have never lost such words as I did the fine, but inspirational story of director Jacques Audiard. The idea was poured over the love and hatred of this film, and although "loves" won, it was these elements that hated the debate in my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. Specifically, the character is a drama that combines social insecurity with criminals in everyday office work. Here is where this review begins to crumble, is it all these elements? but it is much more, much more. As an observer, Emmanuelle Devos's imagination will immediately draw you into the fragile woman named Carla, whose strength will disappear for her office men and her hearing difficulties. Audiard introduces us harshly to our world by removing the sound of the screen when it does not suffer, causing immediate anxiety, not only the characters of the film, but those who watch it. Without sound, the world remains open to any opportunity and it is scary. <br /> <br /> If we look at this hard and undisturbed woman who puts her into life, then we are displaced and given the opportunity to meet Paul (played exclusively by Vincent Cassel), slipped hair, musty bears, who were just liberated from prison, homeless, unemployed and forced his password officer to work. That's how Carla and Paul meet. It is a moment that is a terrible, disturbing attraction. Where do we think he loves him, but he's dark (and here's where it gets even more fun)? and where we think he loves him, but he's dark. Permanent role change creates an unknown tone. Who do we feel most sympathy as a viewer? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps her; Carla loses her contract with a competing colleague, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read human lip is useful for Paul's idea of ​​change. Continuous jumps back and forth to keep you in your chair, waiting for the light to shine in the dark cave. It's never. Audiard can't just allow this story; she constantly introduces us to more signs; one as high as the next. Even our rock, our firm foundation officer, is questionable when his wife is lost? the sub-block of the movie that first got me angry, but in the further discussion there was the final finale for this movie. But none of this would have happened if it wasn't for our characters. The solo and home-like look of Devos is breathtaking when he changes Paul's image; discover the truth of her beauty. In the film, the wildlife sign Paul continues to make friends with his final final game and abuse it. Then, as we expect one, Carla takes one last shape. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows she's got some amazing actors to capture her characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time and I still sit under my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this movie, is initially random. The interwoven stories seem to be unrelated, but Audiard allows them to bind a bit. Again, the entire password officer segment was tangent, but the last scene only solidified the ends with means. Without trying to make the sound vague, but this complex (yet quite simple) story is hard to explain. There are many cases, but it is up to you to decide. A favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where the money is. This sound and scene was great. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like looking at who-dun-it mystery opens in front of your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, I was originally a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget when it was over? I was wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the floor for discussion, not just with characters, but with situations. In one scene, he finds himself at Carla and then Paul. When Carla discovered Paul's apartment, I found myself deeply angry. Audiard brought real emotions to her characters and development and what was she missing in the plot? participants were able to bear. I can easily recommend this movie to anyone but be ready; this is not a one-time viewing movie. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Rating: **** *****
