I decided to see this movie on the day it was opened in France as a personal way to think what happened a year earlier; Collecting works as intended: it provokes a whirl of thoughts and emotions, works in an intellectual morning, never tilting with cheap sentimentality or knee-jerk. <br /> <br /> Many claims have been made that the film is anti-American: although I cannot speak to everyone on this issue, I am one American who found that such statements are totally wrong. people do a lot of sound about the Egyptian segment, Chahine, because it expresses the perspectives of the Palestinian suicide attacks, claiming that democratic democratic citizens are "fair goals" because they choose the governments that bombers are trying to attack, but it ignores a lot of other things: no one is truthful, and critics - even when they saw it - seem to be forgetting love and a warm dialogue between the director and the ghost of the American dialogue. and director of intense sadness in tragedy. <br /> <br /> Really all the movies are beautiful, thoughtful and inspiring, especially the brilliant work of Mahkmalbafi, Tanovic, Loach & Inarritu. Nair, as usual, actually speaks of a true story of injustice committed against a Muslim family after anti-Islamic hysteria that swept - and still sweeps - countries. I found Gitai a bit vulgarly loud and just the hysteria criticism of this media in front of terrorism, and Penn's piece was too impressive and elliptical to my taste, even though I had been expecting it. Borgnine is very good and daring in this. SPOILER WARNING: One of the evaluators below has misread the fall of the tower as a happy moment of character; my reading is rather that the fall of the towers is that because the light floods his room, he puts his life in disrepair, which he refused to acknowledge. Again, this is an impressionist piece because we know that if the towers really block the light of this man's apartment, there would have been nothing but smoke and ashes, not light, flooding through his window.
