As you know, here was the question of asking eleven directors from all over the world to make every 11-minute, 9-second, and one-frame short film. We are here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What can the children of Afghan refugees understand about the collapse of towers? Nothing. Great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): A weak plot with a great cinematic work ... Imagine a deaf woman living in a WTC who doesn't see her dog shouting ... Well just look at it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The biggest oriental filmmaker is compassionate ... For all: our soldier, who died ten years ago, for the Wtc population, but also for the Palestinian suicide terrorist. Maybe less crazy about us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): Good pictures, make us travel ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): one of the poorest countries in the world, a delicate and funny story about five boys who want to beat Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it, but no one believes they say they know where she is is. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a twenty year old bloody dictation. Thousands of deaths, tortures: all that Chile has offered to Henry Kissinger and CIA, and knowing it, is changing from your point of view! I think this is just because the American film distribution company did not allow the film to be released in our theaters Loach forgot to forget that 1973 is also the year of WTC construction! - Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico): Impressive images that we all know too well, and many black screens. I didn't get that much, it's an artist's video (at an exhibition show) rather than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): An absurd ballet of police officers, journalists, etc., around a car burning in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): An anti-Islamic cognition after September 11. Very good. - Sean Penn (for us): A funny little story that reminds us of the usual forgetfulness, the WTC had a huge shadow and some places now have daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): the second. There is no other word for WTC here and the action will take place at the end of World War II. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives you deep feelings, but the director would have done better in more than 11 minutes. --- So --- A great movie, a great attempt to take the world temperature. I love it.
