From the very beginning it was clear that on September 11th, so many films were inspired as World War II and Vietnam; However, there is certainly a great risk that most of these future films are as good (or rather bad) for Pearl Harbor. Fortunately, the first international press release on September 11th is not a love story of cheese, which is one of a number of beautiful faces, but the collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> are not going to say that all 11 episodes are big (for example, Youssef Chahine has an unnecessary prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamural is really an odd end) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura, being the only one refer directly to the Twin Towers, open the movie, not stop, but Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last, because it is the most impressive, but it is an impressive effort and an interesting idea of ​​how other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin tower. <br /> <br /> Consider Samira Makhmalbaf's expanding segment where Afghan teachers are trying to explain to their students what happened in New York and successfully referred to a minute's silence. Or part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which contains bin Laden's double as much as you are shocked) when you see her, I promise) where 5 boys are reminded of good things that can be done by rewarding Ken Loach has a surprisingly good (and very angry) blunder for example, a Chilean man who talks about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11" - September 11, 1973, when their elected President Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with Henry Kissinger and CIA's generous help. It could have been a terrible effort in the struggle against the Americas, but it became a sad story and shared my appreciation for the best segment of Inarritu (mostly sound impressions and phone calls from hijacked aircraft to the black screen, sometimes some pictures of people who fall from the WTC and eventually collapse from the tower to the screen with brightness and one question appearing) and Amos Gitai is about a hysterical reporter who is desperately trying to come to the air after exploding in Tel Aviv (difficult to detect, but this one is a choreography masterpiece). <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I haven't mentioned Claude Lelouch from the deaf girl, Danis Tanovic from the Srebrenica women's demonstration, Mira Nairi - weird, but it requires an Indian director to have the part that is probably the most enchanting to the West - about a Muslim family whose son is after the terrible doubt of September 11, and Sean Penn's with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widow who manages the most depressive life, can imagine adding a unique film that is not easy look and hard to forget. I'm sure this movie is classic, known to all for thirty years. I hope it will be remembered with the long tradition of cinema films in the world. But unfortunately it is much more likely to be remembered as a single movie. And if one of the few of the eleven movies made by then, this terrible event does not diminish the love story that has a happy ending, just for the audience.
