This intimately connected, 2007 character-like temporary drama is like a big, juicy chess-level steak coming from a filmmaker who knows how to steer his actors from occasional fearsome performances. Think of the Beginners - Henry Fonda's lonely dissenting opinion of the "Twelve Angry Men" Jury, Mary Tyrone's "Delayed Day at Night", Katharine Hepburn's Delusive Concentration Camp Survivor "Pawnbroker", William Holden's Winter Lion "Online" and Paul Newman's Alcoholic Lawyer " Judgment ”. The list includes some of the best screens of the last half century and you can add Philip Seymour Hoffman desperately to the rank of Andy Hanson. 83 does not have any signs of Sidney Lumet's twentieth fatigue, and in fact he rejoices for the first time in the melodramatic appeal of Kelly Masterson's thickly-drawn script. <br /> <br /> The story is treacherously small because it focuses on the moral compromises that are resolved in a family where two brothers are desperate for direct money. In his latest film, Woody Allen followed similar fraternal dynamics, strangely captured by "Cassandra's Dream", but Lumet is not embarrassing and cautious in his acute approach to this inevitable vagueness and deception. The plot rotates around a crime that was meant to be a victim. Embezzling money on your real estate investment payroll to keep your neglected woman Gina happy and satisfy the expensive drug habit, fluent speaking Andy is about to open an IRS audit. Meanwhile, her younger brother, Hank, has a post-divorce mass of independent insecurity that is only behind her livelihood and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy is proposing a supposedly foolproof plan to rob her suburban jewelery shop. neither of them should be there. The aim was for the brothers to collect the carriage and the parents to insure the insurance. The Murphy Law interferes in every way possible, starting with Andy's pressure on Hank. After some fraternity, Hank agrees with it, but too scared to do it alone, recruits him with a reckless gun. Fate arises from them one day when Andy and Hank's mother open the store, and things change quickly from there. While the reverse-narrative technique is not new (for example, "21 grams" by Alejandro González Iñárritu), Masterson's approach works effectively in delineating certain events from a number of perspectives, so that you understand how each character refers to the consequences of an unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The show is perfect, starting with Hoffman's riveting with Andy, Machiavellia's reptile whose cool appearance and innate immorality hide their resentment against their family. I thought he was great at "Savages" by Tamara Jenkins, but here he is even better. The snow even firmly throws out the usual impatience of Ethan Hawk as Hank, absorbing her weakened weakness, which informs her of any ill-planned movement. Albert Finney acts as his typical father, who works with his typical later career, but provides the necessary basis for the complexity of the Oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a wise choice to play Gina when the actor is economically key to a small but central role, watchful character. Estimated theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt "Spider-Man" trilogy) has little time as a mother, as does Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes bordering on excessive boundaries, especially when the situation becomes more and more desperate for the brothers, but the principals inject an energetic brio to make them bloom. After the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty", it is refreshing to see the top of Lumet. The 2008 DVD offers a terrificly informative commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawk, all of whom talk easily and understandably. Along with the original theatrical trailer, there is also a better-than-average 24-minute feature film, "directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil was Made" with two sets of interviews and pictures with Lumet. producers and key players.
