This is a profoundly devilish story of how bad things can go wrong. Easy robbery. Take some serious changes. Get our finances together and everything is hunky-dory. But the mother and pop jewelry store? No problem. Insurance pays for it all. There are no guns. No one would get in. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Parents, the most successful (probably) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) have some small problems. Heroin addiction, getting used to cocaine. The husband (Marisa Tomei), who does not get well, does not seem to perform. His flat belly days have long gone. Younger, sweeter, a little dimmer younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke), who has some of his own dinero problems. She pays for her child for her daughter who owes her friends and relatives, not just for work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, at this stage, at the age of 82 (!) directs and gets 99.99 percent right, which is hard to do on the thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I remember and most of the time the director prints the film and lives with holes in the plot, unlikely situations, cheesy scenes, and haste. Here, Lumet makes a thriller like it's a work of art. Every detail is perfect. Action is great. The plot has no holes. The story speaks truly and clearly and represents a story of human weakness that respects the greatest filmmakers and even Bard. <br /> <br /> Hoffman is of course great. If you do not have a tent that leads to human presence, you need to get a talent, work and clean concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not a stranger to the sweet, low-hearted role, adds a layer of despair and too much human incompetence, so we don't know whether to repent or trash him. Albert Finney plays a kind of sharp intensity on the roadside father's father, threatening his age. And Marisa Tome, who has a taste for sexuality to go with her unique creativity, can be as vulnerable as hard as nails like Andy's two timings. (But who could blame him?) This is almost the holy sanctuary of a film reviewer, giving five or ten stars to a commercial thriller, but if you study this film because all the filmmakers who want it are highly recommended, you'll notice what is too much (according to most Hollywood producers) attention to the details that make true art - a thing that only great artists can do and really can't help but do. (By the way, I think this film had twenty producers, maybe a dozen; check the credit.) All I can say in summing up is the way to go to Sydney Lumet, who is an excellent filmmaker and shows such loyalty to his craft and his own. art in such a highly developed age? Do we all get so well halfway. <br /> <br /> Okay, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that his father (Albert Finney) could have followed the cabins that Andy took around New York without losing his tail. It's small and I want all the thrillers to have such a small flap. He also wondered why Lumet decided not to talk about Hank's fate. We can guess and guess. Maybe his fate fell on the floor of the cutting room. Maybe Lum was not happy with what was filmed and time ran out, and he just said, "Leave it like that. And I think it's not. What happens to Hank isn't good. He's not the guy who he succeeds in going to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is a guy who gets "easy" sentence 10-20 and serves it and comes out of some shrunken human being who knows he wasn't really a man if he should. this is Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best, The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) director and much more.
