Tarantino once noted the melodrama of the 1930s, called Backstreet, that "tragedy is another sign of the film". The same can be said - and not to tolerate the growth of Tarantino for the best work of Sidney Lumet over the years, a melodrama where the character has been extremely concerned not only about what is involved with a companion. Kelly Masterson does not have a script masterpiece here (it is finally divided into a crazy killer regime for a series of climatic events that only work to the end, and even there is an extremely unbelievable stop), but his script does not transmit character before the plot and the story of activities surrounding him is important to know who kills these people. It's boring like hell, unforgettable as Satan, but also riveting 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Fear it not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day - the typical birthday activities before and after the robbery of the botched "mother - and - pop" jewelry shop, but because of that that it has been put together amazingly (which may add that it is Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers who have their own financial resources, and the former approaches the latter, which looks like a foolproof thief: looting his mother and father's jewelry in Westchester. The Hawke Hank still includes another shady character, murders and suddenly a tragedy on the Greek scale that affects the brothers and their father, played by the perfect Albert Finney. This is the kind of material that most of the participants love, who, like the dogs in the afternoon, are painfully human, are defective with bones, but only want to put love and / or things right and have a complete inability to fulfill their desire and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, although Hoffman and Hawke are perfect; In the last ten minutes, Hoffman has a super-calm and occasionally funny behavior that shows him as an operation brains, but then smaller scenes where he emotionally breaks down (ie with Finney's or Tome's car scene) pushing his talents to the limit; Meanwhile, her former husband and daughter Hawke are losing their loser, can't be indebted at all, and she is called a child by her father, and she pays that part of the bill in all the important things - she's not as bad as her older brother, but who wants it to choose for a title? Finney, as mentioned, is on the ground all the time, making his fish in Big Fish like a child's game (the last scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face receding into horror that has built up all over the other). <br /> <br /> Also subtly ditsy and perverse double Marisa Tome, Bug's Michael Shannon as a bad ass white trash and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris make a short, accurate impression, this is a movie with a tremendous skill and heart, but not a forgiving heart - a story that doubles details that are not expressive parcel equipment, but to make clear each host's permanent downward spiral step. If it's not as meaningful as Serpico or Network or Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men, it's as close as Lumet has done.
