In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a self-employed executive who has accused his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei) of a great deal of addiction and expensive lifestyle. When an audit is planned in his department, he becomes desperate. His patron, Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke), is a loser who has three months of child support for his daughter and has a love affair with Gin every Thursday afternoon. Andy prints on his parents morning without using their weapons on Saturday morning and looks forward to finding an old employee with no financial loss for his parents because the insurance company would compensate for the damage. On Monday morning, we brought in the money he needed to cover his uptake. He invites Hank to participate because he knows very well in the mall where the jewelry is located and what can be recognized. But Hank blesses and calls the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) gets a job and Bobby brings a hidden weapon. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but she is also deadly photographed. After Nanette's death, their father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the abduction with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you're dead," this is a comedy of mistakes that reveals a good story. Originality and difference are in a scenario with non-linear narrative à la "Pulp Fiction". Eighty-three-year-old Sidney Snow is another great job and it's impressive for this director's longevity. Philip Seymour Hoffman is fantastic that he has a dysfunctional person with his father's traumatic relationship, who knows about the breakdown of the world mainly because of his insecure and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressively proud and sexy with a great body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed a place of evil. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before The Devil Knows You Are Dead")
