The full title of this movie is: "Do you want to be in the sky for half an hour before the devil knows you're dead", redefining the old Irish toast "Do you have food and clothes, a soft pillow for your head; are you 40 years in the sky before the devil knows you are dead. but almost full absorption with much used but highly narrative technique of pushing off / turning off. By repeatedly suggesting different views of each character on central incidents that guide this rather harrowing story, we see all the players' motivations in the event that the robbery has gone very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a gang as a leader who is married to emotionally poor Gina (Marisa Tomei) and depends on an expensive drug habit. His life begins to crumble and he needs money. Andy ne're-do well younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) has life ruins - he is divorced from his shy wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is behind alimony and child support, and has borrowed everything she can with her friends and she needs money. Andy offers a small robbery of a small mall mother-and-pop jewelry store that is both safe and fast for both cash. The mistake is that jewelery belongs to male parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy promotes Hank and collects what Hank is doing for the actual robbery, but even though Hank agrees to a "fail-safe" plan, he hires a friend to take on the actual job while Hank is going to be the head of escape. car. Robbery is a scary thing, as the usual secretary, Nanette, is a kidnapper and has been hit. The catastrophe reveals many secrets about the family's weaknesses, and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are driven to the catastrophic end with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> The actor in each of these strong, but emotionally sharp films will perform great performances and although we have been expecting Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris to be this smart hand. The direction of Sidney Lumet, which makes this movie so unforgettable. It's not an easy viewing of a movie, but it's a movie that allows some bravura performances that require our respect, a movie that reminds us of how many families may be fragile. Grady Harp
