I have to admit that I had doubts about this movie before I watch it. The main reason for this is that it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I've seen a number of films that are supposedly inspired by Hitchcock or what could have been done by "Master", but so far I haven't seen any of those films that could have proved time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is too easily used to advertise some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand, I have to admit that I was interested in it because it is a European film. Usually there are big Hollywood studios who want to abuse Hitchcock's name if it can increase their income. But this film was made in one of the most chauvinist European countries and I am sure most French is dead rather than admitting that their films are inspired by the English. That's why I decided to try this movie and I have to say I'm glad I did. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read My Lips" as it is called in English. a story about a young secretary named Carla. She is a hard-working and loyal employee, but her colleagues have never appreciated it. This is much related to the fact that he suffers from hearing impairment, which has prevented him from climbing the company's hierarchical ladder. But if he is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for him, it will change. Paul Angeli is 25 years old and still a convict. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him the opportunity and the cover if needed. He hopes to teach him what a normal life should be, but at the same time he drags him in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is too often used to describe a very good thriller the film is definitely - I don't make any comparison between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard. The fact is that the man has done a great job with this film. I had never heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to build a relationship and how to keep you interested from start to finish. It has a lot to do with a very fine and original story, of course. I doubt if somebody in Hollywood has ever come up with the idea of ​​using a powerful woman in a powerful role, rather than making her a helpless spouse's topic (you know that a typical TV movie story). br /> <br /> Also worth mentioning is the performance of this movie. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete secret to me. There is nothing strange about these roles, but they both did a great job with their characters, making them very plausible and realistic. Paul could have been the average tough man from prison and Carla, who is usually a helpless woman, but because of her performances you really believe that these are two strong people who both have bad luck in life, but who does the best together. <br /> <br /> All this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and some great actors. Despite having doubts about it, I will soon be one of its greatest admirers. I'll give this movie 8/10. Don't be afraid to try it.
