I will see a very consistent pattern in the 2007 film identity. When 2004 was a year of biographies and 2005 was a year of political films, 2007 can be identified as years of great moral stories, films that portray, test, challenge and challenge people's morals and motives manage to do certain things. Although this identification is quite broad, I think that a handful of movies will appear this year, such as 3:10 Yumale, eastern promises, American gangster, no country for old men, and others who specifically ask and study the morals and motives of people that lead us to such acts such as violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows you are dead, he is a terrifying story of stylish morality and quite dark, dark and depressing. And even better, it comes from one of our greatest classical directors of the time, the legendary Sidney Snow who has been said by many, has gone to his prime minister, but returns with full force to this maliciously rich criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films that are so thick that they are very reluctant to go into details. This is the film that is best enjoyed when it comes to events without prior knowledge, because there are turns. But the thick and richly treated plot is not at the center of this film; as I mentioned, the real focus is the moral story; motives that guide these two men through the action of the film. In both structured plots between Coen Brothers (namely Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men traveling in different shady circumstances to draw a fairly simple crime that goes unbelievably, ridiculously wrong and is responsible for full force and inevitable tragedy. To make it even more interesting, the film is spoken of in a fragmented chronology that keeps track of tracking and shows different events that follow a different character each time and always arrive from where the last time was left. The Kelly Masterson scenario is surprisingly subtle and round, especially bright, sharp, thick and insecure, especially because it is a debut scenario. and a rather depressing plot. First, the picture looks and looks very good. Sidney Lumet has consistently used interesting cinematography and lighting throughout his career: naturalistic and at the same time stylish. The film boasts a stylish, classic air with wonderful natural lighting that just looks great. Editing is top-notch; combining the aspect of a bright drama thriller for a very long time, which actually takes time to show the image accordingly. And the vibrant, dynamic camera angles and movements complement the style even further. The film is also supported by Carter Burwell's fantastic musical result. <br /> <br /> The scenario plays its part and of course Lumet plays its part, but the dramatic center of the movie has three masterful actors who offer incredibly good results. First, there are two leaders. Under the leadership of the parcel, Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been a great actor, has stumbled upon the new Capote at the Capote after his unnaturally fantastic Oscar. His amount in this movie is exciting: seriously flawed, broken, manic. In the film, Hoffman has really intense scenes that really make it possible to get out of his full dramatic rage and not only with his fineness and spirit. On his side is Ethan Hawke, who has given fantastic performances in many films that are almost always overshadowed by larger, larger actors. Here he bounces out of Hoffman and adds him so incredibly well; together, the dynamic action between the two is so fantastic and convincing, the audience loses their characters very quickly and forgets that he is watching the actors. And then it's Albert Finney. Such a supple, abundant supportive role as he needs a veteran professional, and here Finney offers his best achievements over many years as a tragically obsessed father to two brothers who fell victim to the crime. I love how their three dynamics play. I love how Hoffman is a clearly dominant brother and disgracefully chooses his younger brother, even if they are middle-aged men; and yet it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Are there two supporting female characters on the cast theme? brothers women? In addition, Amy Ryan and Marisa Tome have a fantastic performance that looks better and better over the years. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes and this style have already been explored by The Coen Brothers and are very easy to imagine in directing this film. But for a movie that is familiar to a familiar surface, it just looks out. Lumet uses her tremendous leadership talent and uses her unique and very sophisticated irony and style feeling for Masterson's superbly living, intense and diseased first-time scenarios. Lead performances are incredibly intense and the film has a completely fantastic move, Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the greatest miracle of the movie is that three years after he won the Oscar for Lifetime Achievement as a sign of retirement in the film industry, Sidney Lumet proves that he still has a tremendous talent to offer a truly wonderful, resonant intense movie that recalls his golden years.
