Sydney Lumet has not had a 20-year-old ticket office, but 83's have managed to push a tight, well-cast, stopping thriller placed in his old temple in New York. (How he got insurance, not to mention the budget after all those flop, is also a mystery). The story is pretty grim, and the characters aren't very nice, but it kept me on the edge of the spot until the final scene. for older parents. The only victim is an insurance company. Robbery goes awry and two people die. Most of the film is related to the after-effects. The activity is non-linear and viewed from different perspectives of the main owner, but is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to work out is the story back? How did the brothers get into this mess? Are there clues? a younger brother who is a child of a family, is a favorite of his fathers, while an older brother seems to have a lot of luggage with his father, and vice versa, but it bothered him to become a heroin murderer <br /> <br /> Like a leading older brother is dominated by silly Philip Seymour Hoffman, but is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his tempted, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney, as their father, seems to be in constant anger, but then the script requires it. Marisa Tomei's cheating wife as a parent brother at the age of 42 puts the sexiest productions I've seen during the year. The film literally begins with a bang, but we are quite quick from this comfort zone. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origin of this story for the first time with the scriptwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that, like Lumet's big 70's "Dog's Day Afternoon", is it based on fact? it's too silly to be wrong. Lumet is almost the last of these enormously versatile studio specialists of old ages who were able to steer almost everything in front of them with tremendous speed. In this way, some great films were produced, as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic class? it is a well-designed piece for entertainment. Probably you will feel that you are not happy that you are not a family member, as it is, but still wondering how they did this. We know that the parents were happy, but we see so little mother and we hear so little about it that it is impossible to get in touch with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems superfluous). Well, like Tolstoy, we have to conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way".
