What an extraordinary crime thriller !! My wife and I saw it at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was by far the best film in an exceptionally strong festival. It's my second favorite movie ever since DR. STRANGELOVE and I was definitely emotionally high when I went home and discussed the film with my husband. <br /> <br /> I don't want to ruin the plot because the thrillers of this caliber are best without imagination. In conclusion, to feel comfortable sharing, the two brothers playing Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are planning to grab a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film bounces from time to time in about two weeks (before, during and after robbery) and one key image is repeated at least three times. Usually it can disturb the momentum of the film, but it will never happen during this masterpiece. The excitement, tension and even the quality of the actors seemed to be better as the movie progressed. In the end, I was looking forward to seeing it all surrounded my seat. I know I've used some clichés in this post, but I was literally at my place. I should mention that the nonlinear storyline is quite easy to follow. This is not a movie where you listen to audience members by asking your friend to explain a movie during the movie. <br /> <br /> The actor is absolutely brilliant and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the film if the casting was not so perfect. The small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but this is a small violence that I just forget. Hoffman was his best and some of his scenes with Hawk were positive. Marisa Tomei (like Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Hoffman & Hawke's father) are also very important in supporting roles. Even some camouflage messages were so impressive that I still remember all of Brian O'Byrne's and Michael Shannon's remarks, gestures and facial expressions? absolute perfection. At the scene of the robbery, it seemed more authentic than any other cinematic scene I ever watched, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially Hoffman. Music helped to create tension throughout the film, often with the same notes that were played very effectively. I had music playing the next day, even when I was sitting through other movies. In addition to my small complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one plot twist that seemed a little unbelievable (a big spoiler so I can't describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty perfect. <br /> <br /> There were about ten good films at the festival, which I would look at the second time, but BEFORE THE DEVILS HOW YOU ARE STANDING YOURSELF. Side by side, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke to the stage. Tomei didn't talk and he was a bit shy, so Lumet asked, "Do you believe someone so beautiful can be so camera-shy?" This comment is quite ironic given the graphic opening scene!
