Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) are tired of competing for a bigger one and who is more fond of his father (Albert Finney) so they hatch a hairy scheme to rob Mom and Dad to keep their debts delete and start again. There is a big plan, except that it is a 1970s-style melodram that has gone wrong and a boy, whether things are really wrong for our unhappy duo and all the people involved. The classic scriptwriter Kelly Masterson and the classic director Sidney Lumet, "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead", uses the concept of McGuffin in the deep deep heart of family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Snow is not dead. At the age of 83, he's probably made a deal with Devil to make the last big movie. In the 1970s Lumet was in her music with films like "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite films "Network". He has somehow managed to make a film that carries all the features of his classics, while interweaving some of the more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POVs) into fracturing, lively, lean, medium, and provocative melodrama. . One can only hope that some of the modern prizes (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) who appeared in Lumet during the same decade were at the top of their game, that it will be a lot of chutzpah when they reach the age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master who drives people through a walk to create tension and develop characters. Because molded mills are finely dispersed through Manhattan's offices and apartments, they create a delicate anxiety for their slow-moving camera because we never know who might be at the next corner or what that person can do in the next room. It is also amazing how Lumet uses multiple POV and shifting time frames. The cohesive and classic presentation he uses will make similarly structured films an amateur hour similar to Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu. <br /> <br /> Of course, Lumet is the best performing band. acting in their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and will probably never be better than he is here. Albert Finney silently admires the imagination of a father who has betrayed his masterpiece at the end of his rope. Ethan Hawke, who is usually an insecure real boy, is the perfect emotionally exhausted younger brother who has skated his charms and looks for too long. But the resurrection prize is a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tome, her terrible trophy woman. Lumet runs them through an emotion game that culminates in a scene that is the best of its kind, because William Holden attacked Beatrice Straight as the best supportive actor in the Oscars Network. <br /> <br /> The hell of every big movie is in the details, Albert Finney from his car trunk tap, which doesn't close due to the fender bender to watch Amy Ryan (fresh off his amazing gear) "Gone Baby Gone") to his wife, Ethan Hawk, their little girls promise that all three of them know that she does not keep the systematic devastation of the family slipping into a dialogue where the emerging cultures cite it (my favorite line is amusingly threatening "Do you mean when I become you Chico to call? ”) the excellent Carter Burwell score. "Before the devil knows you're dead" is the film of the year. If at best, we know that some other transactions have to be mediated by Old Scratch.
