French film directors continue to amaze their extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of everyday, suburban life. This was easily manifested by the release of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), which had brilliantly described the white collar worker after the melancholy of the beginning of 2002. Like the frenzy of French filmmakers, many scenes were shot in real streets and public places, giving a story to the blood of the cinema, but the L'Emploi du temple also had an elegant look thanks to the excellent camera work and some stunning locations. (especially the Swiss mountain area). Another impressive French production at the concert of this masterful film is the impressive Captain Jacques Audiard, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). In fact, it is the offender's service to mark the film, because it is so much more. As in the case of the earlier French liberation, it is an extreme study of extremist people who use their intelligence to advance in the society that has turned to their back. Carla, a Parisian construction company, is sitting at her desk in a shy, tiny young woman placed in an office area that is the main road to xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Uncomfortable colleagues use the front side of Carla's table to chat and leave their half-hearted styles bottles of coffee. Partly deaf, Carla turns her hearing aids on and off when the noise becomes cumbersome, whether it be a drone of paper copy machine or a nervous cry of a friend's child. If her boss calls her to the office to recommend that she hire a secretary assistant to help her workload, Carla fears she might lose her job. In the work office, Carla lists the technical specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably a man) as if she were in the office. He should be 25 years old and clean, with great computer and presentation skills. When the agency sends a surprising, threatening young man, Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and lunch in the local dining room, where Carla interviews her future assistant. When she discovers she's just got out of prison, Carla doesn't want to do anything with Paul first, but she has a change of heart and she hires her. Although she is kind to her assistant, Carla now finds her position of power and has an updated feeling. Paul learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place where she lives and even covers her when her password officer appears one day in the office, wondering why Paul gave up her appointment. During her lunch, Carla Paulo informs her about her hearing loss and shows her ability to read her lips. Later, when a meaningful colleague obviously takes over the project, Carla has been engaged, furious Carla asks Paul for help in finding a man for revenge. So far, Sur Mes has become a more intense criminal drama that grows into the most violent graphical scenes shown on the screen in recent years. The scenario lends Hitchcock elements, especially the REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lips reading talent plays perfectly with binoculars. There is a temptation between the two main characters, again a sexual attraction that culminates with a rather strange tribute to NORTH NORTHWEST, but it works due to the slow sexual warming between the two stars. That being said, what is absent from this movie is not so much the similarity to the classic Hitchcock thrillers, although these elements are certainly present, but the wide-ranging view of today's city, where life lasts from day to day, to a cozy, tough nightlife where sex , drugs and money laundering come into the lives of several stars. Unlike Hollywood's production, this is a psychological interlayer where people look like a daily man and woman on the street, where the face or groin sounds like a sick fog and where the office is where they are afraid. This is Hitchcock and gloves.
