"The Blob" qualifies as a cult-fi-film not only because it launched a 27-year-old Steve McQueen to a superstardom, but also because he used popular subjects of alien invasion and teenage crime that were inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, in the Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson scenario, no one ever refers to an amorphous, redhead-protoplasm that fell on the Earth in the meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on Friday night as "The Blob". Steve McQueen won Josh Randall, the old western hunter's "Wanted: Dead or Alive" after Dick Powell saw release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girlfriend Aneta Corsau spotted Andy Griffith's "The Andy Griffith Show" as Sheriff Taylor's school teacher friend Helen Crump. Of course, McQueen and Corsaut were not teenagers, but rarely did real teens have real teens. Jr. director Irvin S. Yeaworth made his debut with "The Blob". Linaker & Simonson scenario synthesis of four genres: first, alien invasion; secondly, teenage crime; thirdly, the mystery of murder and the fourth; spooky cooler. Moreover, although the gelatinous substance takes different shapes, it remains mostly anonymous. In other words, Jell-O does not call telepathy or speak. Instead, he kills without being harsh and discriminates against someone. The "blob" tone is relatively serious, despite its somewhat combative nature. <br /> <br /> As filmmakers point to the DVD "The Blob", the film is featured in sci. fi Spooky thriller with our hero and heroine village in a rural area where you can kiss and kiss. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see that a big meteor falls on the ground and travels to find it. Meanwhile, the old man finds a meteor and prepares it. Meteor cracks open and a silver cluster grabs the sticky clip. When the old timer (Olin Howland, "The Paleface") looks at it, the paw itself confirms the hand. The old man runs out of the quarry and Steve strikes him with his foot. Steve and Jane take the boy and bring him to see dr. In Hallenit. <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring an old boy to his office. Hallen calls her sister to return, because she may need amputation. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like the man's arm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes find themselves in another group of teenagers who are laughing at Steve's rush. Steve fools him into a reverse race, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) lets him out of the hook. Steve and teenagers visit the meteor crater area and find the warm remains of the meteor. After visiting the grandmother's house and rescuing the dog, the teenagers shared a horrible late-night movie when Steve and Jane returned to Dr. Hallen's office. In the meantime, the blob completely absorbed an old geezer, killed Hallen's sister and attacked the doctor. Neither does the acid thrown into the protoplasm or the Halle shotgun goggles. Steve is trying to look at a glimpse of Swallow. When Steve and Jane report to the police department about the incident, Dave is honestly incredible, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes it is a prank. Bert has a teenager to grind the ax because her wife died when she hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but don't find anyone hiding or flocking, but Dave admits the office has been broken. Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave turns teenagers to their parents. Earlier, Steve and Jane have been disappointed by their peoples to believe they sleep in bed when they come out again. They drive to the city and see an old man's dog away from the supermarket. When they go back, Steve will step into the food store's electrical door and open. They find that nobody is inside, but they are hit by a blow. Steve and Jane hide in the freezer and the blob does not attack them. Later, after their escape, Steve persuades the teenagers who competed in the street to warn the authorities, because he should be in bed at home. The police commander Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the shop. About this time, the blob kills the theater designer and attacks the movers. Suddenly a person leaves the theater and Dave believes that Steve. Steve and Jane arrive at a lunch break that is hit by shocks. The owner and the heroes in the basement and Steve discover that the fire extinguisher, with its freezing content, forces the paw back. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect all fire extinguishers in the city and can freeze the freezer. . The Pentagon sends the crew to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the remnants of the camps remain in the polar ice pack, the final credit appears with a strange giant questionnaire. Producer James B. Harris received a spare-military film Globe Captain's Military Aircraft, which launched the parachute and its merchandise. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" turned out to be a ride and Steve McQueen's steep thrust gave it a boost. If you are not a minor, this little horror film is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his screenwriters create enough paranoia and compassion for our heroes. They never show the actual assimilation of their victims and leave it to their imagination, so "The Blob" is not without nuance.
