I've been watching it for several years ago on the lost Sicilian TV channel; Amazingly, movie Criterion rose to expensive DVD pricing: not sure what I was doing at first (despite the fact that over the years the cult status has been achieved, even though the achievement achieved by the genre banners is clearly modest). not to buy? as I did with a similar and unknown to me FIEND without FACE (1958). Recently, I managed to acquire a BLOB through a copy of Spanish DVDs, which interestingly wore over two "Special Edition" criteria for the audio commentary? But unfortunately I couldn't turn off Spanish subtitles for the main function playback! Anyway, watching the movie again, I was surprised how much I enjoyed it (despite the many narrative mistakes I get later)? a pure example of "B-film" scripting (atypically pleasant color) and a time capsule that illustrates the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male leader was the early role of Steve (n) McQueen, and although the actor may later look at it with contempt, his only contribution to the genre has proven to be quite interesting: not reluctance to beat the juvenile, but still essentially decent (and more importantly, altruistic child: the special effects of a narrow and expanding creature are not too bad for this species and period, the film itself rises to a good peak, starting with the intrusion of a monster into the cinema (showing HORRORI DAUGHTER [1953/7], as I mentioned recently in this film review, but curiously "Reflected" in the review and what sequence would be when opening a random Italian program, actually called "Blob"!) As for the small stories that accompany the film, the monster is not shown on the trip - it just appears in different places nobody ever sees! in case of child scratches, unnecessary pressure (equivalent to padding); is it silly for a city doctor to shoot a blob? as if the liquid could be destroyed by the balls, regardless of its part; it is equally pointless for teenagers to warn the townspeople of the threat of door-to-door (especially considering that at this stage only McQueen actually saw a monster in action)! In 1972, there was a worse sequel, BEWARE THE BLOB! the original original version was made in 1988? I did not look at it too long ago, but it does not seem to me to be a lasting impression (although I know Micheal Elliott loves it). In the name of the record, I follow this view with two more collaboration between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
