Movies such as Chocolat, Beau Travail, and others have brought French director Claire Denise to the forefront of the world's most unique and accomplished filmmakers, and her 2004 film "Intruder" adds the depth of her portfolio. A cinema poem that expresses the mood of persistent loneliness and loss gives the film a glimpse of the physical and mental degradation of the psyche who travels to various parts of the world, seeking redemption and peace, but finds it difficult to come. Of course, such an unbelievable opacity film is based on Jean-Luc Nancy's heart transplant, The Intruder, that even after two views is difficult to describe under subjective, impressionist conditions. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is his seventies men who are likely to die from heart disease and who, like Ingmar Bergman's professor of wild strawberries, are trying to make mistakes in their lives. It is clear that he is physically tough and very prosperous, but it seems emotionally dry and his face is a quiet resignation. Although we see only one episode of violence where he can be killed off the bed in the middle of the intruder, he is in the sense of evil. He may be a intelligence officer, an external agent or a hit man. In any case, he is probably under some kind of supervision and acts like a man who has been involved in crimes and is only now able to see the consequences. Taking a close-up of the whole film creates a strong isolation. She lives with her dogs in a cab in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and has a stranger son Sidney (Gregoire Collin) whom she has forgotten for a long time. Sidney lives near her wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a narrative scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him crazy, but it doesn't prevent him from taking money. <br /> <br /> When we open the movie, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who puts the truck out with a trained dog to smell some smuggling. When he arrives home, he is greeted by a husband who asks him for a language-in-cheek when he is "declaring something?" In addition to these three people, the remaining people and circumstances that can be seen during the film can only exist in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life, and we meet them all in the first half of the film: a pharmacist (Bambou), who prepares medicines, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle), a dog adviser who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes away on a trip that tells him that they are as crazy as it is, and the young Russian organ seller (Katia Golubeva) to whom she says she wants a "young man's heart". <br /> <br /> He involuntarily steals the whole movie, but it's probably only in his mind. In the final part of the movie, Louis moves to South Korea to look for a heart transplant and Tahiti to give a gift to another son whom he has never seen or has never seen for years. However, his heart transplant appears to be a metaphor of a heartless man, a man whose life has been fascinating but ultimately undirected, with little real empathy in the lives of others. The intruder includes Stuart Staples' dance guitar music from the Tindersticks band, reminiscent of the dead guitarist Jim Jarmuschi, and the proud cinematography that Denis regularly organized with Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable pictures that convey the mood of longing and regret: the heart beats alone on the snow, the baby who watches his father for two minutes, and the expression of the child gradually became half smile, fresh colors that blow a newly-baptized ship, a mysterious Korean masseur in a dark room and an enormous ocean expansion on a ship deck. Though the intruder may be depressing due to his elliptical nature, Denis forces us out of our experience to understand the on-screen images on a very personal level. If there is any topic, you may find a hint in the opening that tells us what is exposed in the movie - "your worst enemies hide in your heart."
