I accept it at our local festival, where people so often see me that I think I have a better source than I actually have, started shaking head: "Well, I can't put the plot together, but it's really extremely A scary man's excellent character study. "Then I ran a little embarrassed when I got into someone who really knew what had fallen, ie from whom Trebor inadvertently gets his new heart. It was my last film for a long, long day at half a festival. Maybe I would have taken it. The better this film is, the more likely it is the dreams that really dream of me. Do not know. Did you know that O'Henry just twisted achingly at my Ken when things ended. And knew it was related to the heart, so quietly having fun searching for talents. On the note of the disappearance of my plot, I was more concerned with the complexity of Trebon's connections in France, his relationship with the dog and so on, the things that I was awake. Denis hardly bothered with details that could have anchored another director's treatment. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often in memory, especially in festival movies, movies that I don't have on DVD (Le Lait de la tendresse humor is one of many examples.) and the kinks of the plot are spreading much faster than wider ones impressions. Still, L'Inrus is still far from my memory on the basis of a study that is otherwise characteristic, which is a certain dark superman, a superfend that does not belong to genre or historical traps, but is active and credible, relatively soft, spoken, but patient, among us . When that is done, it makes the grace, but visually, I mean, there is a hybrid in the picture of a Frankenstein monster, a crazy doctor and a creation in one. Real doctors are his tools. If it does not separate or install itself, it is only because it is not possible. He is always a parasite that consumes everyone he touches, and ultimately himself. What else is he? To assume that he is our first world and third, it seems too easy, because he doesn't support less than his fellow First Worlers, all of us. <br /> <br /> Denise's camera eye - when she looks at things I know - usually goes where I would be, so I trust her when she looks at things I don't know. Snow trekking, too fast cycling, and forest darkness I am known in small ways, but the South Sea is not at all, so I entered better into L'Intrus, both France and its crystal islands than Beau Travail. L'Intrus is a very uncomfortable film for me. It is a sequence of familiar places, the closeness of which allows us to know whether we have seen reality or not. One picture, Trebor cycling, his big weight on a thin racing frame, the brightness of the damaged air, and the burning tires, the asphalt tape, the dark sunsets, let me know that the film would be linear, a road trip, a single controlled thrust. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. No matter who he is, he is alone, though apparently he has not always been. His body interrupts life twice, first needs a new heart, then despite it. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is a hub. <br /> <br /> I'm navigating dangerously what I remember. Let's go with it.
