The 1989 Pedicab Driver by Sammo Hung is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to agree to some extent that the film in its biggest parts really is as incredible and fantastic as any Hong Kong film has ever been. This is a combination of pretty good and well-written dramas, interesting and sympathetic (and also non-sympathetic) characters, some really funny humor and a truly universal hyperchrome that guarantees the fall of many jaws if no one is familiar with the Hong Kong cinema as well as a unique industry for experienced enthusiasts. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung are playing two pedicab drivers living in the middle of Hong Kong. last century I think. They run their booths and are also desperate for love. The stepmother is interested in the local baker Ping (Nina Li Chi) and Max will one day meet with the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying with whom she falls in love. Many other characters are also in use and they will always be quite clear when the viewer really focuses on the film and its plot, so I can't say the film is confusing because it can be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! Soon we will learn that a ruthless gangster character is terrorizing the neighborhood and, of course, their violent acts are also influenced by our protagonists, which has created some of the most incredibly choreographic kung fu sequences. In addition to some beautiful drama. All leaders are very good and restrained (for example, not so painfully overwhelmingly overwhelming and "humor" like Sammo's otherwise great Condor in the East (1987)), but also thanks to a carefully written scenario, it is quite pleasant and easy to identify. There are many familiar HK cinema faces and directors in small roles, such as Corey Yuen Kwai (legendary executive director and director of films such as Soul 1 and 2 Savior, Ninja Dragon and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2). Master Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (John Woo The Killer and Ringo Lam Fire and Fire School among many, accompanied by Pedicab Driver!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (with whom Samma is furiously fighting with sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting ( dark HK noir classic director since 1988), Late Large Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly face in various HK vampire horrors / kung fu / comedies) named just a few. In fact, the Pedicab driver is one of the most interesting things I've seen in some other HK production. <br /> <br /> The film has interesting moments of peace, most of the love between Max Mok and Fennie. Yuen and one crisis are due to the nature of Lowell Lo. They could have done this very seriously if they wanted to have discussions about the meaning of human values ​​and love, no matter what your past or what you have done to live, so in the middle part so seriously and truly effective that the film becomes more remarkable than our average kung fu spectator. Also, the efforts of other characters to cure things are very touching and happily talk about the right relationships and friendship and, of course, love. I still think that Fennie says to Max (about the future of "bad cooking") is very unnecessary and unfortunately illuminates the potential of the whole segment and its topics quite effectively. <br /> <br /> But then we get what the filmmakers were most interested in. What an action, outrageous and surprising action. Fighting scenes include traditional kung fu, some sticks, meat cutters and the like and are used here as hysterically as the most mind blowing kung fu scene I've seen in any movie ever, Jackie Chani drunk Master II (1994), they are really so big ! There are wires and they are used very cleverly and people literally travel to the opposite corner of the room when they throw or hit. Just amazing and again something only Hong Kong cinema can offer. Dangerous stunts also make the spectator's breath shut, because the film has one chase of a fast car and pedicab, and a variety of dangerous looks and twisting bodies that fly through the air and crush the hard destination. Still, filmmakers do not accept movie violence, as Sammo, like Bruce Lee late, is ready to give up after the most murderous chaos in a gangster villa, and I think that morality is not important. how obvious or low it is that it is even a harmless film like a cinema because cinema is meant to be much more than just meaningless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also has a very funny bit of humor that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) will understand or at all. The fun Star Wars gag is definitely among them and it made me literally laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Samm's passion for Ping is also caused by some funny scenes. However, the biggest astonishment laughter came during the scenes depicted in the previous paragraph, because the images of big and tall men, who drive on the screen with walls or furniture, are just INSANE and so breathtakingly I can't hide my feelings and thoughts about those oriental filmmakers when I feel something like that, and this is of course not just a positive and appreciative reaction. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most amazing Hong Kong movies I've ever seen in Sammo's greatest achievements. If there were not a few minor flaws, it could even get faster and higher. 8/10
