I can see B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw it at the age of 18, maybe all but one. For sure, Miss K.Novak has lost a silk ring for almost half a century. Young Diana Dors.Everyone who thinks of young people who are now gathering their pensions can briefly restore the heart - clinging, collar tightening, blood pulsating ardor what they felt when they looked back at their eyes the days they were told that they have never been so good. Now, jumping against the cold and terrifying dress, they hit home as quickly as their arthritic knees can consider them to be quite happy from the video store because they know their fourth triple secure comparison. The floor towers apartment, which can only restore a small part of its missing youngsters and perhaps reflect that love is really eternal. This film is the golden moment of Miss Novak. It grasped it enthusiastically and gave great prosperity with a hypnotic awareness of its gender - a complaint and despite its convincing us that its character is strange and disappointing innocence. He dominates the friendly J. Stewart, who seems to have abandoned the transfer of the film. Miss E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer a comic relief with E. Kovacs, whose peculiar talents are strictly forbidden. Mr.Lemmon plays Miss Novak's brother. He is a charm, a species that disappeared as soon as he realized that the mainstream recognized its existence. Some of these heavier strikes appeared a few years later as hippies. Mr Lemmon does not seem to be too concerned about limiting it. But everything else is just frippery, Miss Novak - which has been sworn in a very beautiful spectrum at Technicolor - is the only raison - d'etre of Bell, the book and the candle. Hollywood's most beautiful women. Lovers who are ignored by critics are still playing Miss Novak with the mysterious smile that drives old men to press "Play" buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after all of us have gone, discover a new generation who - with delay - realizes that a woman is perfectly capable of dressing and sexually attractive at the same time.
