"Bell, Book and Candle" by John Van Druten is a wonderful and unexpected fantasy between modern witches living in New York; It was probably an attractive movie property. It was Gillian Holroyd's most important part, her extraordinary book publisher, hero, Shepherd Henderson, and her crazy family and circle, including Shep's embarrassed groom, angry Merle Kittredge, whose options with Shep Gillian begin their magic spell-picking. He even had a Pyewack, a Siamese cat who knew well-timed miaowe, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert who was terribly violent and bad. In short, it seemed to the manufacturer, maybe, also in the box office magic. And so it turned out. So many things were right in its production, but one element was not perfect; but I found that the rest is fun, charming and very consistent with entertainment. First of all, Daniel Taradash's scenario kept the best features of the theater game, but opened his scenes to cover Greenwich Village and other New York scene areas. The technical output was beautiful, with legendary James Wong Howe cinematography, George Duning's fine score, Louis Diage and Jean Louis bathrobes. Attractive pain was Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice's Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon's Gillia's freakish brother, wonderful comediennes Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as a witch and lovely Kim Novak in one of their most touching parts of Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was, in my opinion, an imperfect element; he did well in his comic parts, but he was never convincing as a New York book publisher and a bit too old for Henderson. But director Richard Quine used fine lighting, pace changes, and unusually framed shots to show the wonders of the witch parts of the film, keeping the other parts very light but simple. The plot's main crisis in the film goes over when Gillian Henderson, who doesn't believe in witches at all, actually falls. He just began to alienate him from his fiancé, his arrested college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to step out, he continues to return to him - and realizes that he is under the spell, as he has apologized to explain. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich has been called a spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he does not know anything about magic, but he is quite puzzled and interested in finding out why he has come at all; but Gillian's brother enlightens him. All this romantic satire ends as soon as Gillian proves her love for Henderson, losing her abilities - what happens to witches when they truly love mortals. Of course, he never wanted to resist him. The film has a blatant dialogue, charm and little "magic" in the magic of sorcerers and the torments that Gillian must go through in his battle, and win the man he loves. The beautiful ending of this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes her amazing realism, though fantasy, almost complete in my opinion. Pleasantly pleasing.
