Playing Bell, Book and Candle was the favorite of the mature actors to do in the summer and take the road. One famous story that director Harold J. Kennedy spoke about is Ginger Rogers' claim that his wife, William Marshall, who was not an actor, was dear to him. Marshall wore revenge, and when he walked through the doorway, he caught the toes of his toes and stood behind him hanging by the door while walking on the stage. <br /> <br /> The game was adapted to the beautiful color of starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice. It's a light entertainment, about the normal-looking witch family (Novak, Lemmon, and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is the cursed, soft voice of Gillian, who would love to be normal. One night, with Stewart, he puts his spouse, Pyewack, in his apartment and falls in love with him. "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed in a charming set that repeats New York. The movie is fun. Jack Lemmon has a very funny supporting role, such as Gillian's brother, musician of sorcerers and Latin zodiac club. She uses her powers to turn on and off street lighting and turn on a random woman. The Janice rule is perfect as a former Gillian college rival who is now acquainted with Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great time as an eccentric who writes the final book of witches. Of course, Lanchester and Gingold are always wonderful, the aunt of Lanchester Gillian's aunt and Gingold as the queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak fits well with Gillian, giving a character that fits with a witch by showing emotions when it fits, and with that voice, a fabulous face and a wonderful wardrobe, she's definitely magical. Stewart, with his recent romantic leadership, sounds like Novak, as he did in Vertigo, and they do an efficient team. It supplies heat, it supplies coolness and somehow sparks. In this, of course, he is much more elegant than "Vertigo". A captivating film, good on Sunday afternoon, good at Christmas (as part of it during Christianity) and good when you feel smiling.
