From time to time, you arrive at a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human hours that leaves you empty. Vivah is that? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Satan and Lamhey, I thought Bollywood had come to the top and never got something like that - EVER. The boy was wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to choose this movie with a new "DON" (so I can compare with AB ShahRukh, although the decision has already been made in my opinion). After discussing whether I should waste almost three hours on a useless movie, I decided to see how I realized I had nothing else to do. When I saw a U rating instead of Ai, I was happy that at least this is something I don't have to look at with little clad women who have poor skills but do nothing but dance with every chance they get and do for everyone a man who shows that they have more skills in bed than a Hollywood actress. In the first 5 minutes, I was thinking again of a meaningless story of bad behavior. After all, everyone who saw Shahid Kapori knows that he has never achieved his fame as an actor. Boy? I was wrong about this movie. This movie hit my interest after the first 5 minutes and never let it go. It was a great film that had a good story of the lost traditions of our society. Not only did I like the director being brave enough to make a film where the younger generation might not be concerned with the concept of (organized marriage), but also that he did it with conviction (that is the right thing). I have no idea why some people think it wasn't good. I felt it was great and although the music score might not be considered the best, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music grows with people in the time he looked at me the second time after that movie. Another good thing is that your songs are not pushed into the script, as we've all seen in so many movies. These songs actually tell a lot of the story and are definitely welcome. Just like Ajay Devgan went to the big actor (after Company) and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Beautiful"; this movie helps Shahid Kappor to jump to better actors and entertainers in Bollywood. This is her first film I like and her role. He worked well and adapted himself to a pleasant, beautiful, rich child. Yes, you can't find him playing basketball and appreciates every point on the dunk as you saw ShahRuk in DDLJ (although he has shown he is India in India? So plausible as a man who owns his own values. Amrita Rao first remembered someone remembers In all the other films, he competed with the big faces that really prevented him, no one knew how good the actor is, until they watch this movie, some of the scenes in which he has to look in particular are indeed his knowledge and depth of action. I've been in the movie, it's the most memorable in it. I think this movie will do and should do a miracle. Move over to Rani? Finally there is another girl who gives a decent opportunity to work with good directors to repel you. She is beautiful and Oh, with almost 0% body fat, it's not a pity (yes people I'm trying to find you even get 0.1% fat and unlike p from others, such as Sonal, he can actually act). I thought I'd never fall in love with someone after Madhur and early Cayol, but he changed it completely. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together, and their relationship was set up by their characters and both did a great job (although I was expecting Shah to become a Salman-like girl, every time she spoke about "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, he left me so emotionally dry that I decided to watch this movie again (immediately). Yes right now. I've never done it. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie had something to understand again and again. I will probably watch this movie for the third time over the weekend so I can watch and revive the traditions we all grew up with. I miss those times when families were sitting and having fun. When parents had time for their children and where the children respected the faith of their parents. I know that many people think the film is not real life, but deeply, do we not want it to happen. Families, your tradition, love and respect. This is what this film reminds us of. I can assure you that this is a very well done movie you enjoy. I'm sure some young people don't like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you're one of them.
