Totally brilliant movie! Captain animation captain Jiri Trnka faces totalitarianism in his final film. The Communist Czechoslovak government would forbid the ban during this time, despite the country's highest animation award. <br /> <br /> In this dark and fun short film, the artist tries to create a new pot as his favorite. plant. He happily makes his creations dreaming that the plant will grow into a beautiful rose. Suddenly, he is knocking on the door, and this is an enormous all-powerful hand that tries to force the artist to shape his likeness. The artist tends to work as well as possible, but in the end it becomes constant, which the hand is constantly trying to force him to make. She becomes brainwashed; an intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand confirms the string to the artist, puts it in a cage and uses it to make hand shapes. Respecting the artist's work and giving medals and prizes all the time. <br /> <br /> An artist's inner desire to express freely is what helps him to control his indoctrination and allows him to escape from his prison, whether it is literally or in his sense, and returns to his home, where he must now live permanently terrible almighty arm wrestling. He closes himself, thinking he is out of the reach of an almighty hand, but in the process he puts the plant and the pot high, hoping that it is out of the reach of his hand and it falls on his head, killing him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All due to constant fear he had to live when he shut his hand. When dead, the artist paints a great national hero for the artist. Unfortunately, the artist is not reminded of the circumstances or reasons that are reminded. <br /> <br /> Trnka's condemnation of a totalitarian society and the lack of their free freedom of speech are dark, fucking and amazingly animated. No wonder the government has forbidden it because it is a media that people admire and perhaps even listen to. This was clearly unacceptable. An amazing example of the artists' civilianism and its impact. And nowadays it is quite relevant in many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. 10 must see 10 and be sure! Talk about getting out!
