In the beginning, this film did not like the reason why he was a Nazi swastika drama. But after that and buying it it wasn't so bad. I heard so many complaints that the numbers are short and Ilse Werner did not sing. Now I understand. The radio was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara and Rudy Shruki and band like Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera have never appeared on radio programs because singers and bands were pop-jazz and swing categories. The club had ruled that soldiers traveled to occupied territories for short-term radio soldiers, also for nightclubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and only registered sales. That's why Ilse did not allow to sing in this picture. It would be composed of medium-budget music that made music in 1942, where he demonstrated his whistling. But this is a great example of propaganda. Aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge must wait until her aunt gets back with the tickets. He will meet Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with her and it is love at first sight. they intend to marry, but the Spanish war is on its way to the right side of the task. Carl Raddatz, because so many people complained about him, was really beautiful and not ordinary. When he made Opfergang and put him on a mustache plus his tanning, which made him ordinary. and they start to make lunch until their leader wants to save the pigs. This reflects the extremism of Adol's animal rights. This character was now a soldier. It was fine to eat meat. Late in World War 11, Herbert drives a German plane. We'll let one pilot take over so that Herbert takes over. We're shooting his plane. They break up. Unfortunately they survived. . The church is a bomb that a soldier continues and plays an organ to which he has said to leave. We finally injured him. Propaganda Message? The organ of the Catholic Church makes him dependent on it. She hurt her. Look? By this time, Inge, along with her mother or grandmother, has played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German Grandame actor who played Maria Holst's aunt at Weiner Blut. It was not meant to be a musical revolution, such as the Kora Terry, published in the same year, as well as Rosen in Tirol, both on the side of music and their war that was only modest. It was mainly a war romantic film. It is easy to take a pot shot by these soldier in the movie, but in real life many of these soldiers were forced to fight for the Nazi cause, cause of work and monthly wages that they can get. After the war, many of them regret surviving. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have Neo-Nazi and Nazi skinheads who watched the same films to reflect on their Hitler worship and their. They have disruptive websites that use these classics to raise money for their insanity. Exercise caution, because it is a direct hatred to the classic only. If their scenario looks like they respect it, this Nazi website will skip it. Go to IHF or German war movies on dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video point network. They are justified. 01/23/10 Mada's mistake wasn't a friend of Herbert in the church. It was Schartzscop, a friend of Malte Yager's character.
