I should first admit that I am a big fan of Dandy Warhol, and that is why I watch this movie. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of this movie compared to other modern rockumentaries is that it is not only about the history of a one-page band (like "I've been trying to break my heart," about Wilco), but rather includes the band's history for a long time. In this film, director / producer Ondi Timoner closely followed friends / rivals Brian Jonestown's massacre (BJM) and Dandy Warhoole (DW) for more than 8 years (1995 - 2003) and shooting huge 1500 hours of raw video, cutting 1:45 hours (upcoming DVD) The publication contains much more material than the original film. The result is amazing - no fillers - the film is 100% pure and real archive material that gives you the feeling of movie advancement, that you live with bands through all these years. <br /> <br /> Both bands at the beginning of his career promised to "make a revolution" in making music and not sell his soul to the "plate industry" devil. But their way quickly left - Dandy Warhols signed a contract with Capitol Records and became quite popular (especially in Europe) after only one album, while Brian Jonestown's massacre (with his destruction leader Anton Newcombe) was forgotten (at least how it was filmed) depicted). And the film is followed by the descent of Brian Jonestown's massacre, which contrasts with the rise of Dandy Warhools. <br /> <br /> First of all, I was delighted with the film and its approach to telling Anton Newcombe's story (for example, Courtney Taylor - Dandy Warhool leader - tells), but after some thought I realized that there was something wrong with this film. First, Anton treats Newcombe as a missing person. The project began in 1995 as a documentary on many promising emerging groups where Anton Newcombe and Ondi Timoner were equal partners (this was the reason why Ondi Timoner had access to both bands in all these years). This was Anton Newcombe, who brought the project to Dandy Warholid. Finally, he was completely ignored as if he had been kicked out of the project. Everyone is talking about BJM, but he's not participating in the debate. I don't think she was informed even when the group started the final editing process. The story is always on both sides, and here we have only one ... Of course, as expected, Anton does not endorse the end result and sees this movie as betrayal of his former friends. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the film is biased by Dandy Warhol. Of course, the winner takes all this, but the fact that Courtney Taylor (leader of DW) tells (although it seems a good choice - it seems much more closely involved) and that the ensemble's late history is represented disproportionately (BJM up to 1997 and DW - up to 2003) the objectivity of the film. Third, the film is (somewhat) low. What does he want to teach us? As one critic said, "... the film examines old issues: where does the genius fit into the commodified world? Can it evolve and get it right, or does it have to destroy itself to preserve its integrity?" No, these questions will NOT come! It is simply a story of a brilliant but unsuccessful musician, who is narrated by a less brilliant but successful musician who promises self-confidence and eternal coolness that is higher than the mountain. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie was fun - it's raw, it's fresh, it's stylish, it's just divine interesting, at least for DW or BJM fans. For the rest of the crowd - I don't know ...
