Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, they are both leaders of their respective ensembles; Anton with Brian Jonestown massacre and Courtney with Dandy Warholes. What is it for their friendship that they are rivals; his love hates the relationship. Sometimes you hear them both praising each other, but the next second they complain when they are stupid and themselves. Although Dandy Warhools were commercially successful, the BJM was still in the underground scene; and good reason why. <br /> <br /> Dig! is more for Anton and BJM because they have much more content. They are the most insecure bands. During the concerts, they fight each other. Anton hits other members when he feels they are not working properly. What drugs consume alcohol, the fight was always waiting. You know how people drive to car rides to see if there is a big car accident; that is why people would go to their concerts, fight. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of music as a messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of the ground. He is a very talented musician, its amazing how many resources he can play and skills. But his return is when he cannot escape the world he created; a fruitful musician who is stuck in black holes in drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warholid had his troubles. They did not find much success on their first album and consistently fought with their record label. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney sucks back into Anton's world. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney both had what they needed. Courtney always wanted to be gifted musically because Anton, though not saying it, needed a revolution to make Dandy a success. these two strips are many. Dig! -It's never a boring moment. It is constantly moving because it does not have time to slow down because it is a lot to say, a seven-year story that speaks 1h 45mins is hard work. Ondi Timoner has done an excellent job of bringing together one of the best music documentaries that will always make you want more. Even if you don't like bands, it's still worth watching; it transcends music to reveal a successful big story of failure. <br /> <br /> You don't have to be disappointed.
