A great documentary, with a seemingly twin friendship of two West Coast retro rock'n'roll ensembles, followed by a massacre of The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown. What is in fact is the portrait of Anton Antonius, the limitist chiropractor, and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, there is hardly any music in the music documentary. What is - The interruption of the songs, which the performers no longer interrupted, is more random than central. While the protagonists are musicians, they are not talking about the music, but rather the British motif, which is a cartoon lifestyle, ie where no one has to take responsibility for the behavior of corrupted adolescents on a full-time basis. Tantrums, drugs, violence, extremely insecure attitudes, egomania on a genuinely epic scale - all this has been expropriated or positively encouraged because it corresponds to some of the collectively thought of rock'n'roll. This is a first-rate documentary film, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? Someone who is both wild and outrageous (and he is wild and outrageous) does not seem to have his music advanced beyond his most obvious derivatives of his 60s idols (Stones, Velvets, etc.). has never worked hard to learn any of them after playing at the most basic level. Similarly, Dandy Warhol's burning ambition is based on a rock'n'roll vision that is amazingly fossil in 1969. Of course, there is nothing wrong with pastels, but it is definitely more like a comic in the late 1960s. . Why don't they take any risk with their music - just as their role models did? Because one suspect, it's not music. Music is simply an accessory, presentation or excuse that brings about a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhol, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be famous. Great thing. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. He is clearly very talented, but every time he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, it is usually sabotaged in the most dramatic way. He's scared of success and at the same time deeply harasses someone else who has it - especially his former friends Dandy Warholes. An exciting movie. Highly recommended.
