Documentary film on two stone strips that stretch for several years. Brian Jonestown's Massacre and Dandy Warholes. Special is the investigation of the complexity of the contrasting personalities and the iron of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main man in Brian Jonestown's massacre, is widely known as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and competitor Dandy Warhools, but also by record producers and most people who have worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his band members can't integrate into the real world. Newcombe chooses to fight with band members on stage or with audience members (arrested for one point if literally hits a fan head). Newcombe knows no borders? he plays 40-100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM music, is able to play enough songs to complete the album in one day, has a prophetic obsessive attitude towards his musical gene, but is also a heavy drug addict, strikes his artistic integrity into any compromise, commands his own members of the band, as if they were lower forms of life, and can blow transactions as quickly as they do. BJM passes through a large number of record labels in rapid succession? they will sign them as soon as they understand the talents of Newcombe and let them go as soon as they realize that it is completely uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> Warhol recognizes his debt to the creativity of Newcombe and doesn't even let himself fall into the same upgraded sphere? but Warholid has something that BJM doesn't do? can we integrate our talents into common sense, the real world and their market? as a talent mixing pot (even if much of it is distilled from guru Newcombe) and accessibility, they are just the concept of "cool". DiG! follows a career parallel to the two bands. At one point, Newcombe's stunts, created to create the public, will send Warholes visible threats of death and hate messages (in a box containing live ammunition and insults such as a soap bar to clean up their actions)? only he forgets to tell them that it is a stunt, and they become so paranoid that they take a restrictive order against Newcombe. By the time Dandy Warhool pulls out of Europe, like "Every day should be a holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcombe is becoming more and more isolated. BJM is stopped and the band breaks when they are arrested for marijuana possession? At the same time, Warhol gets hit, shot down, and even kept grass when using drugs. <br /> <br /> A wider choice of DiG! the fact is that the lessons of genius and accessibility go beyond two strips or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary, though intimate, and it mostly only turns to dedicated film fans or people who are already interested in one or both of the featured band's music. Newcombe can be a largely unknown genius and a striking glimpse of the film, but for the unintended ear there is little more than the statements of the people interviewed to confirm it. The words of one band member: "In every spiritual tradition you burn in hell, pretending to be God and unable to back it up." Newcombe doesn't pretend? but there are still a number of people who would appreciate him for a lifetime and DiG! is uphill to improve balance for tortured but largely unknown gene.
