I watched this movie with my full Nine family. Since my younger brother has recently married, we can get in touch with it. The film stands out for the couple's romance involved. Luckily, this time, all of India's local locations, such as Ranikhet Almora, etc. have been used, which most townspeople have already visited, adding a link to the movie. Dialogues are much better than "Umrao Jaan Ada" - supposedly a dialogue-based film. Background music enhances the "soft focus" of the movie. It somehow reminds me of VV Chopra's "Kareebi", where neha and to some extent Bobby was completely fair in nature. The same here, where the lead pair does not deceive in any departmental look or action. The statement of support is too good. I appreciate the role of actor Bhabhi in the forefront. The situations of family interactions shown are real and smiling when you find yourself in one character instead. The songs were too scenes suitable and made good films. But while I respect Ravindra Jain for her work on films for Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman badly. <br /> <br /> It didn't get double-shoters (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue or no point. You would look at the movie comfortably with your parents, unless you are already or soon. At this point I would like to say that although Suraj proposes that marriages are between families and not just individuals, his approach is completely individualistic. The movie is just Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are random. Art imitates life? "Peripheral characters" are sent to the background and the only main characters are the lead pair. <br /> <br /> Returning, everything was almost perfect. Except for drama. The tragedy was created artificially. The result, sacrifice, and the resulting change in heart are not at all convincing. That is why this emotional shock event is not the purpose of reversing this event. However, the story was needed to overcome the movie from the beautiful video above. But I waited for a punch and it never came. Preaching the preaching of Mohnish Bahal and later Alok Nath was inappropriate and made things too far away. Maybe it helps the film to have a tax-free status. But the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear than what it was. <br /> <br /> I think there were too many questions at the end of the movie: 1 Is the movie really over? 2 Is the movie over?
