<br /> <br /> I am sure that in the real life of Homer Hickam, things didn't work exactly the same way they did to customize their book on Rocket Boys, but "October Sky" (anagram title) is good enough to be independent. I have not read Hickam's memories, but I am still able to enjoy and understand the adaptation of my film. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, captures the story of a teenage Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal) that began in October 1957. It opens with radio broadcasts, bringing news from the Russian satellite to Sputnik's first artificial satellite in orbit. We see pictures of the blue-gray city and its people: mostly miners working in the Olga coal company. One miner listens to the news on a hand-held radio when he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal disappears when he disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the stars from heaven above him. With this picture, the melancholic violin feeling disappears. Then we get hit by Elvis on the car radio when the words on the screen inform us about the device: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg) are talking about football games. Football scholarships are the only way out of town and work in mines for their boys. "Why are jocks the only ones going to college," asks Homer. Roy Lee says, "They are the only ones who get girls." Homer doesn't do it in football like his older brother, so he's meant to be a mine and follow his father's footsteps in my past. Until she sees the light stripe in the sky in October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a catastrophic experiment involving a primitive rocket and his mother's (Natalie Canerday) fence, Homer is helping out with the help of Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer comes up quickly: "Everything." His teacher at Big Creek High School Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) greatly supports Homer and four boys working on rocket building in Homer's basement. His father, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes Homer should not waste his missile time, coal mines are all concerned. Mining coal is used to make steel, and without steel, the state would be nothing. The complicated relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most enjoyable relationships I've ever seen in the movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering a local science fair with a chance to go to the citizens and win a college scholarship. "You can't just dream about Coalwood," he says to Homer. Homer and his friends are working on their dreams, constantly working on rockets, improving models for each test. Despite many attempts, boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances that we won this science fair," O'Dell asks Homer about one of his most desperate moments. "One Million," Homer answers. "So good?" O'Dell says, "Well, why didn't you say that?" The music, made by Mark Isham, at the same time creates sadness and hope, especially sad at the point where Homer descends into the mining shaft and loses the sky and his dreams from the exit of Coalwood. The rock role of the 1950s, including the songs of The Coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes pushes instrumental pieces to create a light-hearted mood that contrasts with teenager lives with miners' lives. The film filmed by Fred Murphy also uses colors to set and symbolize moods. The city of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blue, gray and brown. It would be like coal coal for everything, face, clothes, houses and you. When a couple of dazzling red convertibles stop at the boys, it is obvious that they come from outside Coalwood and Olga. The book on the missile design led by Miss Riley to Homer is red. Red stands out against Coalwood's blue-gray world to symbolize the exit, but it's still fine. The reds are brief hints of a world that Homer only dreams about. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such enthusiasm, hope and aptitude as Homer Hickam that it is hard to believe that he is not the real Homer we see at the end of the film in real film. Chris Cooper is also extraordinarily believable as Homer's stubborn father who doesn't know or just doesn't want to admit that the mine doesn't produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer and everyone who encourages him in his rocket building are aware that the city is dying. As the community breaks down, the only way they can stay together is to collect rockets from demonstrators. Again, I'm sure things didn't happen exactly as the movie depicted them, but what would be the film without idealism? "October heaven" is just big enough to make it a big movie and raw enough to really hold it.
