October Sky is a very praiseworthy film and it's easy to understand. The story is easy to understand, and many pivot points, actors and actors do quite good jobs, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and that's a real story. To be honest, I think the director's achievement is not comparable to the spark and heat that the original story produces. We don't see any special narrative or cinematography; the power of the film depends largely on the plot of riveting and the difficult situation where a young hero is trapped, that most of the audiences feel like characters. We feel that Homer's desire for his father's recognition and his future, and his resilience, is won by our respect. In October, the sky reminds me of the later Japanese production of the mini series ¡§Rocket Boy, which may be part of the inspiration of this film. In fact, these two different cultures are an interesting comparison. When the story of young men in the sky of October who loudly voice their right to their own destiny, Rocket Boy offers a more endangered description that can sometimes form the sharp criticism of modern society. Starring prominent actor Yuji Oda, Rocket Boy focuses on three ordinary men: a travel agency that has the dream of becoming an astronaut, a proud promotional agent who is at his burst of inferiority due to the extreme advances of his father and older brother (like what Homer felt in his family) and a food industry worker who is going to get married but is afraid of this idea. The collected social consciousness puts its definition of success in its constituent parts, and the further steps to compel them will stifle their dreams, claiming they are impossible. · To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works with a tour operator because he is called ¡§Galaxy.¡¨ If his client fails to do so and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds the power of his father who was determined to be a sailor. , but later on, life at sea was less attractive than he had expected. But I do not regret that his father told Kobayash that I tried at least. His father's confession encourages him to leave his job and apply for astronautships, despite the fact that he hurts his legs and has to move in a wheelchair. The effort of Kobayashi eventually fails and he goes back to the travel agency. But her razy razy razy razy razy age age courage inspires her friends and everyone loves her more. Immediately before the end of the series, Kobayashi is working as a space camp guide for children with more astronauts. After the tour is over, we see him tilting on the tree, opening a poster he tears on a message board saying: ¡§ Astronauts of 2004. ¨ Kobayashi looks at a piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a boy looking at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his destiny and that's what he does. This series is so heart-catching not because the hero exhibits heroic deeds, but his habitual and unstoppable desire to realize his dream, which makes us wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this exhibition illuminates us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayash have a dream, and they do what they get despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to see Japanese TV series. If you are a nine-to-fiver, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry IMDB has no data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
