Based on the fact, this is a story of a teenager growing in a West Virginia coal town called Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), where the boy's usual fate was "to reach the mines". But Homer had a look at the sky and love for flying rockets, his miner's father's anxiety, and the shrinking of the townspeople in general. Certainly, he and his three equally called buddies failed to launch missiles that they would fly out of eight miles from the city to no longer terrorize the community with their repeatedly attacking missiles. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) thinks they are wasting their time. But people will become intrigued and will soon come out to see how "Rocketboys" sent their home rockets. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and tells them that they can become candidates at a national research center where college scholarships are an award. Now the gang needs to learn to improve his craft and overcome these problems when they take the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films, as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 & "October Sky" is definitely on top of all his other films. Undoubtedly, "October Heaven" is his best effort and probably his best film. This is not just a real story that has been filmed very well, but even as a film, it is every thing that is needed for top cinema. And with Johnston's extraordinary direction, there are some extraordinary performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this film appeared and produced a beautiful and natural performance. He's the perfect actor. Chris Cooper as the father also gives a very fine result. The same is true of Laura Dern and also beautiful. Even the rest of the performances are very good. The background was good. A very inspiring film that will lift your spirit high. One of those movies that will definitely inspire you all your life. Amazing inspirational movie with lots of entertainment. Must not be skipped.
