Simple and effective film about what is life, responding to challenges. Homer and his friends had a lot of fever to be able to grow into a man without falling into the trap of a folding future between father and son to be a miner in a local mine and never out of that fate. Homer and his friends also took three different challenges to conquer their personal and free future. The first man-made artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, the Soviet satellite, which is a milestone in human history, did not want to miss the turning point that Homer and his friends could not leave. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics is to calculate and develop a rocket from scratch or rather what they could collect in books and subscribe to their minds. Finally, a challenge to a world that stands and refuses and tries to repack you, even before a premature accident that forces you to repackage just to survive, and even then Homer proved to have the courage to accept the challenge that blocked his plans and dreams for a while . But there is another story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he is also the bearer of inspiration he and his friends need. If he is the one who is going to get a university scholarship because his friends gave him the supremacy, his friends on the roads and on the roads and the mine can get out of fate thanks to their inspiring energy. Sometimes it is difficult not to follow the example of a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective to show how the father opposed this dream, because for him, science was not a fabric for a real person, such as mining or football. The fate of the working class, both present in the 1950s and 1960s and still present in some areas, is too often with the father's traditional thinking. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the destiny of the workgroup I am talking about becomes a trap. Here too, the film is effective and it should be thought by some parents. It could have been the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge of taking the path that was not guided and programmed by his own father. <br /> <br /> dr. 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
