I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the premier of Main Prem De De Chan, then a year ago I saw Vivah, which seemed good. But I didn't want to waste my hard earned money looking at the cinema. When the movie first appeared on the DVD, I rented it and watched and loved the movie and took back my words to Sooraj. I finished it yesterday and this time I thought I had to review this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaGot is this time right, I was not a Hum App Ke Hai Beautiful big fan. But I've always loved Manie Pyari kiya after Manie Pyar kiya thinks Vivah is Barjatyas's best job. I hardly ever cried in the movie, but this movie made me cry. If you've ever been in love with it before, then there are many moments that touch you in this movie, the movie is just too sweet and you love it, I think there is a lot of underrated film. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie, which you can call a desi and a very old time, but it seemed to me modern, because two married couples are aware that this is an old tradition. It's done at this time, many people don't believe in this marriage, but I'm doing it. Race between the competition and the wedding, which is always special and this film clearly shows it. When Prem meets with Poonam for the first time, they show how it is and this is reality and my parents say they got married and it showed it so yes, as Prem and Poonam meet in this movie is how most marriages happens. It was very sweet, you still feel nervous, but excited that the song "Do Ajnabe" shows it very well. Back from the story, this is a journey that will soon be merged between Premi and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and their families. For this movie, which is really good, the last 30 minutes you all get for the tissue box will occur. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall with each other is too sweet. A simple boy and a simple girl when they first meet during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe". smoking. Then it will go to all those who have a family trip, and then it is when they really fall to each other. It just makes you look at a couple and watch all their sweet moments. Another factor is that Poonam chichi is really for him and Poonam sorry because he has been badly treated and he wants to see him happy and when he finally finds happiness, you start to feel too well that the film is basically pleased to fall in love with Poonam more than just Premi. If he finds Prem to be happy, you want him to be happy and also hope that nothing goes wrong, because the character is shown as a sweet simple girl. What brings me to the shows and Amrita Roa when Poonam is in the movie is amazing, her best job until the date you love this innocent character and roots her to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor's Prem also amazing, he's in the movie Poonam's support, he's a movie of luck, together they share amazing chemistry and I've never seen a more enjoyable pair from SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk didn't touch you to tell you how cute they are together, that's for sure. "Mujhe Haq shark" song and before that is the amazing chemistry they show. The scenes that touched me were when Prem took Poonam into his room and shows him where they stay and he opens it and they have a moment between them that is too sweet. Again, if you've ever loved someone, these scenes can connect. The film is just the sweetest thing you will ever see. <br /> <br /> The direction is on the ground, a good movie for me is basically something that can pull me and stop me during this hour what we see here is fake and have a camera that will present them. For me, this film pulled me in and during those three hours I felt like a movie. Songs that you really like when you see the movie, these are the songs that have been placed in the situation after I saw the movie I was playing! The music is amazing, the story is just amazing, what more do I want to ask? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, rarely do we get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you've seen it make you feel really good and you want to be a better person. Basically, this is the sweetest trip ever, they basically show that they are traveling between engagement and marriage and many people say it's the best part of your life? Well, this movie actually shows how people actually say it? Why People Really Say That This Trip Is Just Amazing! Watch this movie and find out why the trip is amazing!
