Looking at the ads in this movie, I was pretty sure I was going to prevent it. First, it was one of those "loose-based novel movies", which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to associate the film. Worse still, the trailer showed only the most meaningful images to imagine (for example, a boy is sprayed with a hose in the garden ... and falls over). So when my little brother came up with my thinking that it was the "black" movie of the season (of course he thought like "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "Ant Bully", "Monster House", etc., etc), I I was less than excited. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater the film won me for a number of reasons: First, the writers get a "child dialogue" better than any other childhood film I've ever seen. when the boys' main meal eats the worm that has arrested an egg-omelette, boys make a sheep, an overwhelming impression of the main lecture, making it realistic, because all the little children think (mistakenly) that they make their adult tormenters very ridiculous. : "Why did he say," alley oop "? Another boy said, "Maybe he's crazy!" and the whole group laughs harshly. Not too funny a rebel, but the kind of thing a young boy looks like on the spot and exactly the kind of notes that other kids found at his age would be fun. As if it were confirmed, my son's brother laughed as they spoke on the square, on the wedge; I can practically hear his voice on as exact lines as he was placed in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the film works is that writers can work on issues such as bullying, brothers' relationships, a new child at school, and peer pressure / compliance without being special after school. For example, the tempter (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is definitely a bad, but not pure evil, and it is enough from his own home life that the audience feels compassion and understands the origin of his bullying. There is also no moment in "dramatic music" where Billy ("Worm Boy") understands what is the complete tool he has with his younger brother Woody, but some minor transformations have been made at the end of the film. Here is some reality in how characters deal with situations and how they relate to each other, and very few of them are wrong. <br /> <br /> The only shortage in the movie is an absolutely ridiculous dance picture that even the creators of the notorious McDonald dance party "Mac and Me" would be intimidated. Why was it put into the movie? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) draw Macaulay Culkin and refused to take on the role unless he was given a vehicle to show his so impressive dance skills? The whole sequence should not have been there, and it had a little less comedic value than any given in "History Channel". <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie was great and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best, most realistic live children's movies you will ever see if you are ever children or just remember what a child is.
