I've never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and constantly smiled at the movie. I've never thought that such terrible action existed, it was just too funny. The story behind the film is decent, but the movie scenes do not represent them. I've never seen such a stupid movie in my life, so I think it's worth it. I give this movie out of 10 out of 10, because it's the most natural film ever created, this movie seems to have been created just for trash. I mean, the scenes are so fake and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". You can kick just by watching how this movie is flat, I and my friend couldn't make jokes during the movie, the Darthvader, who is trying to get the girl, ran over once, but twice, and the second time he ran over it sounded like he said sh! # although he doesn't speak english. When you watch this movie, you are thinking that all those other movies you didn't like, taken for granted, are better than that. This movie has to be seen from curiosity and what kind of film DEFINES is flat. The bad snake met the girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil snake just roared and yelled and let her go every time. The evil snake had so many opportunities as God tried to tell haste and eat the girl how many miracles you want. The transition between scenes leaves you wondering if I missed something? So many plot holes in the scene scene. I laughed like crazy when they decided to "get into Mexico" to remove the snakes. Hmmmm Border Restraint Will Save You Korean Snake? interesting ... very interesting .... I think changing borders will solve all the problems. The second scene that totally stunned me ... they met for the first time and had a romantic scene during the beach that they kissed and didn't even know each other ... the scene was so cliché and it wasn't at least the content of other movies. It may seem logical after that, but I mean they JUST MET, although they are reincarnations there feelings were like they instantly loved each other instead of rather developing. In any case, this film is worthy of eye-opening and seeing the light. Bad Hollywood movies look like this in the sky. Ultimately, it is worth looking at what you get bored of, that you are captured every moment, every scene with your head.
