"Hollywood Hotel" is associated with many films, such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies", that someone won a competition, including a contract for making movies in Hollywood, to find a way to stardom either paved pitfalls or nonexistent. In fact, when I was watching it tonight, I was wondering in Turner's classic films whether the authors of the later music class "Singing in the Rain" might have taken some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel". The film studio has a temperamental post-driver letter and a conclusion about one person who sings the film, while the other person got credit off the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is an exciting example of making films in the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, who plays herself (and despite some of the negative comments I've seen, she has a very inspiring personality on the screen and her natural commands). He is not the only real person in the script. Make-up-specialist Perc Westmore seems to be brief about trying to make one sign look like another. <br /> <br /> This movie was also one of the first young Ronald Reagans who played the radio interviewer for the premiere of the film. Reagan makes his short scenes quite nicely - especially when he realizes that someone Dick Powell is not going to take over the microphone if it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell has won a Hollywood contract competition and leaves his work as a saxophonist with Benny Goodman. The beginning of this movie, by the way, is quite impressive, as the band rides on trucks to say goodbye to Powell. They finally sing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that the lyrical is left expedient. All Johnny Mercer's lyrics are references to Hollywood like Max Factor, King of Makeup, Rin Tin Tin and even Tarzan's hint. But the original lyrics referred to Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers did not intend to advertise the leading man of the 20th century Fox and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any case, these numbers showed the best of the singers and instrumentalists of the Goodman Orchestra. So did the later part of the film's five-minute-long period where the band practiced. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood to find that he is a contract player (most likely for saxophone players). He meets with studio publisher Allen Joslyn (owned by Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad companion, but she's busy and she tends to push people out if there's no need to talk to them. He parked in Powell's Hollywood hotel room, where the studio's temperate star (Lola Lane) lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), his sister (Mabel Todd) and his sensible as a cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen, who sings in the rain unless her voice is good. His "Dan Lockwood" version is one of "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, the scene steals easily several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (if he's not packed under his ego) is fully aware of it. Being able to evade the usual role he wanted, he refuses to premiere his last film. Joslyn finds her twice (Lola's real sister, Rosemary Lane) and Rosemary is ready to play the star on the premiere and partner. But he's with Powell (Joslyn wants someone who doesn't know the real Lolat). This leads Powell to Mowbray's tapping when the latter is a pest. But otherwise the evening will succeed, and if the two are together they will find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> Sets are related to Lola's return and Powell's collision when Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his ganglum"). Powell's contract is being bought out. Working with a photographer turned to agent Ted Healey (in fact, this film is not very bad - he is even trying to make Jolson imitation at one point), two are trying to find a job by getting badly tempered Edgar Kennedy hamburgers. (The number of broken dishes and singers in the restaurant gives Edgar a lot of time to make his burns slow). Finally, Powell can "break", being hired to be Dupre's song "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the last part of the movie when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help Powell show that it's his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty cute and appealing movie even now. The worst aspects are due to time. Several African-American jokes are no longer tolerated (trying to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally captures a portrait and mentions Joslyn to see if Powell's photos are too dark - to get a point?). Also, a bit of Curt Bois as a Lola Lane fashion designer, who is (say) too high, is not very tolerable either. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a bit (too much time), but it was very popular in 1937. And the case where Healey almost hits for the first time (one of his latest films) reminds people of the end of a tragic, yet mysterious comic in December 1937. But most of the movie is pretty good and does not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
