The film begins with a girl with a mental challenge, with bright yellow sneakers striking the sky in the corner of Madrid Street and passing through the plane. The film looks at the lives of five women, Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita & Isabel, who have completely different life and gift choices. Their shoes are the first superficial, but with a slight glance, we realize that we get their fragile identity. In an embroidered and decorated manner, the podiatrist tries to esoterically expose the deeper secrets of the woman's souls by her feet. The assumption is risky and lightly generated, but the tone and depth of the movie are bold. <br /> <br /> What can be mild and superficial, swings quickly with a couple of scenes with excellent dysfunction, which leaves rivals for a minute, seeing love or lack of it, pain, confusion, hope, needs, and escape mechanisms that develop a variety of minutes House to Room and Street and Finally to ... What Scene (!), But There Are Others So Effective To Track And Strengthen Strong Characterization And Leadership Displayed In This Life. <br /> <br /> Moves along, the woman has lost her husband, whom she loved and her own children and taxi, while the other has lost her husband completely emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, a divorce in progress? guilty, regret and regret. New Love? Do you love the mirage? Do you love people in the mirror? Do you love someone you can't love? Or think you can't love it? Do you love and live life, though it is always somewhat hopeless? But are you not exactly the hopes and dreams that keep us here and in the spectrum of relative happiness? There will be many deep topics and the final act will bring people and ideas together in an existential crisis without a clear solution, final decision or effective healing. Maybe there is a hard-to-understand way of thinking, a brief feeling, but a lasting assessment of the way of life and the king of the film and the intellect. Live. Live again. Turn back the roll. Provide real, important; life with big stones (piedras). The rest are just details.
