I've recently gone back and watched this movie again when I didn't see it. When I first saw the movie, I was too young to understand what the film was. Now that I saw it again, I couldn't believe what I missed all these years. For me, I can see movies about what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel that music is the best part, but I don't think it's true. Most people don't understand how good this story is, because it's a judge. The thing is that no one in the movie tried to actually act, but they were just themselves. The whole main cast just played himself. They were not trying to be someone else but themselves. <br /> <br /> I've actually watched and analyzed the work and efforts of the movie. Now, from my point of view, the situations shown in the film are based quite a bit on the musical events that occurred most often in Minneapolis at that time, which are actually the real events that happened during Prince's career and who can say it better than him? The music that came from the city at that time began to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential mainly in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry", where the prince of other musicians really started. It is also known that Prince and Morris Day competed with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically plays its rivalry from the aspect of the competition, not their friendship, which shows the real competitive edge that appeared in "First Avenue" for that time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this film is good is due to the fact that some of the situations in the movie are actually based on events that the prince has been through in his life with music and personal character. For me, it made the film more emotionally realistic because it talks about its trials and troubles to the superstardom. In addition, his commitment to his performances is phenomenal. Prince took care to make every moment of the film perfect. Every time you hear this song in the movie, it's perfect sync with this situation. <br /> <br /> The Prince is in a musical genius and has repeatedly proved it. This movie is what officially put on Prince and has not slowed down since then. Anyone who has watched this movie or still (incredibly) watched it has not yet seen it when you sit and watch this movie, then you have to watch it with the intellect or stay behind the film. If you really love music, it's definitely a movie. Above what someone else says is a great movie to watch and own.
