This is one of the best films coming from Bollywood for years. This is certainly the best this year. From heart to heart in India, panoramic views, heart-pleasing dialogue and melodic and soft music make the movie extraordinary. The appropriate image of Indian pain and culture makes the viewer look for their roots and enlivens the mind and spirit against pride and new housing. <br /> <br /> This movie is for viewers who enjoy their imagination and philosophical senses. If you want to watch movies to get all your nerves with screen actions, sex, or terror, this movie is not for you, because you find that the movie isn't full of 90 degrees. This is just as easy a story as it gets. But that's exactly the art of the film. One gets real life experience and the best thing is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It touches on the positive side of life, the sweet things God has showered to people, the regressive films that require the doni, terrorists, and the underworld. It does not concern things and people who have gone bad. It is about goodness that is still there and what keeps the world going. Of course, the genre of each film is revered, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a film that swims against the present and tries to open up the hidden hidden reality and truths of the public. <br /> <br /> Having said that there is more ... <br /> <br /> The film is a couple of journeys related to their organized marriage - yes, that's right, it's an organized marriage and a couple can only know each other through their parents and learn to love one another. The 6-month gap between recruitment and marriage is a long time, not a full of "tempting" events, but one that grows a couple's growing love and commitment to one another. They learn together the importance of their relationship and this invaluable time of their lives and work to strengthen the ties of marriage. But are they reinforced enough? Their relationships are confronted not only with time, but also with the attempt of happiness. Do they pass this test? That's exactly "Vivah".
