Playing literature in literary classics can be a bit poisoned for the actor, paying for the joy of the flesh, competing with the fantasies of the generations of readers? not to mention the many other actors who have restricted the castle in the past. Fortunately for fantasies, this version ?? nicely cast with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton? stands over the head and shoulders that have come after that. This is the right length to make the story full, and uses the Bronte cracker dialogue greatly; none of this modern breaking, cutting of text and adding new and worse scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story is the tension that arises between the centerpieces, and the living conditions lead to them. Jane? "poor, plain and small"? grows up in the charity of a cold aunt, her nature and independence, shaped by a long letter in a very harsh school. She arrives as Mr Rochester's household, being completely friendly and alone. He represses himself from the usual work duties and difficult experiences, but his passionate nature will soon find his touch paper in his stern, intelligently intelligent, mysterious master, to whom he pulls from his controlled forces. Rochester is a drilled tiger, busy with "energy-saving hell"; potentially dangerous to anyone who comes into contact with him? but "break through chink or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary freedoms with a paid subordinate; but then Jane is not an ordinary worker as she sees. But they are faced with a dark secret and serious trials. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue about such accomplished actors? Especially Dalton seems to be passionate about Brontese. If you've ever seen her as a non-memorable bond, you've forgotten what she's best. Those who have commented that his Rochester is too beautiful to miss their dramatization point: his character is just too much time for a really ugly man to keep the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is just right, not always or consistently beautiful, but often dazzling, strikingly as it should. And Zelah Clarke Jane is not a flower water; she conveys a woman's emotions, which usually repress their sense of humor and her passionate nature, allowing her rare outbreaks to show a more dramatic effect. Jean Rhys' illuminated and most dissatisfied with Bronte's "Wide Sargasso Sea," depicting the first story of Mrs Rochester. Check it out? "Jane Eyre" "hero" doesn't see you again in the same way.
