The 1983 BBC's Jane Eyre production, featuring Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM), has always been and always is my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at another version of Jane Eyre without reading a book, it's like watching a regular movie you forget the next day. But looking at it almost equally, reading the book. I looked at these minisions a lot when I was little, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time, I didn't pay attention to how close this television production is to the book. Recently I looked at Jane Eyre's 1996 version and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and had no significant scenes (like my favorite Roma scene). After that, I loved this "Jane Eyre" even more, because it contains all the important scenes in the book and it just says the whole story (no other versions unless you read the book). <br /> <br /> The 1983 Jane Eyre is great. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very beautiful actor (beautiful enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is as big as Rochester that I can't imagine anyone playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is undoubtedly the only Jane who follows the description of the book. Another thing that makes this movie so great is the clothes and makeup of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive as Bronte describes her (although she doesn't see 18, but do we really pay attention to it?) <br /> <br /> Some people say this "Jane Eyre" is too long but I spent all my day watching it when I spent 2 hours watching some other version. Some say the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate when they make Jane Eyre's "Hollywood Movie" with inappropriate kissing. To show the love between Jane and Rochester, you don't have to add "mad, mad-loving" scenes. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that no other scenes are needed! I am 19 years old and many girls of my age point to this film as "boring and old-fashioned". But I'm just sorry about them because they don't understand its purity and beauty. After all, the novel is in the 19th century and this old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and similar to the book. <br /> <br /> I don't think Jane Ayre would ever have any other version with its popularity and love. Anyone who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies is the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) always Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
