I've recently seen this DVD. This is the first time I saw it because it was originally delivered in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first it seemed worrying that it seemed old-fashioned and I think it's a bit dated and very wordy when the BBC series was back. (I miss those wonderful costumes that always seemed to be on Sunday afternoon) But next to it, it's as perfect as it could have been. I'm a bit of a "Jane Eyre" squeeze because it's my favorite book and I've never seen someone that is faithful to the book. I recently read the book again and some of the dialogues are just on the spot. Reading the scene to the end, where Rochester's questions about Jane, which St John was like I noticed, have been accurately reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clarke and done perfectly. <br /> <br /> Any other work that has been done seems somehow inadequate, some even omitting the "Rivers" family and their association with Jane. I also think that this is the only product that contains a properly made Roma scene. <br /> <br /> Casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane described in "Little Normal and Dark" and I don't agree she seemed too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too beautiful, but he is absolutely perfect as Rochester, portraying every aspect of his character just right and acting out his socks! I agree with other comments that he seems rather scary over time, as in the scene when he slowly turns around in the church when his wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically frightening. But then, in some other favorite scene, his joy is wonderful to see Jane run down the stairs in the morning and arms when they express their love for each other. Love that is wonderfully depicted and completely believable. Oh, to love such a man! There were a couple of scenes that were strangely lost, like when Jane climbs into bed with Helen and also when Rochester takes Jane to her wedding (I thought it was, but maybe the memory is playing tricks) Finally, if you never see the other Jane Eyre's production - you see it for the sake of perfection!
