* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss it without revealing specific plot points, but I can't do it. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I searched for an IMDb review of George C. Scott's movie when I hit this version of the summary and overviews. There were so many positive comments that I decided to order it, though: (a) somewhat and hastily thought George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of Rochester in T; and (b) even looking at the cover of the DVD: "Is Timothy Dalton not too good for this role?" The last concern was confirmed by the fact that I decided to read the book again when the DVD was retrospective. This means that the moment I started watching it, I was fascinated. First of all, it was disturbing to hear the 1840 dialogue that was spoken in writing - little or no modernization - but Dalton and Clarke threw themselves so deeply that I really enjoyed the fact that the adapters trusted the audience with an archaic speech. There was an extra bonus to have so many books on the screen. I know someone who doesn't look at any of Jane Eyre's versions because "who wants to see a movie about a man holding a poor mad woman in the attic?" Frankly, if someone who hasn't read the book stumbles over half an hour or two, they think it's pretty much a story - the secret of Rochester and its impact on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version of Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized this election. Dalton is too dirty; Clarke is too reserved. I can't claim the first point, but he's so "at the moment" that I believe he's Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is a sign. Jane Eyre is quiet, guarded. When a person remembers the book, so much of Jane's toughness and passion will arise during her private struggles. Some criticisms shame me. Observers say that Clarke is too short or not enough. The book goes to infinity, how small and ordinary Jane is. Mrs Clarke should not be long and filmmakers stressed her faces to make Jane's statements about the lack of beauty credible. He can hardly help if Dalton is long. Some say there is no chemistry between lead. What? !! The scene where Jane finally arrives after her wedding fiasco in her room vibrates quite with passion and longing and sadness and regret - and that is just the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I also missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the siblings of the rivers. Some dialogues were strangely trimmed. When Rochester declares, "Jane, you're wrong with me. I don't hate her because she's crazy," I waited for the rest of the shift when Rochester explains how Jane should go mad, love her and love her. This is a powerful moment in the book and I wish it was added. I think it was a mistake to bring the story of Rochester into the story where Jane is independent. It could have been done for clarity, but I found it in the ring. I wanted a cunning humor in the scene, where Jane claims that the Rochester Ardor cools down and she's going to start dreading again, but she can "let her again" again. Dalton's presentation is so good that a rare mistake is prominent - when Rochester crying in the library, I saw him as an actor who made a crying scene, not Rochester. When it comes to kits, if someone has got an episode of the Dark Shadows exhibition of the 1960s, one knows what to expect - a very tough and sometimes dirty look. Others have commented thoroughly and concisely on Rochester's graduation thesis. Yikes! This is bad. The conclusion is too steep. After all, I wanted to stop turning more. And my DVDs have loans at the beginning and end of all eleven 25-30-minute episodes. That means I am so glad I have this movie and watch it over and over again.
