Charlotte Brontë's classic novel "Jane Eyre" has been adapted a lot, and considering their numerous comments, there is also a lively discussion of which one is the best. Short film adaptations suffer because the entire novel plot is simply not capable of being cramped around a 100-minute movie. so these movies only show some parts of the novel. TV series have proved to be a more suitable format for making all the different episodes of the heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three television series released in 73, 83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre's customizations and a striking example of a totally overrated movie. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by inaccurate and trivial ones, and important scenes are deleted or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. All this leads to the fact that the depicted stars not only share the novel with Rochester and Jane, and do not behave exactly as described in the opposite book, but their behavior and language are not absolutely in line with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. This is a silly soap opera where actors look and act as if they were mistakenly worn in 1850s costumes. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call her) is indeed the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very loyal to the novel that long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are almost full length. But what works nicely in the novel may not work beautifully on the screen. Sometimes the Romance language is too complicated and complicated to appear naturally when it is spoken on the screen, and the continuous interruption of Jane's voice dialogues gives the impression of artistry and stagnation. And despite the loyalty of novelty, the nature of the scenes is not taken. Another problem is casting the main characters. The depiction of Sorcha Cusacki Jane by a bold, confident, earthly intelligent young woman is completely in contradiction with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although it is a good actor, simply does not possess the physical presence or charisma required to play Rochester. Although it is a decent adaptation, it just can't pass on the passion and intensity of the novel and never pulls the audience away. <br /> <br /> All '73 Series Versions have been adjusted for the '83 TV Mini-Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although, from a purist perspective, Timothy Dalton is too beautiful, long and lean for Rochester, he has the essential qualities of this role: He has the incarnation of physical presence, great magnetism and the air of confidence and power. And despite his indisputable hand, he sees the gloomy and stern to play the Thornfield blind master convincingly. But the excellence of his performance is how he does all the facets of Rochester's character. Of all Rochester players, he is the only one to hit them all: Rochester's toughness, almost insolence, mood and steepness, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, diligence, and deep, frantic love. Dalton's behavior in Charlotte Brontë's language is equally excellent. Even Rochester's most ambitious and complicated idea is to ring absolutely and naturally when Dalton delivers them. He is the ultimate Rochester, insurmountable and unsurpassed, and after looking at him in this role, it is impossible to imagine Rochester being played in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke offers equally great performance in a role that can even be more difficult to play than Rochester. He depicts exactly the novel of the novel Jane, a shy, reserved and guarded young woman with great depth and equally great will power. He strives beautifully for the twin of Jane's character: on the one hand, his modesty and respect, and on the other hand his fire and passion, his seeming weakness, and his inevitable right and wrong feeling. He and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes are quite joyful. <br /> <br /> In terms of loyalty to the literary model, this version also quotes literally the novel as well as the '73 version, but with one major difference: Dialogues have been shortened in this version, but the main features that characterize the main characters and plot development essential. So the scriptwriter refrained from any artistic speech, while preserving the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë. Unlike the previous BBC version, the nature of each scene is completely busy. <br /> <br /> The novel's schedule is followed by even more precision than the '73 series. It is almost a scene of a novel scene, with equal time and emphasis on every Jane's life. This is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre that has a novel of Roma novels, and the only one who fairly responds to the central and cordial scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the interrupted wedding. Timothy Dalton plays this scene with great skill. He makes Rochester's anxiety with almost painful intensity when he understands Jane's decision to leave, his desperate attempts to stay and his last despair when he really leaves. It is a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene that remains with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even the smaller roles are completely cast, a great script and two ideal leading players are final and only true "Jane Eyre".
