Yes, this production is long (good news for Bronte fans!) And it's somewhat late, but both casting and acting are so brilliant that you don't want to look at other versions! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton is Edward Rochester ... it's so easy. I don't care that other reviewers say he is too beautiful. Dalton is definitely an attractive but not a real boy. In fact, he has a nice, angular dark charm, which I think is quite in line with the mysterious, very masculine Mr. R.. And he takes Rochester's sad, tortured personality so harshly. It depicts wildness when the scene requires it, but also the delicate, passionate and emotional side of Rochester. (IMO's newer A&E production suffers from the fact that Ciaran Hinds - whom I usually love - seems to be always puzzled and tempted. I've read this book many times and I didn't feel that Rochester was supposed to be perceived as a continuous beast.) <br /> <br /> As I read the novel, I always see Zelah Clarket as Jane. Clarke reminds me of Jane when she describes herself (and is described by others). Little, childish, fairy ... though it's true that the actor doesn't see 18, she's showing Jane's features so well. While other reviews have argued that his actions are wooden or insensitive, it should be remembered that the character spent 8 years in Lowood to be trained to maintain his emotions and passionate nature. His main inspiration was his childhood friend Helen, who was an insecure performer. Although his real nature was different, Jane studied her mood and showed that it was instructive, following the school's goals for her charity students who would go on duty. Jane becomes the ruler of a wealthy Mr. Rochester household. He doesn't speak to him equally. Later, when he gave as much as he could, he would always be sure he remembered his station was far lower than his employer. However, if you read a book to which this production is amazingly close, you can clearly see that the small struggles Zelah-as-Jane can withstand when it lowers its emotions to stay soft and smooth. /> The chemistry of Dalton and Clarke is just right, I think. No, it doesn't look like at least Hollywood (thanks to God! It's not a Hollywood sort of book), but they have a real, dedicated and loyal romance. And for Jane, who has never assumed that she has any kind of love, it's a little wonder. <br /> <br /> The rest of the casting is terrible and I love the fact that almost everyone here has the character of a book. There is also a rich, poetic original dialogue. This version is the only one I know to add a cute, infamous "gypsy scene" and generally has more humor than the others I've seen. Especially the bullying between managers is direct from the book and is so delightful. <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre was in many ways one of the first updated feminists. Finally, he accepted love on his own terms and independently, and finally, as Rochester's true equality. Just beautiful!
