It seems bright enough to call this episode. Saying that this is a great job for the season, she is also reductive, because so far there has never been a big episode of the Sopranos. In fact, the title can be for those who are not yet a real fan: invite to the club ... <br /> <br /> Stay where Junior left behind (put the ball in her baby's gut after lying) she got killed in the first season), the story of Tony begins with a fine. He hasn't remembered what happened to him, he participates in some kind of convention. Only he does not talk about his usual accent and it seems that his documents are wrong: apparently he is not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least what a group of people thinks, and until the confusion is gone he cannot leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Of course, with the pure Sopranos tradition that proves to be just a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, doctors have their own fate, their family and friends are worried and Junior refused to believe that the whole thing really happened. Unfortunately, he did it, and Anthony Jr. She looks ready to fight her father's life attempt. <br /> <br /> Dreams have come up quite often in the series, often for somewhat spiritual judgment (especially at the fifth exhibition of the season "Test Dream"). Join the club, but the metaphysical qualities of the program, which were already hinted at using the previous episode of William S. Burroughs' poem, and pushes the envelope most sharply: Tony hallucinating about his dead friends (first event) was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago is one thing , he really is what seems to be the Purgatory is radically different. The "heavenly" part of the story has shrunken allegorical meanings, especially the name Tony is given (if one sign indicates that spelling in a certain way gives you the word "infinity") and none of it comes out overstretched or far drawn: David Chase has created the work which is too intelligent to use strange devices for their own benefit; it all helps narrative. In the case of Tony Soprano, "help from the top" is spoken, although it would stretch.
