What appears to be an attempt to interfere with drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film "Things that make life valuable. "It is not an original discovery, with many voices that you have (quite far from the pitch, by the way), but it comes out somewhat from the norms of the Spanish cinema, which is that the elements that make up the film are poorly connected and although some points are not well developed, then others are out of place, the day when two people are of middle age, this is basically what the film Gómez Pereira, Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is stationary (parado), which, despite the backload of the drama, seems ready to see the changes Only this explains his commitment to a minor, which may mean a turning point in its existence. In line with Audrey Tautou's "Long Dating" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge himself says such things: "if I find a coin before the corner, which now my happiness is changing. "Of course, it will play" Today can be a great day "(Hoy puede ser and gran dia) Joan Manuel Serrat and some crosses his way to Hydrangea (Ana Belen) divorced and a little lonely. , said he believes in God and leads to the death of a dead mother.Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in her behavior, life was the main driving data inside her, as "70% of people love to live only once in life" and said it is Jorge and unemployed little and does not rule out the possibility that it is "sadistic" sleeping in the cinema of the cinema. Later came the communion, the dance in a luxurious wedding party, the back of the car and other things that the players seem to live in a unique experience as such, but ultimately make things quite difficult for the viewer. The discussion between the two adults is a drama of two adults who have nothing else to lead them to see where their strange relationships and, conversely, make us into a comedy case, focusing on such as chinese singing (which seems to be fun in itself) or walking in a drunken person. The problem is that it doesn't leave us time to interact with the players, so we can't dramatically identify and give us a solid base for the comic, leaving everything apart from a pure joke. Ultimately, everyone mixes so that the viewer no longer knows very well, whether to laugh or mourn, nor to reach. And it is true that nothing is seen thousands of times, it is not a film we bend from every corner, but it is not as different or special as we want. Ana Belén (apparently much less than 53 years old in this movie) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very fond of seeing the work, but this time it seems ready or comfortable for scenes that require her to break peacefully. dominates the film, so in moments like "accident" the kids in the bars seem to slip out of hand. Maybe a very dramatic change to be made, but this is not an excuse for lowering our guard. In any case, both interpreters are simply set to highlight the function. "Things that make life valuable" only work to a modest level of entertainment. Any claim that is beyond this point is not fulfilled because romantic comedy or dramatic, because we assume that they want to do it, cannot afford the small moments to be successful (apart from the bad ones), as in which one to talk and laugh, disappear drunk as a boy who partially stays in his coma. Similarly, people like Rosario Pardo do not do this by launching a typical friend whose biggest contribution to the film is "to be screwed", and the soundtrack songs, though important, are not only suitable. It is true that Manuel Gomez Pereira's film has some punches (some moments related to Jose Sacristan), but the whole is an anodic story, a well-intentioned film and a better result than a better one.
