"Flavia, la monaca muslmana". "Flavia the Heretic" is a genuinely disturbing and uncompromising cinematic culmination of Italian exploitation in 1974, which to some extent follows a somewhat feminist presumption (although the level of slip and brutality would probably be counterproductive to most feminists). "Flavia the Heretic" can be called "Nunsploitation", a film that is mostly located in a monastery, and where the name of the nun is the central character (the great power of Florinda Bolkan). However, this film is quite different from the typical Nunsploitation flicks, as it does not focus so much on nunsplastic elements like lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishments, and so on. Personally, I saw more similarities with Hexploitation flicks. time, like the "devil's sign" (although it does not deal with the issue of witchcraft), which focuses on the cruel execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and in the early modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy about 1600: After seeing his despotic father wounded by a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia is forced to become a nun in the monastery. If his father condemns somewhat embarrassing death for a small misdemeanor years later, Falvia's despair of violence against women will hate the despotic church, and he will join the Arab trappers band ... <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia Heretic" Not with a weak heart, and it is not for those who want a happy ending. Apparently, director Gianfranco Mingozzi tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his nasty scenes. Many torture and execution scenes are extremely annoying when skins, studs and other exceptionally detailed scenes are the most shocking scene that is likely to be torturing a young nun at the beginning of the movie. The violence here is never superfluous. After all, these harsh methods were actually real at the time of the movie. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings with elegant cinematography and excellent results by Nicola Piovan. Amazingly beautiful and magnificent Florinda Bolkan has proven her talent in many large Italian cultural products (including Lucio Fulci's Giallo masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino", 1972). Here he is another great, charismatic performance, and I couldn't imagine another actor who would fit in his role as well. The film has some minor contradictions (eg why did the stiff church for the first time remain a stranger to the cultural sense). In general, it is amazing how realistic this film is. "Flavia the Heretic" should definitely not miss the fans of the cinema industry in Italy. This is a great flick of exploitation in general, although it is definitely a deeply depressing one and you should look at the right mood. Extremely recommended for distracting cinema fans. 7.5 / 10
