Flavia Heretic is an undisputed piece of art and probably my number one suggestion that the cinema of euro-exploitation is strongly underestimated and must not be ignored. It's a smart and complicated movie that is beautifully realized and ??? surprise? pretty fucking exact! This is more than just pointless blasting or free violence, and it is time for those harsh movie categorization who categorize Flavia into a banned trash can think of it. Flavia is a beautiful 14th century young man, forced to live in the strict monastery of the obedient nuns. She refuses to accept her because she is a female and she writes to her sister to be so tolerant. After an ineffective attempt to escape, he communicates with another rebel nun and even directs the power of bloody Muslims to the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a strange movie! It is almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi was able to make it so realistic and disturbing. I invite you to present a title that focuses more intensively on the theme of pioneer feminism than Flavia. Several sequences are quite shocking (actually at nightmare) because the camera zooms in on brutal rape, torture and distortion. However, this is not only used to satisfy perverted gorehounds. I firmly believe that they are part of the statement "Flavia" is trying to communicate: humanity (especially the Catholic Church) has historically been a hypocritical and discriminatory race and can no longer be denied. Movies like "Flavia, heretics" are bold to ask and publicly condemn our precious ancestors and I really wonder them. Due to its content, Flavia is an outstanding and fundamental film of exploitation, but it has even reached a higher level of wonderful cinematography, famous costumes and landscapes, and the breathtaking musical result of Nicola Piovan. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and vigorous nun, but it is María Casares, who steals the exhibition sister Agatha. He is a man-hate and loud mouthed nun who likes to urinate outdoors! Amen, sister!
