I felt that this film was as much about human sexuality as anything else, whether intentionally or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is that women are not allowed to have such a nationally important event, while forgetting the past of our respective "advanced" peoples. I write about Japan, where women got the right to vote 60 years ago, and women technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. England's pubs were once all-male, the business world was recently delineated in the United States, but Chinese women were tied to their feet so that they could not develop strong enough legs to escape from their spouses. Iran is going through our current stage comfortably and seeing how ridiculous we are in one way or another. Back to the question of sexuality, let us ponder what might be the case for women who make them unsuitable for a football game (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially such boy girls, a couple so much that you even feel that lesbianism is on the agenda. I think one thing is that not all women are the same and women who are trying to "protect" the police are not the ones who try to enter first. The opening scenes of the stadium approach welcome you to the dignity of the young women who are trying - and each one individually - at all. It's a world of cruel man. Any woman who is brave enough to try to go should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not suitable for everyone. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, the intercepted criminals are held in custody by waiting for their expulsion, who knows where and where there is much more subtle. start to bind the guards by watching them. They had solid ideas about women and femininity, which was challenged. The change in attitude is icy but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the movie is pure Iran from the first moment, it takes a little relief for the alien, but the characters have a special opportunity to love you, and you finally get the whole picture and even understand the misunderstandings of men and relax them. The anticipated villain is the invisible patriarch of the invisible and unnamed Ayatollahs, probably unremarked. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this movie has been filmed during the actual Iran-Bahrain game event, I have the awe for all the participants.
