What do you think the average person would know more / less: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two come to the forefront of the latest film Offside by the controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panah - a story that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of scenes that turn their right to do something or go somewhere and somewhere the individual's right to expand that politeness, if and when they want it. The odd thing is that you do not come out of Offside, having learned about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (if it is not education in Panah's contradictory style), but you do not know the light if at least someone from Iran has taken a controversial an issue that is obviously still in force in Iran and is ready to be presented to an international audience, not to use it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I am sure many people can do it. It was in the summer after my first year at university and after the slogan, which was my first year, the World Cup football took place in the summer as a well-timed tonic. Needless to say, I saw practically every bar that they show at the end of the stages of other groups, so as to avoid cases like '82 in Spain, when West Germany and Austria were thought to have appeared. the result between those who would see them both at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in the UK looking for a BBC distribution to Iran? The Mexican game, both nations at the first tournament, may remember that at the top of the show, BBC football anchor player Gary Lineker kicked in to comment on the game. It went something like this: "We have seen giants in Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands, but now we see Mexico and Iran against it". The focus of the last two was worse and it was clear that they could be seen as cleaning. It's a shame, because there are people and movies like Offside who are really ready to see Iran play at the point where they risk their well-being, and it's sad when people in power don't let what they think is "worse" if there are others who would like to do something else to deal with. <br /> <br /> When you think of "Iran", "football", and "world championship", my mind is flying back to France's '98 game between that nation and America. Here is a film about Iran's World Championships, but where some or indeed most of the Iranian filmmakers may have decided to play a story that rises around Iran's famous victory over the United States and what it meant to them, director Panahi goes behind the scenes and presents Create views because women are banned from football matches and are not allowed to live ecstasy that has won a huge game. You can imagine a heavy-duty film detailing Iran's "victory" as an attacking propaganda film that aims to exploit it because they "capture" Western power or "enemy" in sport that they probably did not expect. A couple of movies that are memorable when it is invincible in their game are the 2001 Indian "Lagaan", where Indian peasants on the cricket compete with the British government. Similalry, 2005's “Their Life Game” sees Americans competing in English at a football match only during the 1950 World Championship. The differences between these films and offside are huge; Outside, the state mentality is being looked at and dare to explore the nature of feminism, as girls who try to see their beloved Iranian victory over Bahrain and become world championships are rounded like animals and are kept out of the crude window, which would allow them to see the game. The reasoning is related to the unpleasant language "men" may not, but "may" use during the game. The film introduces Iran as so incompetent that they cannot take away the man's right to swear and ban a bad language, but must deny the woman's right to see the game together? No wonder Panah's film was banned in Iran itself. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers that it primarily contains what makes the rule so crazy, often allowing female characters to smoke cigarettes and use cell phones. The two things doctors and scientists think are more dangerous to the human body / mind than listening to the wrong language in a football match. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his film "Offside", which is itself a non-football decision that specifies how an "attacker" tries to gain an advantage on the playground. The parallels are in the position of women in the film, as they are progressing (allegedly without rights) to the attempt to put one over the opposition team; it is the state itself. I think Offside is one of the best movies coming from the Middle East and the surrounding Gulf region I've seen. It is a tense but humble film of people who do not follow IMDb's history of action and so it works raw and real, adding a convincing neo-realistic aura. Immediate termination is a haunting and constant verbal struggle between male soldiers and female false makers who dared to defy the country, is wonderful. I also think that somebody wants to really like the film for these reasons, it shows that it is clear whether you are working in the Iranian government.
