In Iran, women are not allowed to take part in men's sporting events, apparently "defending" them from all the passionate and unpleasant languages ​​they may hear from male fans (so as men cannot restrain or behave, women are forced to go to the drawing). "Offside" talks about one and a half young women who, like men, are dressed in high stakes between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 qualified Iran for the World Championships (the film was actually played during this game to a great extent). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a life-comedy that reminds you of all these great humanist films ("Shop in the Main Building Shop", "Loves" Middle-Traced Trains ", etc.) that flowed from Communist Czechoslovakia as part of" Prague's wonder "In the mid-1960s. As with many of these works," Offside "is more about tracking life than developing any well-designed fictional narrative, and indeed the simplicity and naturalness of this style make the movie so effective. When their ruse is discovered, the girls are brought directly under a small pencil to the stadium where they can hear the dirty rejoicing of the game, where they are, everything they can do is to require security staff to let them go, guards who are basically worshiping , good-natured boys, who are forced to fulfill their duty as part of their compulsory military service. disturbed that these women are allowed. But how can the real courage and brilliance of these women be impressed when they approach a system that continues to enforce such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to cause the cause or "point". They are simply enthusiastic fans with a burning desire to watch a football game and like all the country's men rejoice with their team. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say how much dialogue is written and how much of it is long-term, but in both cases, the actors do a great job with their wonderfully expressive faces, because every moment seems completely real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abad and Shayesteh Irani are remarkable disciplines of remarkable pain. The film's structure is also very loose and free when writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-author Shadmehr Rastin focus on a few short moments for a few short moments, then move smoothly and effortlessly with others. With this document-type approach, we seem to feel that we are seeing the real event in real time. Very often we are quite easy to forget that we are actually watching the movie. <br /> <br /> For filmmakers, it was a very smart move to add so much good humor to the movie (as did Czech filmmakers), the better it is to bring out the absolute absurdity of the situation and extend the film's appeal to both domestic and foreign audiences. "Offside" is obviously called for justice, but that is what has been made even more effective by refusing its story of a difficult breathing tragedy. Instead, he realizes that nothing breaks social barriers as effectively as humor and the call for a common humanity of the audience. And is not what real art should be? In its silent, undervalued way, Offside is one of the great, undervalued gems of 2007.
