Panahi, whose earlier films, such as Circle and Crimson Gold, seem to go from fresh to bad, has produced a funny, striking, joyfully chaotic piece in his new Offside, ending with a release and a heartfelt note of fun? but the film deals with the material as complex and relevant as anything else it has done. Focusing on the group's terrible girls' football fans who hit the upcoming match at the Tehran Stadium in Bahrain-Iran, Panahi raises the issues of national spirit and independent thinking and contradictions? and pure absurdity? Involving the regime's religious apartheids in the world of contemporary competition, with the majority of young and urban girls increasingly thinking about themselves. <br /> <br /> As the movie opens, we join a bus girl, a father who cleans up her lost daughter. It's hidden and has national colors like a warrior, but we're fighting with him knowing what's going on: he's still easily noticeable. The thing is, most men don't care. However, the rules are rules, and if they try to get through the big stadiums that reach the stadium, the football girls or some of them will still be rounded and kept in a small association on the stadium. by some mostly young, green and rustic soldiers who have no idea how to cope with the independent ideas of girls in these big cities and rather play? whose roar do we hear in the background? yourself. Every girl is different ?? There are different reasons why they want rules and different ways to do it. One wore a soldier's uniform and got to the officers section. One is harsh and masculine and mocking and provocative (he can pass on a real boy and tease tips on "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would you like me to be?"). One doesn't care very much about football, but went to the dead comrade in honor. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a terrible footballer for himself? and so on. These Tehran girls are stubborn and clever and walk through their harsh land lord (Safar Samandar). One of the rural police officers (Mohamad Kheirabad) takes the men's toilets for men's footballers (of course, there are no women), forcing him to wear a poster of an Italian football star. This is the result of the comedy mistakes and chaos in which the girl flees. <br /> <br /> Later, is spiffy looking van with an officer driving police officers to bring girls to the Undersecretary? the violation of the rules of sexual segregation is, on the contrary, qualified. Man mixes with them? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into games. The van is not as tough: the radio antenna is broken. But one policeman keeps it in place so they can listen to increasingly heartbreaking reporting. All policemen and prisoners are now in a common excitement. There is no score, the game goes to a penalty shot and the winner goes to Germany. <br /> <br /> Against this background, it is a real game, a real stadium and real masses for young men who are mad about this event. The thrill is huge and the streets are captured by cars and flags, and the milling mobile by supporters who pray for Iran's victory and combine their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie as good as it may be It is now that it has come to the real game night with a real finale that will change everything around. This, unlike Panah's earlier highly-rated narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous filmmaking that improves the rhythm of real events and wipes you in a way that is quite exciting. <br /> <br /> The nature of offsides is the disconnection between the madness of today's football and the social prohibitions of retro-Islam that repress women? the latter exists at a time when young Iranian women are becoming a global world where women participate in sport and share the spirit of the national team spirit. How exactly do you reconcile the country's ambition to become a modern global power, who are medieval social attitudes? A lot of Offisde is amazingly real, including how everyone tries to talk out of their way. The director's decision to inject young actors into real sports mega-events brings together a mixture of amazingly documentary, controversial and fiction that is too energetic to appear to be bone-selective and ends in a brilliant and touching way. <br /> <br /> has been suspicious of Panah's films, but it hits the ass. Panahi is doing something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with the wishes of the people.
