In Iran, women are forbidden to participate in live sports events because they are afraid that their bad language is "spoiled", in the immediate vicinity of thousands of men, and the fact that there are no lavatories for the outdated stadium. Based on a real incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panah's expulsion follows six girls who are disguised as men refused in 2005 in a football match between Iran and Bahrain, which decides whether Iran will go to the World Cup. Leaving extreme and minimalist films that we are accustomed to in Iran over the last ten years, Offside is an overwhelming comedy with patriotic passion and universal appeal, but which contains enough subversive social commentary to justify its ban in Iran. <br /> <br /> With a digital camera, using non-professional players who are more than just a task, girls try to hide in Tehran's Azadi Stadium, but they are arrested and placed outside the stadium. They are guarded by three young military conscripts (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abad and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express the ambivalence of their mission, but have promised to follow the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists, and rejoice in Iran's victory, but this does not prevent soldiers from holding them if they are waiting for girls to be transported to the sub-platform and uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Instead of talking about the victims, they are asking the soldiers constantly about the reasons for the restrictions, making their absurdity quite obvious. Though they can hear the crowd, women do not see this activity, but gain a small victory when they convince one soldier to give a current comment about the game. One of the funniest sequences occurs when a female "prisoner" sends a soldier into the men's room. Young people are recruited when they have to prevent someone else from using the tools when the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Gradually, paraphrasing Adlai Stevenson, what unites them to be greater than what they share, and improbable antagonists rally behind their country and grab the victory that sends Iran to the World Championships. Though this point is done early and often, and the film tends to be centered, Offside is thinking about a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality must fight with the growing educated and politically smart citizens. One can only hope that the pressure of the world and the awakening of its people will force the atolls to reach the 21st century.
