I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during the 2006 World Cup actual competition, Offside works great in comedy and tragedy. The film is followed by the happiness of a group of young women trying to try a football match at Tehran's Azadi Stadium. Islamic religious leaders in the state have decided that women should not sit with men at sports events so that they do not come into contact with horrors and other morally questionable behaviors. It hasn't stopped the country's young female fans who continue to use different gimmicks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been caught and is being held agonizing close to the action. They are asking for boring soldiers who guard them, that they go or at least let them see the game. The soldiers tell them that they should not have tried to get there so they could watch the television at home. They are playing almost in real time when the game continues, just off. <br /> <br /> There is one very funny sequence where a young soldier comes with one girl in the toilet. Since there are no female toilets in the stadiums, he has to empty all men from the room before he allows him to go. Plus, she does her face so that no one can see she is a woman. This is accomplished using a poster of Ali Daei, an Iranian football star, with holes in the eyes that have been pulled out. <br /> <br /> You have the real feeling that even soldiers are banned from confusion and will only do so to speed up their compulsory military service. One soldier complains that he had to be on vacation to take care of his family members in the countryside. Gradually, girls and soldiers talk to each other, and there are many small sects on both sides that show that they are basically good people living in a terrible situation. At the same time, the constant reminder by the soldiers that the "chief" is on the road, is in danger because we do not know what kind of punishment women face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, known for their strong visual image, Offside is filmed in a realistic style without artifiche. In fact, the film was made on 5 June 2005 during the actual qualifying competition against Bahrain. The "plot" was determined in many ways by the result of the pitch. If Iran won the game, they would qualify. If they disappear, they wouldn't. Since the World Championships have come and gone, I don't think it's a spoiler that Iran won the game. At the end of the film, the scenes of celebration were real and spontaneous, which gave the film genuine authenticity. Seeing how much it meant to the Iranian people was deeply moving. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, one young woman also refers to seven fans who died on March 25 during the Iran-Japan race, just a few weeks earlier. They were killed by the police after the police began spraying the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that it was a tragedy of real life, another level was added to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to go into a long political tact, but this film gave me the real hope that in Iran, who are hoping for change and working on it. Iran is a youth nation and it is only a matter of time before they replace their parents in the political field. Such films show the pride of the Iranian people, despite their current difficulties, and that is my sincere hope that they will have a brighter future in the future.
