I have to be honest and say I bought this movie, not because of its content, but because David Cubitt is in it; I know ... low or what? - But, come on, Mr Cubitt is a fantastic actor lightly. <br /> <br /> I really didn't know what to expect from watching this movie, I read the second record and on other sites, but I have to say I was pulled into the world by the brothers. David Cubitt as Theo and Colm Feore as Ryan is as believable as two strangers, moves through their relationship as they begin to get to know each other after the death of their fathers. The style in which Theo explains that Ryan is gay, played great, he literally walks into the scene and tries to leave without notice - which of course he has. <br /> <br /> The film is very well researched and is therefore incredibly sad, touching, ascending, and celebrating parts of life. I became sad about this feeling that Ryan went through, but also with the knowledge that the former drug addict Theo was given hope and unconditional love. I agree with other reviewers who find a scene where Theo says he's a daddy, and I'd like to say a little more that I'm really singing my thoughts in Ryan when he says brutally to Theo. watch the father ”and Theo simply says" You ". Theo then walks away, but this little exchange of conversation largely talks about Ryan's almost self-regrettable aspect, which is sharply raised by a simple retort. management, writing, etc. are so well done. I can't say anything about this movie except to say that it is very difficult to deal with the death of a loved one, but it is done perfectly, infinitely. Respecting this theme and withdrawing love (without being frightened and mawkish) speaks in this rather selfish world in which we live today. Well done to all involved. <br /> <br /> Not many movies take me to tears and give me a break to think about life in general and to be happy for all the things I have and what is not sad about these things. I don't do it, but this movie was working, it was incredibly surprising given the substance.
