Anna (Ursula Andress) is R.N. former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), seemingly seeing an aging widow, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), after a heart attack. But Benito is in fact leading a group of heirs and businessmen, including the American entrepreneur, Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with rear motifs, which Anna hopefully reflects with Count. She has women who are well loved, and would actually be a little more "vulnerable" when she is healed. Bad guys get on track because Anna doesn't go past and grow closer to the count. Finally, it can be said to be ironic, but it is probably more predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much on the plot - this movie is completely erotic comedy from start to finish and oh how good. There are many nude scenes, including Anna and Jole, one of the malicious heirs played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are remarkable former Continental Bond women and thus fulfill the fantasies of male viewers. As he did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays femme fatale, somewhat less elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is to give (slow) a full strip and jump into bed with young Adone, the "second patient" (who is incredibly opposed), trying to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this point he is already double (better) because he has decided not to miss. However, Benito has more than two timings with women who have both Anna and Jole in the past and long flings. The best erotic scene follows an intermediate (to put it mildly) argument between him and Jole. This is a standing meeting where Luciana is just a black underpants. Another nice thing about Ursula is swimming in the naked pool. The Count is free as a client to put his hands on where he wants Ursula, and he uses it. Hey, somehow I've returned to the names of the actors in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women are the chase of a fun naked wine cellar. "Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it is enjoyable without interruption, begins to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
