Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving woman (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). He also promised his parents to stay in their large apartments in New York. But somehow he thinks his life is somewhat empty. One day in town, he sees Charlie Fireman, the roommate of his old college. Which Alan hasn't seen Charlie over the years. When Alan tries to contact Charly again with friends. Charlie is a lonely depressed man who hides his true feelings from people who care about him. Because Charlie suddenly loses his family in a plane crash, they were on an airplane on September 11, 2001. When Alan felt almost calm with Charlie. When Alan mentions the things of his past, Charlie Alani turns to someone who mentions his dead family. Now Alan is trying to help Charlie and try to make her life a little easier. But Alan explains that Charlie talked about his real feelings harder than expected. sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance that Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is great as usual. Pinkett Smith is good if Alan's supporting husband Liv Tyler is also good because the young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows are pretty good as a beautiful strange lonely woman with Alan's wild drunk. Unfortunately, this film was a boxing responsibility, despite having some good reviews. The pain here is first-rate, the writing and the director are great and Russ T. Alsobrook's terrible widescreen cinema. The film has excellent NYC locations, which make the city a beautiful city in New York to view. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a sharp anamorphic widescreen (2.35: 1) and good Dolby Digital 5.1 Space sound. The DVD also has a jamming session with Sandler & Cheadle, featurette, photo montage and previews. I had waited more for DVD features, such as the driver's audio comment line and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is definitely one of the best films this year. I'm sure this movie seemed big on the big screen. Unfortunately, I haven't had the chance to see it in the theater. But it is also a movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces in support roles and bit sections. Even the director has a bit of a part, like Byran Sugarman, who is himself an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the underestimated images of this year. It's also Sandler's best films from my taste, "The Wedding Singer". Don't miss it. HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 *****).
