Most who go to this movie have an idea of ​​what it is; The man loses his entire family and even his dog from Boston since the fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably don't know before seeing this movie is: How it feels; What do you do with it; and how would it affect you and your awakening day? The story opens painfully slowly from the gate and then warms well when it reaches a low speed, while the recently updated relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former college roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) strengthens and begins to take shape. In this film, there are signs that appear to be obligatory at first and not well developed, but actually remain in the story, and you find that the simplicity of each character makes this story credible - and accurate. Real people live in a real situation where they can do little but stand aside when one of them breaks down. For the first time, Charlie's pain in the soul is obviously visible and growing as we learn more about his character? one layer at a time with light and weight combinations. It is such a fine performance that he hits you and enters your head when you look at him on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is equally subtle and very Don Cheadle. Always traceable, simple, what happens when Cheadle's screen speaks of his perfect action skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is textured gentle, just as the situation requires. Fineman does not want friendships or anyone who invades his living environment, but at the same time, Alan's unique feature is simple and honest to intrigue even a hermit, like Charlie. It's Alan, whose job is to gently open Charlie's carefully closed life. There is a inherent risk in the process. The more Alan jokes about Charlie opening up, so that it would include the services of a friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), the closer there is the risk of Charlie pushing over the edge. This is the abyss that Charlie speaks of every moment of waking and what he has learned to navigate through failure. He has denied everything that was there for him to get lost. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he cannot deny. Sandler pulls his character so deeply in the appearance of the story that when he meets his demons, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan stands next to Charlie in all of this demanding process where he runs the risk of letting his perfect home life. (Jada Pinkett Smith) Alan sees Charlie inward recovery and recognizes her silent screaming at the death of independence and the boy she has lost, becoming a man. His reward, which helps Charlie help him lose himself again. The theme is very similar to The Fisher King; another story of a man who isolates himself from madness and disappearance. Like Fisher King, the story comes to the traditional, everyone has a theme. Reign Over Me Lidia Sinclair (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in Fisher King) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows) wife at Johnson's breakdown and sketchy patient, who is simply unstable to complement Charlie's frenzy of madness. This is a good story, but one element is probably most likely to be real. Then maybe there is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
