I didn't really go over "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from a director or story. I think the plot was easy enough. This guy, the whole family, died on September 11, and he turns the world out of his life. All right. I didn't know if he was going to use terrorism as a platform that speaks about it or other related issues, and it really isn't very obvious, so if you're afraid to surround it with political opinions that may differ from yours, I don't worry about it . I think writing was even a point where the eleventh September was not explicitly mentioned. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor and is very sharp, but it is definitely a drama where it reads. I usually don't want to think that comic artists can't really act, but sometimes we are honest, they are. Adam Sandler is surely able to do this (and although I think you disagree, Jim Carrey is also very well rounded ... sometimes). Sandler's idea of ​​Charlie Fineman took a sign that seems completely unreal on the surface and makes it completely believable. I read a lot of comments criticizing Alan Johnson's writing (Don Cheadle in another great role, if not one of his last pictures) with whom Jada Pinkett Smith plays well, calling him static and numb, but it is completely unfair. <br /> <br /> He is deep, but some of it lies behind the main story that occasionally moves and focuses. (Which also reminds us of some very unusual transitions that were already happening at the beginning of the movie, about the strange "Make Everything Fail" fadeout. After about the first 40 minutes they are no longer used. ) The film will gradually unfold the story (one of several, but certainly the most explicit), which is that sometimes people have to deal with their grief. in their own way. Maybe it seems unusual to us, maybe it looks like it's totally unhealthy, but maybe some people want to forget more than anything. Just exist. The soundtrack of the film was great and used music to achieve and complement the moods, not to create those that give hope to actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The movie is called "Love, Reign O'er Me", from The Rock Opera Opera, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant for the actual story, but it is used to the extreme end and end of the film. The film is very fast and does not feel that it is anywhere in the length of just over 2 hours. If you accept Adam Sandler's imagination of this deeply overwhelmed and broken man, you will enjoy the movie. You get confused with the story and you really feel the characters of every minute. It is not the best film of the year and it has nothing to do with groundbreaking or positive amazement, but it is a very enjoyable, observable film, all together.
