On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2 819 lives ended very hard. They were sacrificed for hijacking aircraft by extremists whose only task was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film looks closely at the four people whose lives are shortened by the disaster and the one whose life was broken by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 because they were on their way to Los Angeles. Eventually destroyed by events, he eventually loses everyone who remembers him from his former life; including his in-law and his best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). She is completely denying her and doing her best to forget her former life. It continues until he enters his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) whom Fineman doesn't remember. Two are starting to catch up, but Fineman believes that people are sending Johnson from their former lives to persuade him to seek help. Fineman slowly restores Johnson's confidence. <br /> <br /> Although all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is on the wrong track. He is a self-employed (dentist) who helps to start dentistry. One day his patient, Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows), tries to move with him, telling him that he wants to do oral sex with him. This is an unwanted surprise to Dr. Johnson because he is a married man with two children. As she arrives home from work a certain working day, she sees her old friend (Fineman) and tries to put her down. He's unsuccessful, but he gets another chance and convinces Fineman to come with him, even though Fineman doesn't know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is the use of music as a motive. One of Fineman's physiological crabs is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open his past or talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts his headphones on and drives the world with his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I mean, how can I cope with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such tragic events. This is something we don't really think too often. We always think they are there and we often take them for granted, whether we are going to or not. We usually understand how important they are when it's too late; such a blow can destroy someone physically, emotionally, and physiologically. I really don't know how I could solve something like that. Can I see the problem head over, cope and move on with my life or just have my headphones and block the world?
