Time and again it seems that Hollywood comic artists are surprising me as their dramatic performers: first it was Robin Williams {'One Hour Photo (2002)', then it was Jim Carrey {Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) "is one example}, Will Ferrell {Stranger as Fiction (2006)" and now Adam Sandler. Yes, it is absolutely right: the boy who has started his career in making the comedies of the peoples {I do not complain; I've always been a fan} has finally given me a performance that he can be proud of. Of course, some readers may ask what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)", but I can assure you that this is the film I am taking to see it as soon as possible, because I've heard it terrible. My first film directed by Mike Binder "Reign Over Me" is a smart and respectful study of grief and friendship. Although it is occasionally misleading to a whole too familiar territory, the somewhat predictable story turns out to be surprisingly deep and moving, with both Sandler and Don Cheadle giving memorable productions. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he is unable to communicate adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and so his marriage is trembling. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former college roommate, a man who lost all his family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and who are still confronted with their overwhelming grief. Charlie has given up her dental career and spends her time alone: ​​listening to music with headphones that cut everything from the external environment, driving around Manhattan in her motorized scooter, dipping her into fantastic video games, and arranging her apartment's kitchen repeatedly according to the final wishes of her dead wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, having completely abandoned his memories before his vivid experiences. Indeed, he does not even recognize the existence of his family and suddenly loses his mood if he wants to be counseled. <br /> <br /> Initially, it can be violent for filmmakers. Using the September 11 attacks as a storytelling device. Wouldn't it be as devastating as Charlie's family would have died in a normal daily car accident? However, if you think the director's intention was to show the tragedy of the enormous pain caused to ordinary citizens, Reign Over Me is doing a great job. It has easily fallen into meaningless statistics that you forget the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11 film I've seen to really deal with the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only anxiety was caused by the loss of the people they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising choice in a difficult role that would be broken if he hadn't done the job. Charlie Fineman is a person between joy, anger and depression, with whom we can deeply sympathize, a hollow soul, who, at the end of an old friend's companion, can finally see the light at the end of a dark, dark tunnel.
