May be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family's tragedy (the 11 September terrorist attacks), still pushes their deaths. He runs to his former college roommate Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and two are reviving their friendship. Alan promises to help his old friend's terrible damage. This is the basic story of Reign Over Me simplification. <br /> <br /> This movie is, however, a story of how our fate intervenes when we can be in a state of our own. Alan is stuck in life, which he no longer knows. She feels friendly and touching her reality. She can't communicate with her husband and her associates. He cannot express his feelings and, as a result, seems to have disappeared and far from his world. He can drive from Charlie on his streets in Manhattan. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie (who does not remember Alan initially) lives in his own wrong reality. Charlie has gone back to her life when she had no family. He lives as if he was still a student who plays in a rock band, collecting vinyl ads from 60's and 70's bands and playing video games. He has escaped in his life to a better and safer time with no bad guys and much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is somehow affected by the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his remission in the past to different and right (?) Places. His homeowner is his protector and a great maker. His laws are separated from his life because they would bring him back to reality that his family has now left their lives. And Alan has most influenced her, because Alan wants (in the beginning a selfish desire to escape from her reality) to be Charlie as a tool to separate her from her stifled reality, and then she wants to find a way to help Charlie recover from her self-induced guilt and loss. It is through this relationship that Charlie is not able to heal herself, but actually Alan learns to communicate and her real desires with her associates at work, and eventually she can confess her wife. he was able to convey his real feelings to him, but he wants him to love him. In fact, the film has an amazing moment when the stuff has hit the fans and Charlie is facing the reality that he has been forbidden to talk to him and Alan about the situation with "Chinese", which Charlie claims to be the fact that he is worried about Alan and not for yourself. <br /> <br /> This movie, when you shoot, takes you through a river of emotions and leaves you thinking. He laughs as Charlie uses his words as people actually do in everyday life to make a comic factual statement about the real situation. It leaves you on the edge of tears (real tears in my case) when Charlie faces her grief and starts to lose her tremendous loss. And that the tragic reality is actually his fault, and the disappearance has never really left him and he did it just as he knew: denial. It puts you in the cold, thoughtless action of the curse that tries to win his "case" (as I actually listened to Charlie!) And it makes you smile in the minds of the old and wise stern judges, (Donald Sutherland, who is great in his short stand-alone role and gives the best result to a clever, strict person in the legal profession, as Wilford Brimley played the assistant attorney in the absence of Malice.) <br /> <br /> The film was also amazing for some other reason: (1) I never looked at my watch while the movie was showing . This means that I had me from start to finish, (2) Although interracial was cast, this fact was not important in playing the roles of film characters. Race was not a factor in the roles of this film. Amazing people can actually point out this fact! and (3) the only real reference to September 11 is when Charlie's financial adviser refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss, "Charlie's got 9/12". Time is a real test of how this film looks like in the future, but if the film's goal is not just entertainment, but making one thought and staying in the movie long after leaving the theater, then Reign Over Me obviously succeeded in my eyes. I have not forgotten this movie of provocative thinking yet, and I look forward to the day when I can buy it on DVD.
