Reign Over Me is the result of the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While dramatic comic actors have been considered somewhat troublesome, Sandler is no stranger to the more serious roles. Most of the characters he depicts have an unstable temperament and vulnerability that can burst at any moment. He may even write signs for characters with such hidden anger. But this performance has some significant weight, unlike its role in the comic, such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) leads Charlie Finerman (Sandler), a roommate of his old college, whom he has not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie wore overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters during an air strike. Charlie hardly feels the character of Cheadle because of the repression of his memories and the resulting parental lifestyle after the accident. It's not until Alan continues to talk to her that Charlie remembers who she is. The next updated relationship allows Finerman to be a friend who doesn't talk about his loss, allowing him to finally resist the thoughts and feelings he has suppressed under his conditions. <br /> <br /> Although the writer-director Mike Binder does not know the individual style, and some of his shots and transitions are a bit uncomfortable, he has the ability to get decent and great performances from his performers, being a talented and funny writer. He shot this movie with a digital camera because more and more filmmakers are doing today, allowing the team to capture night scenes with limited lighting. It kept New York's colorful focus in focus, but brought in frequent digital grain that resembled scattered and moving blue spots on the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost every Reign Over Me headline delivers excellent performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler in their role as Cheadle character and psychiatrist disappointed woman. But Sandler and Cheadle still do their best. They got this movie completely. Sandler actually plays a character that does not resemble outside and does not act like himself, partly credited with his Bob Dylan-esquire wig. Although Cheadle's character has more time than Sandler, they should both be considered as leading roles because they support and help each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music plays a major role in this film, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me", which was later discussed by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows his feelings and memories to Sandler, but this particular song evokes such an intense emotion that, by reducing his anger, he encourages his emotions. Everything, Reign Over Me, is an enjoyable, sad, and many times funny movie run by amazing leading performances.
