Love hurts. I think this is the main message that Mike Binder's latest film Reign Over Me brings. Whether this love has caused your relationship to remain unchanged or anger has led you to what you love cheating for years, or has broken your heart to not be able to open itself to the world, love hurts. The big thing about this movie, however, is not to depict the lost souls who are trying to let their past heart attacks, but to re-launch new bonds in the future. No one in this drama is perfect; they are all to some extent emotionally involved in the relationships they cannot release alone. There are some heavy material materials here and I trust that Binder will never make a political diatribe, but will put serious moments in real nice comedy to make the story characteristic and small compared to the epic incident that tends to overcome. What could have become a tritical tool for expressing opinions about how 9-11 were all influenced by us is the story of two men and the relationship they share is the only thing that can save their lives with depression and regret. br /> <br /> This is Adam Sandler's new career opportunity. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson was the first to see childish, pent-up anger in his stupid comedies as something to use dramatically. Billy Madison's character's minor allows you to laugh and potty humor, but it can also be used to show a repressed man, shy and off to the world around him, who is not sure he needs compassion to break his shell. Anderson gave Sandler just that his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder have gone one step further. Sandler plays Charlie Fineman, a former dentist, whose wife and three children were killed on a plane that took down 9-11 of the World Trade Center. The fact that one moment he shattered every life he had and as a result he became revitalized and believed that he did not remember anything that happened before that day. He really gives a moving portrait of a man who is trying to keep his head in his career, while around him, those who love him try to open him to reality, what happened and what is in the future. Always on the edge and ready for a moment when something is mentioned to ignite the memory of his dead family, he goes through his iPod and headphones, closing everything to not be bullied. <br /> <br /> Reign Over We don't talk about Charlie Fineman, it's a dentist and family member Alan Johnson. Johnson needs so much help in marriage and dental practice that both have become monotonous, Johnson needs as much help in his life as his old college roommate Charlie. Johnson has lost his backbone to try and change his life always with a great Don Cheadle. He has no friends and when he sees Charlie, casually, one day his life develops something he hasn't known for 15 years. She enjoys the opportunity to go with her old friend, no matter how much she has changed from her family's death. Cheadle's character wants to go back to college days when Sanding doesn't like it because it was all before she met her husband. The two men get what they want, and allow themselves to grow, despite the loneliness of their years that ruled their lives. When they begin to unfold, it is inevitable that the tragedy will slip up and test itself for the façade created for itself. <br /> <br /> Supporting casting is an amazing job of helping to lift two lines. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actor who impressed and the whole movie was played by harsh nails like a nice woman, but this is her last scene on the phone with Cheadle, which really showed me something else and true. Liv Tyler is a bit off of his psychiatrist's elements, but in the film he is invited to this fact and makes a wrong, perfect cast. Many small cameos are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sander's old best friend and accountant (my only handle is why does he feel the need to put his name as an open-credit actor, if it is everywhere, this being his film) . Last but not least, the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actor and plays a loved crushing divorce, trying to put her life in an amazing way. The role that at first appears to be a comic, but comes to be an integral part of being. <br /> <br /> Binder has designed one of the best dramatic lessons I've seen for a long time. The direction is almost flawless (the obscuration of chunks and characters on the front panel and the background is very disturbing at first), the actor's great and in itself the right story. associated bow. Even the music was fantastic and it was used to not lead us emotionally (why after two great uses of Binder's song made by The Who found it necessary to use the lower Eddie Veddar remake until the end, I don't know, but it was unfortunate for me). Reign Over We are a film about love and how it can lead to the worst imaginary pain, but it can also regret us and allow us to see the world as a place of beauty and hope.
