Is everyone sure familiar with this most famous fetus? A heartless businessman on a Christmas Eve visits his dead partner's ghost and warned that if he continues in his hidden ways, he will be put to death by the chains. In order to avoid his partner's fate, he is visited by three spirits who show him the vision of the past, his presence, and the future of Christmas, so that he will hopefully see his road mistake before it is too late. You might think of a rather ill story, but it's classic Charles Dickens, as well as one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the final version of Dickens' timeless story; this is what I always remember at school, and I remember it is completely frightened! Jacob Marley's ghost, the last scene with a Christmas race under the bridge and Christmas ghost still came, especially I found very scary. How was the "U" film certified? (For non-UK readers, "U" is the lowest classification, meaning family-friendly and children welcome, nothing to scare, etc. This is certainly not the case, as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment to be appallingly appalling especially about the segment that is rarely seen in the adaptation of the original text movies - the ghost of Christmas contest, which shows the children hidden under Scrooge's two dresses (you could never come down with today's scene) The children are ignorance and need (although this film has become a wish in this movie). <br /> <br /> For me, criticism has emerged, following it with more objective and trained eyes, the main one being George C. Scotti Scrooge Imagine not just cold enough. She laughs too much ada, because of course Ebeneezer is nothing but he seems to be just a terrible old man, not a positive, unpleasant, cold and reckless person he is in the book and in other films. Patrick Stewart was a great figure in one of the most recently filmed versions, and Michael Caine, despite acting beside Muppet, was a cold. In addition, it is not convincing and seems to be the formation of a character during the film, when he learns more about his path error and grows towards redemption. He seems to have changed little until he reaches the final hour of the third spirit. Christmas movies should be. Of course, London looks like a perfect, picturesque, beautiful, snow-covered English city, which many Americans probably think is still there (the truth is, even if London was gray and gloomy? And every snow would never have been so white!) And everything is so well dressed, even poor people look pretty inadequate. But of course this is a Christmas movie, so why not all should be beautiful? Perfect viewing of rest time; with this wonderful copy of life, a miracle on the 34th street and a snowman and you have everything you need.
