This modern movie man with a sense of humor is a fun and tortuous sequel to the plot, provides a story of surprises, dangerous characters and great entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathy honestly, from a modest hero or how he tries to navigate his way out of the terrible dangers he finds, so all you can do is fix your seat belt and enjoy the ride. <br /> <br /> The story of a normal man who makes a bad decision and then finds that the setbacks push him into an uncontrolled sequence of events that he cannot free himself is a pure film noir. The same is true of murders, fraud, corruption and dual issues that are widespread. There are also many familiar visual visual motifs, such as cigarette smoke lighting, night-moistened roads, heavily shaded interiors, and shadow lines (created bone doors) over people's faces. / / <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), an injured war veteran, without money or job, stops at the Red Rock Bar in Wyoming and is wrong when owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) is hit by a man who has arranged his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Music, of course, a reluctant person, does not make Wayne misunderstood, especially if he could use the work and initially do not understand what he should do. After being told what his mission is and having been given $ 5,000 prepayment, he goes to Suzanne and warns him about Wayne's plan. He does not seem too concerned about the danger he has and offers Michael twice the fee that Wayne had offered to remove his wife. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take money from both sides and leave the city. His plan, however, fails when he accidentally drives a man who stands in the middle of the road and decides to bring him to hospital for treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things become more complicated when it turns out that the patient is a lover of Suzanne and has two balls in his stomach. This leads to the involvement of local law enforcement officers and the revelation that Wayne is Sheriff! From that moment on, things will become even more complicated and definitely more dangerous, especially if the real batsman, Lyle Dallest (Dennis Hopper) comes to the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has some great moments of moments (an example of this is the scene where Michael makes his escape from Wayne's bar) and also some very big productions of its very strong pain. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing as he responds to various situations of anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a deceptive character who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is intimidating because it is a murder offense (the role he plays with great pleasure) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks cold and calculates that it is a femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also offers good support and a sense of humor at its fire point as a nonsense driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, Red Rock West was originally designed to ban general cinema release, but has rightly been from its modest beginning to finally recognize it as a big movie that it really is.
