What we have here is the damn good nineties triller, which, although perhaps absent, still provides all the entertainment throughout the entertainment and does what you might want to do with such a movie. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a very underrated director behind a great thriller, such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought it would be worth watching if this film was what I have already seen from a director - and Red Rock West is definitely a film Dahl can be proud of. At the heart of the plot is too moral Michael; a man traveling across America looking for a job. He will find it one day when he stumbles at the Red Rock County Bar - the only catch is that the job is to measure a man's wife. He's been wrong with a murderer named Lyle, but instead of doing that job; He plays both sides against each other and ultimately plans to escape. But his attempts to escape have failed and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle rises ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to be thrilling thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier to Kill Me in Binging and again for almost ten years with this movie Roadkill. It is not difficult to understand why Dahl chooses such a location because it gives a thrilling atmosphere to the thriller. Dahl also offers his film "Film Noir" as an atmosphere because the main focus of the plot is the central character, and the word he has come across is full of dark and mysterious characters. The action is very good, because Nicholas Cage plays a leading role in the excellent work and got Class A support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; who instructs the screen again with its top score. It has to be said that the other side of the film is not as catchy as the first, but Red Rock West is never boring and the way Dahl organizes the big final is great because all the central characters will be part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a movie that you probably won't. It's an exciting collection, and you can't ask much more!
