The West London television and film production company Ealing Studios claims to be the world's oldest film studio. Although it has consistently produced films and TV shows since the 1930s, its golden age was certainly 1948–1955, when it released a number of comedy masterpieces, many of which were great with Alec Guinness. Such well-known names include "Whiskey Galore! (1949), '' Passim to Pimlico (1949), 'Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949)' 'Mount Lavender mob (1951)', 'The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)' and 'The Ladykillers (1955)'. 'One of Ealing's most loved films,' The Man in White Suit ', was released in 1951 and celebrated Alec Guinness as a brilliant inventor of Sidney Stratton, an engineer of remarkable fabric that unexpectedly makes more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unfair, but has a lot of scientific talent. Due to his underestimation, the only jobs he is able to get are a carer or a worker in any of the big textile industries where he secretly tests his own money and equipment. After countless times, Sidney is convinced that it is only a week away from a major scientific discovery that changes the textile industry. Inspired by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), a textile factory owner, is interested in exploiting Sidney and agrees to fund further work. After a series of unsuccessful attempts and quite a few explosives, Sidney finally reveals her amazing work: an almost luminous white fabric that can never get dirty and never wear. <br /> <br /> When Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, he was very disappointed. The most powerful bosses in the textile industry, led by the weak Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), combine to ensure that a revolutionary invention that can disrupt their businesses completely never goes into full production. In the same way, the humble workers hear about the work of Sidney in the union and tried to exist, for their work. However, the inventor is convinced that permanent fabric brings relief and happiness to many, and refuses to forgive the demands of others, despite being threatened with violence and offering compensation of £ 250,000. In all his worries about announcing his invention to the media, only one person in Sydney offers his full compassion and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who deals with someone else's marriage, but still falls in love with Sidney's situation. The "White Costume Man" is a smart and fun comedy that is a great funny script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a peculiar and charismatic performance from the incredible Alec Guinness. There are also some swipes with good events in capitalism, and how big industries can keep up the pace of their monetary situations, although we can certainly see the arguments of both sides.
