I think Ealing is the best comedy and one of my favorite films. Employees v. The issue of governance (where much is said about trade unions and rights) may from time to time be a bit of a movie, because it is no longer a topic that was so much discussed, but it does not prevent the "white suit" from showing up to stop classic. <br /> <br /> A plot where a man tries to create a revolutionary new fabric that gets confused with the textile industry does not sound exciting when the film is written, but the film keeps that important fantasy confused. a reality that marks it as a true Ealing comedy. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear out! The elite white suit worn on the other side of Alec Guinness will become a central part of several iconic images and sequences, such as Guinness, who can use his indestructible threads to scaled up a clean wall! The script itself is full of dry spirit - "Is he all right?" "Yes." "Damage." - and characterization is the first rate. I am always surprised by the wonderful direction of these films. The comedies of later epochs took the "look at the camera for the actors and let them out" mentality, but the films of Ealing always tried interesting lighting and corners and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is cast, which raises the material to dizzy heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastically undervalued way of displaying the eyes of wonder, joy and destruction when the story requires it. Stratton is a man who is unaware of everything except his work. Such insularity can quickly become boring or irritating, but Guinness likes it so much that the film's closing stages create real urgency when Stratton tries to reach the top in a world that wants to bury everything he has ever worked. Joan Greenwood plays your second strong female role and it is an absolute pleasure to watch it as usual with Cecil Parker and sliding Michael Gough; everyone laughs, not even trying. This is a comic British underestimation of his best. <br /> <br /> "The Human in White Suit" is an 81-minute glow of shine, a large plot of land, large cast, sparkling wine and healthy cynicism. Absolutely cutting edge.
