One thing that makes this Ealing comedy so funny is wise editing. Pictures that are considered essential for the most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This is known as the British underestimation.) <br /> <br /> Three cases: comic struggle has been changed like this. Alec Guiness has invented a new fabric that destroys the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to his office to try to sign a contract that gives up fabric control so that production can be suppressed. When he catches it, Guiness stays and turns to the door. Two men are blocking their way. "Excuse me," he says quietly, stepping forward. Two men are moving between Guinness and the camera. Cut. The secretary is sitting outside his desk. Silence is silence, until the buzzer starts signaling him frantically. She takes her laptop and opens the door to an internal office where the full-fledged Donnybrook takes place and the room is half-broken. Guiness opens from an open door. <br /> <br /> The next example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of the invention, Guiness creates a developed chemical apparatus, but instead of converting the test liquid into a new fabric, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab has been removed from all other jobs. Blasts continue. The ceilings are falling. Windows is blown. The investigator is sitting at his desk in a small office full of debris, with a bandage on his head. When the door opens, he jumps on foot. "Sit down," he says to his visitor, "There's another one at some point." It's amazingly amusing - and there's no explosion. It would be inconceivable now without a fireball and maybe a building that breaks down in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The last example, which consists of a series of fast and relentless cuts. Guiness has tried and is around the corner for office building people who want to sign it for a contract. Faced with two men who grab him, Guiness supports a firm expression. He hits the floor with an iron bowl. The chest is upside down and collides against the wall. The wall has a stroke duration of about one second. Another short metal shield hanging over the busts and falling down. Quickly cut the Guinness head, which rises into the frame. Two men who looked at the camera when the terrible brass collision and sounding sounds were cut off are cut off. Cut back Guinness. No one today would show Cojone that Guiness has been crowned with this film. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to continue. It's comedy, but it's all bitter under the fun. In solving problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He is against both the management and the workforce, neither of which proves to be of great benefit. And, of course, the economic consequences must be more than the cloth. "But the car that runs in water where there is something or something?" one of the employees asks. "Interested interests" commented on another employee, as Thorstein Veblen nods in his grave. What happens if our energy problems are solved overnight? When I embraced Exxon shares - and I think I do - I thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no more oil? Where the police and the FBI would be, if crime had to disappear unexpectedly? It's a thoughtful and very entertaining movie that is superbly targeted and edited. The list of performers is equal. Joanne Greenwood with this husky voice. Cecil Parker's fudge. Sweating Mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> First-class work around.
