"Deliverance" is a dead example of what wonderful films came out of the 70s. If your jaw has fallen during "Terminator" movie, are you really holy? I don't think so because you're there to see what new CGIs have been put together - plot questions aren't that. <br /> <br /> So many daily situations can not be intimidated for any reason, because there are many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ..... or walk in a dimly lit street. "Deliverance" is so frightening, because these innocent activities can be lethal in a heart attack. Getting into the backyard is fun? Anyone with this concept does not read the papers, looks at the news every day, and has not seen some other films that are serious about territories where outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the "Deliverance" workout did not inform almost everyone who was watching it, it was not a picnic, and "pigs like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <br /> I hate the concept of "hillbillies" because - as some "users" wrote - that harm entire areas of people who are very pleased as they know - without the intervention of modern life. Much has been done about "inbreds" - it is not sexual intercourse. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. But slipping around the city is extremely stupid for entering and giving an attitude towards a closed society. I know a lot of "mountains" - they are moral people when they leave. Their "justice" can be cruel if they feel threatened or humiliated, such as "justice" on the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take the right of canoeing and camping to legal places. <br /> <br /> "Fulfillment" was the last movie I found on Jon Voight to do some real action - I hope I'm wrong. He was very little paid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown but showed that he was able to make it fall. His action in "Deliverance" was great. This gave us a clear introduction to what ordinary people can do in the mountains, if necessary - but who wants to think today as "normal"? Her stifled stabbing at dinner was great. Wow! Burt Reynolds !!! You have to ask what took him to other sticky films? His masculinity, though erroneous, in this film determined the speed required to make it out of the desert - not only in the backwoods, but in the wilderness of everyday life. Ned Beatty was a star - his underwear might not be a "Versace" stitch, but his shattered power was perfect. As noted, he became stronger at the end of the film than any group. Ronny Cox played a moral man on his shoulders - every man should decide to do what is right. Several "users" have theorized that he had shot, or lost his balance when he came to the river - my theory is that he was so disgusting about the whole journey, he committed suicide. During the scene, no strokes were heard and Voight and Beatty could not find the wound. <br /> <br /> James Dicey certainly knows how to stave a fun story and was great as a sheriff - it was said he was so frightened by acting he drunk every day. His character saw that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but you also knew that they had no chance against the local jury, no matter how kindly they were dealt with in Aintry. He was also aware that the reasoning of the local people might be cruel. Fairness? - "Don't come back here." Not many "users" knew that the "hillbillies" movie was ever used when it was possible - which actors could better portray them? "Mountain men" were actually mountain men ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play. Better "Fighting Your Life". I've experienced some dangerous incidents and I'm happy to live outside of fear - your guys who feel your manhood raging can be my part. <br /> <br /> That we have absolutely destroyed and continues the indispensable areas of this country. To be able to look at your greatness in any media, it is amazing, but it leaves a bitter taste that some of them don't care about. The Los Angeles, where I live, is a great example: it is built directly into the wildlife territory and believes that people come to the animals. These are their legitimate habitats - we should leave them just that. Any wonder why coyotes and bears and wolves are traveling in the neighborhood? They are theirs. <br /> <br /> In some less threatening ways, we must all experience the lessons to be learned from "Deliverance" - that our advancements technologically do not understand supremacy. I would like to thank all those urban slickers who went to the desert to produce this modern classics so that they could scare me when I look at it. You may have a dangerous thrill - I will stay on TV. 30-out-of-10.
