Deliverance is a 1972 horror / thriller film by John Boorman of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) who are performing canoeing along the River Cahulawassee before the river is destroyed. Along the way, there is a raft (which is not meant) for the men to have unpleasant things. In spite of the nasty events in this picture, the beauty of the Boorman River is beautiful. The location was really well chosen. Indeed, it would still be a very nice movie to watch when the canoeing went smoothly. Lush forests and delicate landscapes make horror more terrible. It is not only picturesque, but also beautifully struck thanks to operator Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that the performance of Burt Reynolds as an alien, Lewis, is the star of this film. However, I think Jon Voight steals the exhibition with his role as a suburban family member, Ed, who is urgently forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the rock was not a rising scene player. It was Voight itself. Filming was not guaranteed to reduce costs and the actors did their tricks. The soundtrack is especially remarkable. The performance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on the guitar and banjo, which is part of the Dueling Banjos sequence, is still one of the strangest pieces of soundtrack in history to work perfectly. In a couple of other films, we treat more, softer, banjo music, which gives a very pleasant addition to the ride along the river. For all the good points of this movie, I found it a little flaw. It does not create tension very well and it is not as tough as we have believed. The plot itself is somewhat poor and it doesn't really go anywhere. However, this movie has good points to get a recommendation. I liked it, but there isn't much for gore fans. There really isn't. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that gets a little sour. Think of it like Rambo: the first blood corresponds to three men in the boat. Look very young Charley Boorman like son of Ed. I liked this movie, soundtrack, cinematography, and actors earning it from the well-earned 7 out of 10.
