If the film speaks to you with a disturbing, exciting atmosphere and grabs you at the throat with this amazing cinematography, you just know you've stumbled upon a masterpiece. While the most up-to-date movies are extremely enjoyable because some of them are really shocking, they are the strongest and the ones that are most critical and mostly commendable will stay with you for life. I proudly say that I'm a fan of distractions, not just horror movies, but those who send a vibe loaded with a prediction. Movies, such as distribution and disappearance, that send back your spine, make you think "the holy mess that can happen to me", and visually attract you, are in my favorite views with the movie. Because I'm only 21 years old because I didn't grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight, and Ned Beatty, though I'm familiar with them, I didn't look at them to grow and act as actors, unlike actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I have to say that, for the first time after a long leap and witness to Deliverance, I was so admired by the veteran actors in a movie that was made more than 30 years ago and still lives in the competition for today's movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lew, who is the leader of a group of four friends, who rides on a canoe ride in front of a fictional river before making a dam, filling the entire water body. Renyolds character is an experienced adventurer, sort of nonsense and full of mechanics. Feeling like a hard guy depicting him, he made me think differently as an actor because I have only seen him as an old boy or an angry politician. The dialogue the director offers for his character gives him enough malice to be a strong and even scary leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as beginner adventures, Drew and Bob. The actor I looked at thoroughly was Jon Voight, again I saw him only as an older actor, but unlike Renyolds, I have a rather pleasant Voight actor (and I don't have Anaconda when I say it), such as national treasure films. Voight is played by Ed, who, like Lewis, has experienced adventure, but is considered a more reserved, reluctant hero / leader and certainly no Lewis mechanism. The film basically opens with four small cities driving, asking someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river, while they are crawling along the river and in the camp. You'll get in the terrible sense of the mountainous characters we introduce, like the weird boy who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo" at the beginning of Ronny Cox's drew; and two more men in the movies in a central and disturbing rape scene. As with all atmospheric films, both the fear and the confusion of both the characters and the audience are filled from that moment on, and here we see that the characters change and change. The next canoeing is professionally taken off and here men are fighting against both human and nature's survival opportunities. The film's cinematic art doesn't let up, and I'm back to comment on a scene where Ed fights with a composite belt of a rape mountain man. When Ed falls to one of his arrows and notices that his enemy is approaching him, he drops his rifle, but lets him down on the floor when he falls with his neck arrow; it was possible that I saw the greatest cinematographic feature in the film. Offering Deliverance is one of the most frightening and atmospheric films that carry the mood all the time and is still one of the best films in the cinema.
