Deliverance is a stunning thriller, every time as exciting as every good thriller should strive for, but also stunningly frightening. Although not a horror movie, it is as terrible as any classic horror movie. The idea of ​​being a normal red blood male who enjoys the adventure on weekends of any form of civilization, only a few violent mountain passes, is definitely the worst nightmare for 99.9% of the world's population. It would have been easy for Deliverance to get into the exploitation area, but John Boorman has wisely refrained from passing this way and made a film that explores, doubts, and challenges the meaning of masculinity. With so many movies you want to go to heaven so you can step into the hero's shoes, make heroic deeds and save the day and become a girl .... but with Deliverance you come to God praying that you never ask to experience what these four protagonists are going through. <br /> <br /> Four city men - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - will go out in the desert to spend a couple of days under the stolen river. Boys sail in pairs and Ed and Bobby unintentionally get too far away from others, so they pull off the river and wait in the woods adjacent to their neighbors. Here they fall into two local woodlands (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward) who bind Ed with a tree, while one of them robs and rapes Bobby, who instructs him perversely to "scream like a pig". Lewis and Drew come to see, and Lewis, being a fair archer, kills the rapist while the other mountain beats in a hurry. In case of high emotional stress, four canoe drives decide to hide the event and get out of the area. But they find the river more and more dangerous for negotiating when they go downhill, and the danger to their lives increases as the surviving mountain ranges return to their hands with their rifle from an unseen viewpoint on the banks of rocks along the river. <Br / Expression is very powerful as a story of survival, but even more powerful (and more annoying) when a study of macho attitudes breaks down and left in humiliating taverns. Although all the performances are remarkable, special attention should be paid to Beatty's aspirations in the role that many participants would have lost. The film is very similar in style to the 1971 film Straw Dogs - both films deal with scarred sexual violence in isolated places, and there is no satisfaction in the violent vengeance required by both victims. A brief landscape background is beautiful to look at, but it also adds tension by placing four canoe nights in the environment where they are in the mercy of mountain balls and landscape. . It really is making a stop movie on your best.
