You can run Charles Dickens' A Christmas Caroli version with sock dolls and I'll probably watch it. Since I was a kid, it's been one of my favorite songs. Maybe this is the idea that everyone has a good one and that is why no one is beyond the redemption I like, but for some reason I never miss the opportunity to look at one of the timeless classic screen adjustments when they are on TV as they inevitably do it in the season. <br /> <br /> What makes this version really eye-catching is that it lies in its roles. The lines we've heard ten times in the past take a whole new intensity and every character in the hands of this wonderful ensemble becomes more realistic and credible. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was appointed Emmy in 1985 for this role. Instead of his eternal credit, he gave Scrooge a new interpretation of his most imaginative role in his dream, which I thought was one of his best performances ever. He wisely did not catch the British accent, but gave his lines in this famous gravel speech. His Scrooge is not just an old man (as he is so often depicted), but a man who holds a deep hatred against the world. As each of the three Spirits is visited, we understand how this anger is rooted, grew, and finally breathed. As he is forced to look through his life, we see him alternately as a softening, and then again as a constant impediment. And in a big dramatic scene, when he kneels and cries to his grave, he prays for mercy when he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and the desire to change his life, we see a man who is completely broken and brought his knees literally and figuratively . Scott has made Scrooge completely believable and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Impressive when Scott has reached, the supportive actors ensemble will greatly contribute to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is a great example of this. It is often portrayed as a joyful buffalo, played by Roger Rees, who has no previous images. If he wants Scrooge, "I'm not asking you anything. I don't want anything from you. Why can't we be friends?" We see his face not only in his disappointment, but in his pain as Scrooge's own isolation from his only living relative. It is mobile performance and one of the most dramatic scenes in the movie. <br /> <br /> Even more impressive is the spectacular performance of Jacob Marley, a late partner of the wonderful English actor Frank Finlay Scrooge. In most versions of this story, Marley's scene on the film tends to be a bit low, just because it's hard to imagine the dead in a convincing way and the results are usually just stupid (ooo, look, this is a scary ghost ....... no!) probably the most ripping scene in the whole movie. The entrance to Marley, when Scrooge's door locks open on its own and chain chains throughout the house, are terribly creepy. But Finlay Marley is not an essential spirit. He is a tortured soul that inspires both horror and harm. Marley may be a ghost, but her rage and regret for life's ruin that is wasted on prosperity, and her despair of her understanding that her sins are now to compensate, is still very human. As depicted by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the delicate Scrooge would be shaken by a spooky revelation. Finlay really steals the scene here, something that is not easy to do if you're against George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it goes on and on, a remarkable power after another, making it the first time you experience this story. Edward Woodward (remember him from Equalizer?) In turn, he is both cheerful and threatening as Santa's ghost. In passing the famous line, "it may be that in the eyes of heaven you have more worthless and less suitable to live than millions of such poor men," he is no longer a joyful substitute for Santa, but an avian angel who gives Scrooge much needed verbal beating. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a wonderfully stabbed Mrs Cratch and David Warner brings great depth to the long-suffering Bob Cratchit, a man who travels through a life with a triple cross. poverty, sick child, and inadequate boss. His face alternately shows his cheerfulness and sometimes his fatigue, bearing in mind the intolerable situation. Later, in a scene where Scrooge has been shown a Christmas ghost to come after the Crickit family after Tiny Tim's death, Warner's force, but barely speaking, takes you to tears.
