"Deliverance" is a brilliant compacted epic, a thoroughly modern group of men who begin canoeing to briefly interact with nature, and instead have to fight for their mind, life and perhaps even their soul. The film is well aged. Although it was done in the early 1970s, it doesn't seem to be particularly dated. It still has a visceral and iconic status as a "sixties death" philosophical and cultural impact vehicle. There are very few films that have similar visions that could compare it, even though the legendary Sam Peckinpah's stuff should be there. Yes, there has been a considerable debate and discussion about the film's most challenging scene (which I do not include here) - and undoubtedly one of the most dormant scenes in the history of cinematography - but what surprises about how achingly is beautiful at times. It seems to have been generally overlooked (still retrospectively). Cinematography, which captures the nature of the lost, fragile river nature, is often totally stunning and balances the film because, at the moment of a short madness, the spectators - along with their characters - get into a failed nightmare. “Deliverance's narrative is appropriately weak and blue, and it is surprising how quickly events start from their place of establishment to the crisis and the aftermath. It all happens very quickly, giving the film a very real urgency. The setting is effectively determined through the opening credit. The characters are all well drawn in spite of the limited time it takes to recover the story. We know they would know them just as they are, and eventually they fear them when everything goes to hell. The conflict and violence in the film seem to be unsuccessful somewhere and scary logic. This is the theme of the writer James Dickey - that all the prevailing romances concerning the essence of the perceived inherent nature of man can only die and die when instincts of barely pressed animals emerge. There are no demons or bogeymen here. The predators - like the central enemies of the film - are just the raw, horribly immoral cousins ​​of our main characters. They are shocking because their evil is small and tangible. The film has no peripheral signs. Everybody somewhat reflects the weaknesses and uncertainties of Homo Sapiens, urbanized in the last century of the 20th century, and everything is very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is a wonderful and almost deadly hypersensitive Survival, Lewis, in this movie, and it is a shame to believe that he was unable to recycle his brief moment of dramatic glory during his remaining sputtering - and below his career (except for Boogie Nights). Trust me if you are not a fan of Reynolds, it will be impressive here. John Voight is his usual effortless effort and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make a significant contribution to both. It's just a big participant. In conclusion, I have to speculate whether and when "Deliverance" is made by James Dickey's "White Sea". For those who enjoyed (?) This movie, the TTWS is a harassing story of the American Air Force pilot's fight for survival after he had fought over the Japanese continent at WW2. It is the typical darkness of existentialism and originality of the Dickey brand, but it has all the truly remarkable, poetic cinematographic experience. A few years ago, there was a suggestion that Coen's brothers could produce it, but in the end it did not get anything. Being enthusiastic about Coen-o-ph, it loses the idea of ​​what might have been if they had received a green light on the TTWS rather than the relatively undistorted efforts of the last couple. Going back to Deliverance, it is impossible to imagine such an honest, irritating brutal movie that is quite disgraceful. We, the cinema's ongoing public, are poorer for it.
