This story is spoken and re-spoken, and will continue to be imagined whenever possible. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken has been restored at any opportunity. I testify that I haven't seen the classic version of Alistair Sim and I'm sure one day I'd like to, but I would have blown it off even if it touched this wonderful eighties version. I believe that if Dickens himself had created the story of his film, that would be the case. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I don't go into much detail, because everyone has seen it in one form or another. The abundant, colorful, thoughtful, old man is visited by his former partner's ghost and warned of his average ways. To extend her, she is visited by three spirits, each showing her past and present with her past, present, and future. Finally, he understands it before he understands the path of his paths in a great way and is guilty of all the wrong actions he has done. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely, unquestionably perfect for this role. He keeps the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and embraces it and creates an incredible character. He is not just an average man, but someone who has committed certain situations in his life that has made him bitter and angry with the world. There is compassion within him, but he keeps it below everything else and is very involved with himself. Scott offers the role of perfection in Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does the leading role make this movie, but everything else is in place. This is the great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is revived before our eyes, sights and sounds, and you can almost feel the miracles of your face and market. Director Clive Donner creates this scene perfectly and leaves no imagination. I can watch this movie quietly and dazzle the landscape. This is not an outstanding landscape in itself, but it is real. The film takes us from the market of top traders to very unpleasant poverty and everything. <br /> <br /> The other majority fits their roles and brings their literary colleagues to life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his whole family, especially Anthony Walter's young Tiny Tim, was great. The odd one had their own special personality and its story in the dark mood. Christmas song is not an easy story. Dickens wrote this story in a dark time in England, and it is one of the few Christmass that is really blind, almost frightening, and it must be scary to frighten a man who has been so embarrassed for so many years. Against the backdrop of this movie, there is a feeling in the dark that this story is frightening, and to the end your spirits will lift up and capture the wonders of Christmas. The score of this movie is also something to be mentioned, because it is epic and great and beautiful to listen to, whether it is a real result or a Christmas music, everything fits together. Obviously, my favorite is that I want all Christmas singers to see my Christmas song. 10/10
