Marie: You're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are like me, it will go smoothly and the individual won't go together. You see someone you want so rare that it may be, and you want to say something, but you don't want to. Or maybe you say something, but it's the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. More often, but not, you look far and admire, without having to deal with what you most agree with, the only way to live everywhere in life? risk. You can't blame her for being a little scared. Maybe she's been burned before, or maybe she's trying to drive her entire energy into her career. There are reasons, some are valid, some are not, and all of them can be interpreted as an excuse rather than a reason. You tell yourself that you don't need it, or it's not the right time, but you still want it. Anyway, how you break it is not easy. Sound familiar? If you thought even a little bit, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, director Peter Hedges's new comedy, is a must-have. It reaches you and can somehow break your heart and warm it up. Dani's title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell). to live a balanced, satisfactory and morally uplifting life. Four years before Dan opened his film, he woke up to his day with the love of his wife and his life. After this tragedy, Dan left his three daughters alone. Finding this and focusing on his career was not one of Dan's priorities in finding love. And so it became more functional than feeling. Dan, who has been removed from the power of intimacy, no longer knows what it means to be close to someone and he has given up, never knowing it. This is until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in the book and deals in a shop in Connecticut on a quiet morning. They are interactions that are casual, comfortable, and both are trying to get away. There really is only one problem. He already sees someone. Unfortunately, everyone is involved, that is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His entire family has reached his parents' homeland during his annual visit, and Dan must now spend the weekend torture and longing to go with Marie in the morning. It only lasted an hour or so, but it only took so long for Dan to wake his heart from the coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest in the wheel), DAN REAL LIFE occasionally shifts away from his larger goals. While cyclone with children and parents and aunts and uncles makes Dan a catch-on procedure, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily to distract, provided that it ultimately makes a more complete film. Luckily, Hedge has a heavy load on Carelli. It is a pleasure to see Steve Carelli more and more with his pictures (despite the random size of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is a charismatic, charming and apparently sharp humorist. Like Dan, he is himself shrinking, uncomfortable and frightened. Carell is a rare comedian who pushes himself to find the character of his roles, not just his comedy instincts and a certain person. Perhaps more importantly, he is completely relative to Dan. Whether he's in the laundry room in the laundry room, where he's been asleep as the only adult in that reunion or a kitchen that is still unable to be worried, Dan is the man who has even been insecure and alone. Carell gives Dan so much hearts that he gets himself in the heart of the film at the same time. <br /> <br /> I was thinking of seeing the movie when I enjoyed it as much as I did despite my mild shortcomings (Juliette Binoche? I know you would like to lighten it now and every day, but I don't recommend it except when it comes to chocolate), because where I am in my life. Has anyone found that someone else gets so much meaning and comfort from this movie? I can not say. I say that DAN IN REAL LIFE knows who means it is lonely, what it means is that life and love are surprised and how these moments and people need to be valued and valued. It also knows that anyone who can feel alone on any day or month should be reminded that surprises are still there.
