Amazing and shameless modest 80-year-old exploitation, hooray! Pre-credit opening sequences give a somewhat false impression that we are dealing with a serious and harassing drama, but you don't have to be afraid, because hardly ten minutes later, we are in the neck of our necklaces in a futile battle, fierce fist fighting, Lurid dialogues and free nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned siblings with unusually close and even slightly perverse relationships. Can you imagine playing a shaved towel that covers your sister's bare body and then stare at your untold genitals for several minutes? Well, Bo does it to her sister and she decides her dubbed laughter at all. Sick, dude! Anyway, when the kids fled from Russia with their parents, but the nasty soldiers brutally killed mommy and dad. At the same time, a friendly smuggler has arrested them and even raised and trained Bo and Ingrid as smugglers. When the actual plot emerges, 20 years later, they face their final search because the mythical and incredibly valuable white fire diamond has been accidentally found in the mine. Very few things in life ever made as little as a "white fire" plot and narrative structure, but it is definitely fun to watch. In most cases, you have no idea who is beating, who or for what reason (and I will contribute to less understanding by the actors), but whatever! Violence is perfectly grotesque and the twists of each plot have slowed down pleasantly. The script goes completely to repairs as abruptly? and I have no reason? Bo needs Ingrid replacement and Fred Williamson enters the scene in a big cigar and slippery black fingers all over the local prostitute. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chick with big breasts, but a terrible accent, potty but memorable theme is at least twelve times throughout the movie, there is a mandatory "we'-fall-in-love" assembly and other loads of attractions! My God, which is a great experience. The original French title translates to "Life to survive", which is uniquely suitable because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: None!
