What you can say about White Fire. Amazing? Fantastic? Annoying? Fun? These words are not big enough to describe a white light. From an amazing, distorted beginning to a deep end, this movie is entertaining. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins in a country's forest. The family hides unmarked soldiers in costume uniforms. If the father is separated from the mother and their child, you will get a real sense of what kind of movie you are watching. Dad takes care to roll out the mountains in all his white clothes, and is polite when he gets people's attention before he fires them, but unfortunately the father is burned alive, which looks like a very unattended, dangerous stunt. At the same time, the mother and the children run down the beach, the armed soldier is behind them about 5 feet. He also gives a strange warning "HALT!" In the form and immediately destroys the mother. This sequence of activities creates a happy childhood for our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So let's move to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and about 20 years (if you're honest with the hero's age). Ingredients have become professional thieves or diamond workers or something. The Ingredo works in a diamond mine where he helps himself, while Bo (masterfully playing dynamic Robert Ginty) drives his denim outfits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They seem to have no other friends apart and they spend their entire time together. This, along with Bo's expression of a desire to sleep with his sister, as evidenced by the lines of "you know the shame that you are my sister," she tells her if she is a tough naked, very dynamic duo. Bo is crushed when Ingrid is killed when he travels with the pink grief of the Turkish ceremony. The renewal of hope happens when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery to look like Ingrid. It opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of ethical gray areas and he is happy about his new love. <br /> <br /> So anyway there are lots of fun scenes, ridiculous violence, big action, impossible to track plot trails, Fred "hammer" Williamson (for some reason) and big dirty ice, which should be a giant diamond (which later explodes ). All these things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid is what makes this movie special .... really special. So I encourage everyone to see the majesty of white light. You may be glad you didn't.
