The government he fought to recognize his loyalty to a promising and very much needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is for everyone who, like the Colonel, suffers from the abuse of a cynical and tempered society that strengthens itself by forbidding its citizens to live in dignity and purpose. Unlike the absurdity of waiting for GODOT, the Colonel gives hope and importance to his otherwise unhappy life in anticipation of his retirement. In the film, two things go by the Colonel, masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military pension will arrive one day and knowing that his son, Agustin, died for a great reason, for a reason other than drunken drunken crushed bunny. Estonia cannot be realized and forced to prove to the world that the colonel does the only thing he can do by training his son's fighting hat. The cock is now a warrior who can bring happiness and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic woman, but his fighter is the killer of his former owner, Agustin. Colonel Nogales, colonel and Nogales, in a tense confrontation between his son's killer, has paid enough money to make the colonel a full pension. But it's blood money; a fine to hide the fact that people in power have turned to their political ideals to fight and conceal the world that the son of a soldier's column was murdered because he wrote trade unions and a common man on the underground paper promoting labor law. Because of maximum dignity, Colonel rejects Nogales' offer, receives his fighting war, and walks so hard as his old feet carry him. When she is at home, Dona Lola, who is her folding woman, wants to know why the Colonel refused money if both were starving. In response to his continuing question: "What we eat until November (when the fall season begins)", Colonel replies, "Damn." Stool is what the poor and the unfair have eaten all their lives, and the stool is a meal that the Colonel wants to eat with dignity, knowing that he will never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel is waiting for the only glory and dignity of a person without principles in the world.
