After gorging themselves into the various seemingly immature movies purchased on the ex-rental DVD, I thought the time was right for the little serious drama and who better to offer it than Sam Mendes? For many reasons, "American beauty" is not as much as I think of this film, which is the darkest thing Tom Hanks has ever done, and probably one of the least undervalued films of the last decade. Because it's not a simple gangster story raised from its graphic novel origins and it's just wonderful to look at it. And despite my usual allergy to any movie where Tom Hanks' name is (still can't look at Big, without wanting to kick a cat), I'm glad I gave it to this test because it's one of those movies what you beat yourself when you forget it. <br /> <br /> Usually pure Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a devoted family, and a father of two sons who grew up in the early 1930s during the ban. He is also a professional striker for the chief of forces, John Rooney (Paul Newman), but has managed to keep his work secret from his sons. But after his parent (Tyler Hoechlin), who knows his father who is involved in killing a mob, the couple is forced to ride when John tries to sort things out. Soon the father and son will continue to Chicago, where they will be met by a comrade (threatening Jewish law). <br /> <br /> On this, it looks like a pretty gangster movie, but I've said it's not really gangsters at all. This is about the relationship between the father and the son who have been gathered in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is (* grits teeth *) great as a tortured man who finds everything is his price and a little Hoechlin is also good than Sullivan's son. To be honest, there are no performances that I could point out less than others - the majority are pretty bad. As well as cinematography and costumes (and not often appreciate costumes!), What restores the amazing effect of the 30s. There has been so much effort to get everything right and it costs spades. It would have been easy to see the garbage - they admit that it was hard to put off the early 30s - but it is not and it deserves every credit. Chicago especially seems fantastic, lined with hundreds of rickety cars in the era and filled with people in black and white suits and hats. True time, even if you need a small CGI. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often considered a stereotypical film cable genre. The law is surprisingly threatening as the almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves that you don't have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play the gangster. The film is probably noir-ish, the predominant rains and the wrong warehouses are predominant, but at least violence and killing are (finally) an emotional and psychological impact on those who have committed them and those who simply feel such acts. The whole thing is recognizing the previous age and previous films, but it wipes out the old and refreshes the story of today's redemption of the Tommy-Gun shootouts and blackmail rackets. It may seem a bit slow in places, especially if you're used to playing massive weapons in movies like the most modern viewers (as you really are), but sometimes words may be louder than activities. Mendes has won his Oscar for his debut, a movie that is as smart as it is beautiful to look at, a fine follow-up. "Road to Perdition" may not suit everyone's taste, but it is one DVD that I don't need to change.
