Being out of the heat flowing out of the house and the theater, I would not have been happy anymore. The Sam Mendes (American Beauty) led journey is meant to be one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just old; maybe I've just seen the same topics repeatedly in circulation. But this movie is really different. <br /> <br /> The story opens with the young Michael Sullivan Jr, who looks at the sea, considering the duality of his father's heritage - one of the best men ever living, one of the most evil. This duality tends to make its way across the film. The story revolves around the perpetrator, John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man Rooney once took in and who is now his personal "Death Angel". Rooney is tied to his son, but tied with love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., who cares about the stories he reads, steals one night in his father's car while his father goes to work with Connor Rooney, the heir of the family heir. Connor lets the situation go, and what was meant to be a warning only becomes a murder - witness to Michael Jr. After discovering that young Michael has seen what he shouldn't have seen, the movement of the plot at first is a controversial loyalty. Soon, Michael Sr., with his son, was contracted killer by Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not disclose additional details to avoid possible spoilers. However, I strongly recommend that viewers examine the many dualities in the film: problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr, John Rooney and son Connor) between the world at home and in the world of "working" between good and evil, those pretending to they are men of God, and between those who really are, "pure" money and "dirty" between the city of Perdition and Perdition, hell. And along the way, enjoy the visual brilliance of the operator Conrad L. Hall (9 candidates, 2 jockeys for the best cinematography): the rain drops the fedoras, lets through the mirrors (especially in the case of rotating doors), the tommy-gun flashes out of the shadows, there is no sound. Not only the 75-year-old Hall gave us his best career in cinematography, but 77-year-old Paul Newman ever offers his best performances. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I can get old. But I've seen a lot ... and it's fresh and lively. The road to road transport represents a lasting and loving respect for the genre of gangsters, 40's, dark comic books, darkness, villains and hero, American film in general. Look at this!
