I thought Sam Mendes' first film, the famous American BEAUTY, was a movie of style, wait until you see his very much anticipated second effort - relentlessly gloomy 30-year-old gangster melodrama ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics have valued this new film as a successor to THE GODFATHER, a rash decision made by several evaluators, due to the extraordinary technical ability of Mr. Mendes. If the film making mechanism makes the picture big, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant relative to the GODFATHER in terms of what it achieves in cinematography, editing, music evaluation and sound. It is not a resonance that all the great stories and some very rare films will remain with the viewer for a long time after reading or seeing. As with BEAUTY in America, the film's cold, distant feel, despite some very tense scenes involving father's love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story from a hit man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship with a substitute father - a figure who is also his boss - seems to have been killed by many older gangster films from an older Irish mobile phone leader (Paul Newman). The person / son motif that hangs on this image is so difficult that there is plenty of room for spontaneous treatment; the whole company has been very carefully processed and almost all the dialogue is given with great air, this is obviously a gangster film, so the violence and bloodshed is required, but the film has almost no humor to talk about; Only in scenes where a young boy rides to escape the car in a cleverly edited assembly, is any mind that creates a notorious infamous sense of notoriety. <br /> <br /> That said, I have nothing but the highest praise for the stunning of this movie; Indeed, it is not superfluous to say that this is one of the most beautiful photos and films I've ever seen. Veteran Cameraman Conrad Hall is likely to win another Oscar for his job. Production kits and costumes are just as exemplary; actually the whole movie is technical admiration. Mr. Mendes continues to marvel at the use of his lively color, and he and Mr. Hall are using red blood that is cracked on pale yellow walls, even more effective and disruptive, because black, blue and gray are predominant. film color schemes dominate. <br /> <br /> If I fail to act properly, this is not because the actors do not want to use themselves convincingly; all on the film are top-notch, paying special attention to two malicious bad guys: Daniel Craig is the classic "person you love to hate", the spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and almost unknown Jude Law as a particularly slender miscreant who continues to track down Hanks and his son and is very important on the other side of the film's riveting. But when it comes to movies, it has to be dazzling behind the fireworks displayed here. When Rolls-Royce was a film, I have no doubt that it would look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
