This 1984 version of Dickens' classic A Christmas Carol, directed by Clive Donner, stands for George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooget. By that time, the filmmaker was challenged to take such familiar material and make it fresh and fresh; and, to put it bluntly, with this film, Donner not only met the challenge, but surpassed any expectations anyone might have. He speaks the story accurately and in detail and makes extracts from his actors that are nothing but superlative, especially Scott. It can be argued that the final depiction of Scrooge - one of the most famous signs of literary fiction - has ever been created by Alastair Sim on the 1951 film; but I think his result is here, Scott has now achieved this distinction. Scrooges have such purity and honesty that it's hard to think of another role when you have done it; Simply put, he is Scrooge. And what tribute he has to the talented actor; in order to be able to take such a well-known drawing and make it so unique, it is wonderful. It is a pleasure to see the actor's trade so well that he can make such a real character, from every word he says to the best statements of his face, and make it all so true. This is a perfect study. <br /> <br /> The other cast members are also great, but then they have to be back in order to maintain Scott's performance integrity; and they do. Frank's finlay is Jacob Marley's ghost; significant in turn, though not as memorable as what Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome vision of the Spirit of Christmas; Edward Woodward, big and spicy, and utterly convincing as a Christmas holiday; and Michael Carter, gloomy and intimidating, like the spirit of Christmas, but coming. "David Warner is just getting a better character with his Bob Cratchit, sincerely paying attention to the role that is good at Scott's Scrooge and Susannah York pricing as well as Mrs Cratch. The real pearl found here is the performance of young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; it is cordial without becoming a maudlin, and just one of the best interpretations - and most realistic - ever presented on film. <br /> <br /> Great supportive casting includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell and narrator) film), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). Inadequate presentation, this version of "Christmas Island" sets the standard against which everyone else has to be judged; no matter how many versions you have seen, looking at it the first time you see it. And forever, after you think of Scrooge, the picture your mind reads, George C. Scott. A thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience, this film requires every home in the annual plan of holidays. I appreciate this one 10/10.
