Wow ... I mean WOW that it must be one of the best stories I've ever had the chance to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, go to the trained forbidden cursed spring and ignore their warnings that both will fall into the spring. Dad, Genma, Sunken Panda Spring. And 16-year-old Ranma, the sunken girl's spring. Now that they are sprayed with every cold water, they just change to the spring they went. No, it's just the beginning. Since one of the strongest teenagers who would ever acquire a woman would not be enough, Ranma has to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy styles, insane high school principle, right and left opponents, who have spent Ranma billing on their lives or their relatives. "Steal". And speaking of loved ones, I've lost a trace of how many times a boy or girl is in love with Ranma. And it has never been his groom Akane. And that's just the first chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I've never met anything so crazy, so strange, so ... so ... from this world and so much from the ground and credibly ... I can't even describe it completely. Its just a charming story that is so easy to get into. I like this humor. Never has the manga laughed loudly about it, and it doesn't have to try some of the hours you could get from Simpson. I can read the comic and I laughed from beginning to end. Another thing is characters. Ranma, you think he would make him too strong, but not ... for every small problem, the story throws him to do his best just to survive half the time and his personality is that stupid young boy who would seem but if the worst is the worst, it can be a computational genius. And to think, at hundreds of perversions, Ranma, who hates the perverted idea, is all in her city, the more Akane who is the worst pervert to ever live. Her father, Genma, do you think the father's character would suit the background? Right! But if he has any focus ... but gives you more reasons to hate him at the same time! Do you think you know the worst father of anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's greatest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably the only one he can really do. Probably the strongest character in the series, but he has two mistakes, one is his curse that makes him a baby, but his worst guilt is his lack of thinking! Then we have ... you know, I can spend time on the computer, explaining all the signs, the story, everything positive, but it just would be pointless. <br /> <br /> Look at the series if you are not now, now! You won't regret it! Although I would recommend checking the comic book first. I like anime, but I have had a series of difficulties at a good price. And with a little nitpick, humor doesn't seem to translate both anime and manga. I think partly because the comic seems to me to be more comic. But in both cases, this win wins! 10 out of 10!
