Indeed, I first started Ranma 1/2 when I was twelve times. I was in the library and was desperate to read something good. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and noticed this book. In my first couple, I read through the chapters that I didn't really know, but I knew I loved it. I took it home for a couple more reading. Frankly, I didn't get anywhere. And then, about five months (now I'm 16), my friend looked at an anime series and remembered this Manga. I did not remember what was called but reminded that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I'll do this on Google and then make a decision to view all 161 episodes. At first, I was slightly thrown away by the 1990s graphics, but that wasn't the end result. No anime has ever laughed at me and made a rewind. I looked at 45 consecutive episodes once a day. I don't know how I did it ... but I couldn't stop. Finally, after about two days I grew obsessed. I even dreamed - as mad as it sounds - about watching Ranma. I've never found the series so enjoyable, so funny and so warm to watch. So far, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me happy. Of course, it was enough to force me to rest, but the series alone was enough to keep me going. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE Fighters. They are so intense that they went to China's old training grounds and became "damn". The bases were filled with different sources of springs, and when you landed, you took the shape that drowned in the cold water. For Genma it was for PANDA and Ranma ... a girl! This is a very cunning fun story. In addition, Genma promises his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep Tendo dojo alive. "Of course the one to whom he fits hates his guts and feelings to each other. Obviously, they will love each other, but both of them made it stubborn. But .. Genma has done it. He promised many girls to Ranma. <br /> <br /> Trust me, it's worth watching, it's humorous, affectionate and all amazing.
