First of all, Edison Chen made a fantastic, incredible work for a Cambodian man born and raised in dumps and a gladiator ring where he despised his wild battery craft to survive by living with killing or mantra. killed. In a small dialogue, or at least in some lines in Cambodia / Thailand, his role was convincing, probably what should have been in Jet Li's Danny the Dog, where a man is bred only for combat, and somebody else's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny Dog, many dirty combat sequences are not choreographically styled, but rather shaped as normal, brutal fists, where everything goes. This probably brought reality and sharpness when you see that the characters slip it against each other's throat, defending their lives when you take it away from others. It's a gloomy, sharp, and dark film, both verbally and figuratively, and it distinguishes it from the usual end of the mill's thriller production. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a hired weapon from Cambodia, who becomes a refugee in Hong Kong, running police when his resurrection was terrible. Chase's leadership is a team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to fight with maverick inspector Ti (Sam Lee) whose involvement and acceptance was related to his father's sins. This is how the cat and mouse game begins in the dark tones and shadows of the deeper sides of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on a number of levels, especially in the case of the shock-researcher, and the policeman. On the opposite sides of the law, we see not only black and white, but gray in every character. With people we see his caring side as he grabbed and developed the feelings of love for the girl (Pei Pei), bringing about maturity, sensitivity and a golden heart. The police, with questionable tactics and attitudes, will make you think about how locked it is when it is ready to do what it takes to do the job. There are many interesting moments of moral questioning how an anti-hero, a despicable strategy will be adopted. You ask what makes a man and what makes a beast, and if we have a tendency to switch depending on the circumstances - do we have this dark inner line in all of us, becoming a man to a dog and a dog? Dog Bite The dog grabs you from the start and never lets you go to the end, though there is a center point that seemed to drag, especially at its delicate moments, and he didn't know when to finish. If I had to choose a favorite scene, it should be what is on the market in the food center - extremely well controlled and delivered, your seating break. Listen to the musical score and you will not dream if you hear the dog's grass. <br /> <br /> Very recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost anything from the police thriller genre.
