Despite being very far from my expectations, the dog bite dog impressed me. I rented it not knowing much, but I was expecting it to be a martial arts / action film that belongs to Hong Kong's traditional tradition, of which I am a dedicated fan. I got something completely different, which is not at all bad. Although a movie can be classified as such and there are definitely good activities and hands in the film to combat scenes, it is definitely not the primary focus. His characters are indefinitely more important to the film than his struggles, a rather rare thing in many Hong Kong films. <br /> <br /> I was really quite surprised that the movie has characters and character relationships. Edison Chen (who is really very good), the leader, becomes more endless at the end of the movie than I thought he was after the first 30 minutes. Police characters lost my expectations thoroughly. In fact, the harsh and honest image of the rarely seen dark side of the police was a possible aspect of my movie's favorite. I do not know that I would say that the dog bite dog paralyzes the typical concepts of crimes, good police, but it certainly distorts them in a way not often seen in films (unfortunately). With so many films, especially Hong Kong's action films, I am depicting the police in what is, frankly, an unknown light. This is one of my least favorite genres. I was pleasantly surprised that the dog breed really had some very unique and really quite bold ideas about police forces. In this movie, there are negotiating scenes I've never seen before and I ever see doubt, and I'm sure I can remember for a while. Criminal characters have also been shown from an interesting point of view, some documentary material from a film by Cambodian boys that is no older than ten years to fight with each other with their bare hands, which I thought was one of the most powerful and moving moments of the film. It tells a lot about why these men are the way they are, rather than simply condemning them. Also, Chen's character and the relationship between her girl in her junkyard and her character show a lot. It was only when that element entered the film that I started to see the film as an emotional experience rather than just a visceral one. There is most in the screen relationship that is not quite for me, but for some reason it really happened. The actor has an incredible job in the role I think it was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also has a truly amazing cinematography, although unfortunately it is quite uneven. Some moments I found really striking, especially in the last segment of the movie, but there were also many camera works that were just OK. Another easy problem I had was the pace I felt unevenly. I found that a lot of "boat searching" scenes are a little alienating, though it's fast after that. Action scenes are short and not too big, but are really powerful and workable, especially at the end. Combat choreography is not all that impressive mostly, although it is certain and quite realistic, but true strength is the emotional content in the struggle. The final scene, which is not a miracle of martial arts or choreography, is one of the most powerful finals I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I think the biggest determinant of whether Bite Dog is of great use is whether you can combine characters or not. All of them are undoubtedly some of the worst characters you will probably see in any movie, but all of them were very human, which I couldn't help but really feel for them, especially Chen's girlfriend. I should say that I doubt most people like the movie as much as I did just because I imagine that most people don't like or care about characters in the same way, but I still recommend it in the same way. This is a really deep moving and functional movie when you give it a chance.
