I have to be straightforward - I haven't seen the movie as hard as DOG BITE DOG for some time now. I am a big fan of the "old school" in the late 1980s since the mid-1990s, and I had heard that the "style" of films makes such films a bit retrospective and Herman Yau GONG TAU (which has not yet seen it in writing), so I was very interested to give some of them a newer wave of CATIII films. Did this film meet my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite as fashionable as I imagined. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young, animal-like, inventive and virtually unstoppable Thai man with a somewhat vague history coming to Hong Kong. mission ". Thanks to some misfortune, he is quickly identifiable with a dirty copy (who expresses many of the same qualities as our batsman) and has been quickly detained and captured, a situation that does not last long because the unnamed assassin escapes from his captors and quickly shows the local police, Hunting is turned on and a cat and mouse game appears between the police and the "mad dog" (as the police refer to him.) Along the way, Mad Dog is an unintentionally friendly young woman who is slowly familiar and has a bond between her Ante keeps up, because Mad Dog's only goal is to get back from Hong Kong and Thailand with the necessary tools and the police are trying to roll him alive ... <br /> <br /> Write ten paragraphs for this challenging and thoroughly layered but I don't want to give too much, I watched DOG BITE DOG, who didn't know anything about the assumption, and I think it is a type of film that will definitely be better appreciated. Compared to older CATIII movies ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyperventious moments that resemble "good times" days, but never as slippery or grimy as the old school classics like "UNTOLD STORY" or RED to KILL. How Many Older CATIII Films The main purpose of "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a lot of thoughtful and circular production (although it doesn't take anything beyond those CATIII movies that I find so expensive). .). This film is much more "emotional" when it is exploitative, and when we know more about the characters and their background, the audience begins to bind and identify both sides. There are really no clear "good" and "bad" guys, because Mad Dog shows you moments of extreme compassion and the police have extremely unusual methods to try to figure out the killer. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of older CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG more with Park SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE or Pang Brother BANGKOK DANGER, as both films mixed very emotional clues with strong and insecure action and violence. Again, there's not much that I didn't like about this movie. Action is dead, cinematography is sharp and well done, and the whole film successfully mixes many different elements in a way that is not very often seen. Is this movie (and others like it ...) CATIII's "rebirth" - not exactly - but it's a very strong movie that's totally worth ... 9/10
