Those who are familiar with Asian cinema as a whole are aware that Japan is famous or infamous because of its hypocritical films and Korea is now a reputation for famous cruel films. The dog bites the dog but may not necessarily become both hyper-violent and the toughest of Miike's films, nor is it as politically brutal as some of Korea's more ambitious efforts, it is perfect between its brutal brand, which is all. However, the greatest strength of such a film, such as Japan's or Korea's greatest efforts, is that brutality, not damaging the film, actually develops characters, if not, by postponing the story. The two main characters are such incredibly cruel persons who have their own motivation and emotional basis to be like that. Sam Lee's character is, for example, from the beginning and slowly and firmly in the midst of various Changi-type meetings, which explains why he is. Without the story of this story too much, it means his father's morally ambiguous nature. However, Chang's character has the most original instincts that have succeeded, if not perfection, in brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Changi's story shows an arc, though not necessarily more human, in fact, to the nature of our animals, many of which forget what is the natural ability to recognize a broken animal (and I'm not talking to Sam Lee's garbage garbage rather than Sam Lee). within the first 80 minutes, either a more or less straight backward cat or mouse or a dog chase, a film in which each meeting ends with at least one death (seriously, if Sam Lee and Chang Square) out, some die) and the fun part of the movie you never Find out who hands the action. What brings us to one of the weaknesses of the film. Unforunatley get into this would be another spoiler, but to put it simply, it is to blame for one of the main points of the movie, because instead of having the point make a movie that is 80 minutes in the film, this movie goes. another 20 minutes or more to further emphasize it. Don't get me wrong as you have gone over the 80-minute mark and the peak, and if the final act wasn't filled with sweet music (in fact, if it, like most of the movie, kept the music the least and let the disturbing sound effects work) it would still be still worked and not harmed the film. Although it is, despite having the most terrible and bloody encounters in the third factor, how it was handled felt that it was facing and almost insulting the viewers' intelligence, as it seemed that he had to go that far. Nonetheless, the Hong Kong cinema is still a breath of fresh air, as even the most bloody martial arts will never reach cruel and cruel levels while keeping a noticeable archid in tact.
