WOW. If you think the film can't get tired in any way, you haven't seen a dog bite. This movie does not pull strokes and it does not abandon very disturbing images at all. Like Salo, it shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It is sharp, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it is also one of the best movies ever coming out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is much the same, but it doesn't go further thinking it's an incredibly cliché. Basically, it is an alarming and obsessive detective in cat and mouse, professional and emotional shock. Although the script offers something new on the surface, it gives a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Will we become more or less human if we abuse a 5 year old child without regret? We humans, in turn, are less active than rabid dogs, when anger is blinded, it is a sad truth. This is a subject that the manager will study excellently, without limiting himself at all. In addition to cat and mouse tracking, the script also employs two main characters. One is about love and the other about redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it is still wonderfully written and always keeps you glued to the seat. <br /> <br /> Action is really good. Edison Chen, as a Hit-Man, is incredible; he proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, insecure, and amazing. Sam Lee as an obsessed policeman is also outstanding. In short, supportive cast is great. Music is also worth it. Ben Cheung's very terrible result, where some of the films were played in the main dark moments. Yuen Man's filmmaking is also very good. <br /> <br /> Generally, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Very amazing, incredibly active, wonderfully kicked and just very good. But as many have pointed out, it is not a movie for everyone. If you don't like strong violence, then you have to get out of it. If you do not like to see the hard negativity in the film, it is not for you. After all, power film, 8/10.
