It is remarkable and quite commendable how writers and directors continue to display large films from one of the oldest and most (over) used film lines "Dog Biting Dog" is basically nothing more than just one story, which is a single copper, obsessively criminals with a brilliant offender, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film for the rest, being extremely violent and relentless. It is undoubtedly one of the toughest and most uncompromising films I've ever seen, with a constant atmosphere of nihilism and characters that stand out hell directly on foot! Not even Chan-Wook Park's tragedy contributions (with the exception of "Oldboy" or maybe) or any other infamous that ever appeared was so sadistic and brutal as some of the events shown in "Dog Bite Dog". Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian assassin who lands on Hong Kong's crowded streets to remove a prominent judge's wife. When the police arrive, Wai, the young officer, sees Pang fleeing the crime and following him. The first real contradiction between the two rabies leads to a huge blood bath because Pang ruthlessly kills several hostages and even Wai's long-term friends and colleagues. Since then, an exciting and busy cat and mouse game has started between a disgruntled police and a professional killer. The latter also saves a young girl's father from continuous sexual abuse and is staying with her in a local dump. What makes this routine action / thriller so exciting (beyond explicit violence) is the background of the main characters! Pang, a hit man, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill money from a child. He has no limitations, no mercy and hardly any words. Wai, a policeman, became especially ruthless and unusual, as his role model father (also a policeman) is in a coma after a drug-related incident. Broad does not doubt suspects and witnesses; She screams at them and she is ready to sacrifice everything to stop her brand new nemesis. People with weak stomach or tangle nerves are advised to stay away from this film because the cruelty and shock in Dog Bite Dog can easily cause nausea. This is not a violence where bloody heads and broken limbs fly through the air, but rather an intense and completely disruptive type where people try to break their opponents both mentally and physically. Shooting places are dark and terrible, and the extremely sober music makes the film even more intense. The performances are terrible! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee would treat each other like the enemies on the film, because their screen hate and disgust seem a little too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film that is highly recommended if you can peel it on your stomach. If you are afraid that you will fail, just wait a couple of years for an inevitable American remake that will undoubtedly soften the assumption a little.
