Most comments say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This film is a little different from others and, given that it is the best or worst, it depends on what you expect from the movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing the Hamilton photographer, you'll be surprised a little. Although Bilitis looks like his books in motion, where all those young girls who discover themselves and communicate with each other on the edge of the lesbian, bring them together on the land that unites the scenes, Laura focuses on a couple of characters that allow them to develop relationships (male female). artist model), but even though we see beautiful photos, many of which are better than their average, their number decreases in the interest of the plot. Tendres Cookies are different from both, but only a Hamilton movie that looks like a movie rather than a collection of moving photos. That's why it can be more acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans, looking like erotic comedy (but not the German soft core type - "Schulmädchen report" fans would be very disappointed). You don't laugh a lot, but you can smile (and this is something that often doesn't get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton movies, the woman's age varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike its usual work, it hasn't happened and it's outdated. We have characters who live their lives, have their own destiny and do not lead us from just one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton will (again) disappear with the script in his hand. Girls on the beach, in the shower, in low-light spaces, in the gardens, under the tents, in front of the mirrors, no matter what the clothes are - it's his territory, he can take minutes and hours, and whatever he does, always feels the artist's eye and hand behind it. But when he has to give us the average daily life, he finishes with Hamilton and gets an average manager who just follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nakedness, but they are only part of his work. And in the Tendres family, we have the opposite: his girls are not in the best shots. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of the work of Hamilton (often neglected), while girls, even naked, have nothing special as he presents us. Maybe he was a boy in front of Hamilton's confused camera, maybe he was thinking about a line that censorship would accept, maybe he was trying to do something new (and nobody dared to say he shouldn't) but he ignored what he did mostly praised.
