I like David Hamilton's artistic photos of naked women at the border of femininity, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. Someone else liked them because my books by David Hamilton were stolen. In one book, a few pictures of young boys, obviously naked, intimate with her older woman, as well as naked. Although discreet, it had a strong sexual meaning. David Hamilton's New Territory, which proved to be photographs taken by Tendres Cousines, or perhaps photographs taken from the device. <br /> <br /> Photography art does not automatically reflect cinematic art. Soft focus turns out of focus and discrete angles become confusing, perhaps because they can't be moved. You see it or leave it and don't have time to watch, understand. The film should be a farce and funny things happen, but it does not "hang", perhaps because the story develops so slowly and the question may arise. Finally, 14-year-old Julien is related to her cousin, but it is a soft core with no genital intercourse. Because it is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and an embarrassing act that has been picked up, and when they're caught, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete that experience. In fairness, the film is in French and corresponds to French cinematographic forms, which may be too fine for most Americans, even with English subtitles, to help us bypass the Phillists. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this movie is a child of pornography, and that is certainly the result of today's climate where the sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one is right to support and not seem to support sexual abuse of children, so there is virtually no room for children to see even the most lenient erotic context without immediately disrupting sexual violence and exploitation. Guys think "Lucky Julien!" even if they agree that sex and kids in movies are a "bad thing", wishing they might have been Julien at that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all such considerations must be drawn from consciousness. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic, and child and sex issues must be strictly avoided. Too bad because sexual awakening is a real human experience. For everyone, children grow up and become a sexual creature like Julien. It is a suitable literary subject, a cinema, but a threat to sexual violence against children from taboos. I think David Hamilton took a film on this subject even in 1980. He felt this sensitive topic somewhat successfully, and unfortunately, in the near future, we are unlikely to see better. child porn label.
