The only reason I give it is that other child actors who played Tadash's tormented were not working. I assume they were just kids who were the right age and comfortable, but they weren't well trained and their scenes were small annoyance. I say it does not understand it according to US standards because it is full of ambiguities and what inequalities the Japanese culture facilitates and which is not seen by the moral limitations of black hat / white noise to US children "movies are done routinely. For example, it is a surprisingly funny moment when Tadashi's small band of yokai companions finds themselves and gives up yokai and Shojo - avuncular Kirin herald - doing what many stressed Japanese adults do. Hint: It doesn't happen in a Disney movie. This picture also has the best beer layout you see in children's movies. At an early stage, the school teacher strikes a couple of bully with a book of attendance. Japan had a few years before the release of this film for television advertising. It was a stop-motion clay animation about a child who is depressed and playing guitar and blues in his room. Her mother screams her down to close. Then, someone will give him a candy bar and he will cheer and sing with a happy voice, but his mother will come and tell him he will shut up and give him a jaw that will leave the tooth on his forehead. I mention this trade because it was considered funny and I did not hear any objection to it. There is a lot of bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen of "The Great Yokai War" as a Disney movie. As a parent, if it were a US film, I would be in arms with things, though not necessarily the moral lessons at the end of the picture, which, of course, is not black and white. As a Japanese film, I agree that these cultural norms allow images that do not exceed standards and practices in the United States. However, I would probably be a little uncomfortable to see the young children to see it, without giving them any pre-show briefings and / or post-demonstration information on violence and other colored things, or I look forward to being parents to show them.
