Last night I was delighted to see the film at the BUG Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a true treat. The directors were there and they did Q&A after that. The film starts with a young boy who shakes his shirt under his leg, a man near his car, sees a young boy breaking it and running to ask the child why? why? did he have to kill this living entity? In his hurry to advise young people on his paths, the man leaves his parking meter unpaid, starting with the whole chain of events involving people who are not at all related to him, some funny, some sad and some ridiculous. This movie has a lot to laugh, a lot! and there are many participants you know. The main actors who stared in my film were: Jamie Kennedy (his comedy showed Jamie Kennedy Experiment, fortunately playing a cook writer; John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's cross pants at Drew Carey's show) playing a loving man who just can't get it right, Brian Cox (original Hannibal Lecter Manhunter), who plays a ghostly owner of donut and Chinese cooking where there is one line where Cox tells his chef to wash some pig blood that's on the sidewalk, saying "clean this death" which is quite funny mainly because Cox is "infected with microbes." The more fun moment of the movie comes when a young boy imitates his father whom he heard earlier in the classroom tempt "MotherF *****" Another extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (Mrs Sting Herself) and another actor present the scene at the cable show, from the film the boy has a plastic bubble cable connection we are just amazing, he is so serious and deadly, and his performance is as amazing as the doctor and the boy in plastic. In this movie, there are many other cool and funny actors and actors who have hit it with a budget of about $ 1 million in less than one month, directed by Phil Hay and Matt Manfred (who are scriptwriters who have written crazy / beautiful) and the upcoming Tuxedo starring Jackie Chani) has achieved an excellent, funny and cute movie.
