Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history and serve it so I am happy to see their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is about to complete her rejuvenation formula after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are chimney sweepers that will get their job done and very soon Ollie wants to fail Stan. Ollie goes to the roof to help the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but in Stan's living room, pushing her back into the attic. After the break, Stan can be replaced, loaded from the wall of the weapon, and of course it will burn off. Stan is going to look up and Ollie, standing on the roof door, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he was hurt, and Ollie only answers "I have nothing to say". Ollie goes back to the roof and he and Stan are getting the tug and pulling, which comes under Ollie and destroys the chimney. Ollie, many of the bricks that hit the bricks, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) are covered with ashes in the chimney, and Ollie has nothing more to say to Stan. The boys decide to clean up the mess and when Stan tears the shovel with the carpet, Ollie asks, "Can't you do something right" and Stan replies, "I have nothing to say," getting a shovel head. Ollie keeps Stan in the bag to shovel the ashes, make them paint on the wall, and the ashes fall down on Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and makes a final test in the duck, falling into the water tank, making it a duckling. He also shows the success of the boys by turning the egg of the ducklings, and then he proposes to use a human object, i.e. his butler. When he's gone, the guys decide to test the formula themselves, but Ollie gets Stan to knock the whole formula of the water tank. Finally, what ever came out of Ollie, the monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, all Ollie ape says "I have nothing to say" and Stan whimpers. Perfectly beautiful and all the classic comedy you want from a black and white movie, this is an enjoyable movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were comedian comedian 7. Very good!
