This is an unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with a shared personality: sometimes it seems that two different styles of movies are short. Fortunately, every part is funny in itself and the seemingly relaxed clowning of boys carries the day and synthesizes the various elements of the film into an entertaining whole. Although I've never heard of DIRTY WORK as his favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it seems like everyone likes it. <br /> <br /> Our story is assigned to Professor Noodle's home, one of the main elements of the story: the wild general parody of the mad scientist scenarios. This is a rare undertaking for the L&H sci-fi territory; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges were more often confused with crazy doctors than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is embedded in creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and occasionally dry quip. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie are chimney sweepers who appear in the professor's home the same day as he completes his solution. "Their" part of the film consists of a characteristic (but first-rate) heartburn that includes a chimney, a roof, shovels, and several unfortunate accidents. If you don't feel like these guys are up, you probably don't like DIRTY WORK, but for the team fans it's a movie party. Highlighting occurs when Ollie tends to chimney, lands in the fireplace and is then bombarded one after the other by robbing the rhythmic accuracy of the head. I also like Ollie hitting a greenhouse off the roof; The process work is so slapdash I suspect that it was something fun, just like W.C. There would be the worst back projects in the world. <br /> <br /> Exciting things are a lot of fun, but this is the motive of a mad scientist that makes this movie horrible, and two supportive players deserve a leaflet hat: the fruitful character actor Lucien Littlefield is a great professor, offering her overripe lines with joy and hammy hit, while Sam Adams is the weaker role of Jessup butler. As big as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in their mainstream, it is always worthwhile that their supporting pains at Hal Roach's studio gave their films a tremendous boost. Usually Le Roy Shield's background music, but DIRTY WORK has been a rare occasion since Roach comedy has no musical accompaniment after opening credits. Fashion music could have made the process more efficient, but nevertheless; it is in any case a very enjoyable comedy and a great example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular on their day.
