I found this movie for the first time when I searched for some of the works of the witch Stéphane Rideau, still in an extraordinary attack caused by the amazingly beautiful Les Roseaux sauvages (Juncos Silvestres in Portuguese), André Téchiné. I was looking for similar movies in the age range. Then I found «Presque Rien», a film in which director Sébastien Lifshitz is astonishingly astonished at the Cannes nomination in 2000. The story is about two men, a "boy next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet during the summer holidays. In the country where he lives, Mathieu spends his sister's days at the beach. There he meets the local Cédric, with whom he starts this esthetic and revealing relationship, with a lot of sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives his characters ("Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger, still retains the sweet seducer innocence, the witch matures here experience) . Exemplar is guided by the gracious order of the intimate and recognizing description of the boys who first face their (yet unclear) sexuality and great love. First love, its terrible progression of ecstasy despair. The best of the film is France's best: passionate passion, hot and exciting rhythmism, brownish beauty, simple and natural acceptance of families, though not a surprise and the first anger. At the same time, the beach, brightness, lightness and simplicity, the freshness of the wind, the sudden melody and introverted Elkaïm (misleading, painful, puzzling, passionate) expressive eyes. Sex is not avoided or used, it is treated as it is, without the intention of an actor. Because of pure talent, it is a drama of unusual quality, with no cheap sentimentality, which inevitably shows two homosexual images in their main youth as a normal person, even though they reject social shame and shame. This is worth noting, especially for those who love French films (although the front cover of the DVD is very flat, there are dozens of stars between two participants, greased with brilliant). In my opinion, the witch 8-9 deserves a movie!
