I agree that the film is a bit slow in places where there is a lot of daily life and not dialogue. And I wasn't impressed when I looked at it. After a few days, however, I realized that the film was with me and that it brought out a melancholic mood that reminds me. My evaluation of this movie increases. It certainly deserves more attention than those films that are immediately forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, this film is non-linear and is a feature of European filmmaking, not a linear narrative. Hollywood prefers. I don't know if it's true or not. Many also do not like their confusing structure and clear explanations. For these viewers, I don't believe I can say that their opinions will change. For others who haven't seen the movie yet, wait to wait for the movie to be played, and DO NOT wait for the movie to provide all the answers and you can enjoy it if you do otherwise. <br /> <br /> The film is a little skipped, but it really crowns for only three hours. Pay attention to hair style and you can easily separate 2 from three periods. Nor is it as confusing as suggested; just enjoy it and it's all finished. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things are left untold or not shown, and many situations have not been investigated. But isn't that life? For a long time, you are not sure of the motives of your friends / loved ones if you do not accept them and even then you will never be 100% sure when they tell you all the truth. This type of film forces us to interpret the causes of our actions. However, the film leaves enough clues to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is a manic depressive suicide. Why? I do not know, maybe his life will not change exactly as he expects; maybe he misses his family but has not forgiven his father during the abandonment of his sick mother; maybe after she all sacrificed to Cedric, reorganizing and breaking her life with her, she understands that it has all "come back". I think the director wanted us to show that he has always been a bit behind, the mental mentality of this scene is a dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all of these tensions carry him. But we have also shown that it is not an animal's tormenting psycho because of its loving communication with a stray cat. There is also a conversation between the doctor and Cedric that sheds light on the causes of the breakup and perhaps a suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is okay and Cedric thinks that although he deceived Mathieu once, but that is nothing, according to Cedric. Whether it's the only reason we don't know is probably the other, everyone's mixing up. Is it extremely important that we know exactly what they are? I don't believe this movie. Another tell-tale that they will eventually not fit is historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in researching ruins, Cedric is not. He is a furious hormone that focuses only on the physical side without the intellectual side that Mathieu apparently needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the end is really hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the course of events after the dark tone, which is on the edge. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints on a DVD. One is sound. It's very soft. I had to raise the volume to hear the dialogue and when it changed the bar or the scene for the outdoors, it became too loud. The second is that subtitles cannot be turned off; they remain on the screen. Unfortunately, most foreign films from DVDs that the big studio does not allow are, unfortunately, so.
