The first love is a desperately complex subject to pull out convincingly in the cinema: the inclusive passion usually comes to pale imitation or, worse, a bit ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Lifshitz can avoid all the pitfalls and offers a moving, sexy, thoroughly inclusive story of love, catastrophe and potential redemption, while touching some of the deeper issues of human existence. <br /> <br /> The main story is Mathieu, 18, a lonely, introverted boy who meets Cedric, a brasher, more outgoing, but with the same loneliness he is on with his family on vacation. When the summer gets warm, they fall in love and decide to live together at the end of their vacation. A year later, the relationship ends with a catastrophe: Cédric deceives Mathieu, who is trying to take his life away. He will survive and, in order to get a perspective back to his life, he will return to the seaside town where they first met, this time in the cold winter. never has this effect: a large part of it is expected, it all happens in a non-sequential manner. perspective. Fortunately, there are three deadlines available (summer of love, psychiatric hospital after suicide and winter of reconstruction) in color: warm yellow and orange in summer, almost scary blue hospital for scenes and warming browns and blues for the winter seaside. <br /> <br /> Both main actors, however, did great performances, but it is a pleasure to see Stéphane Rideau (Cédric) with their full-featured (I am used to seeing him more) Gael Morel's rather sliding dramas), special attention should be paid to Jeremie Elkhim (Mathieu): You may feel your loneliness, then its almost unbelievable passion, then the crumbling of its character behind the aphasia wall. Beautifully designed gestures are much more than ever before. <br /> <br /> The topics that have been discussed are almost classic in the French cinema: our difficulties really understand what the other feeling is; our difficulties in communicating fully; the meaning of changing sands? The movie's title "Presque rien" (almost anything) points to all these and indeed one of the key scenes in the film: In an attempt to understand why Mathieu was trying to kill himself, psychiatrist Cédric asks if he would ever deceive him? "Not? Enfin, oui une fois, mai ce n'était rien" (No? Well, yes once, but it was nothing). Cédric still loves Mathieu? she took her to the hospital during a suicide attempt (none of which she saw) and desperately tries to get in touch once she leaves? but he does not understand that he has lost him forever because something that did not seem to him (meaningless thing) is all Mathieule. <br /> <br /> Although the film is darker than the rather unfortunate poster of Pierre et Gilles, it would not be without hope: we can see Cédric's slow, painful attempt to get in touch with the cat he first received, then the local bar. through work and finally contacting Pierre, who may be his next love. But here's the end of the story: the teen's passion for the year, the other is perhaps the beginning. So what was that? Almost nothing? Surely not when you live it?
