"Presque Rien" ("Come Undone") is a work by former talented writers / directors Sébastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with writer Stéphane Bouquet, who later gave us "Wild Side"). As we understand, the way of telling Lifshitz is more valuable to each of his works. Allowing your delicate and sensitive love stories to open in the same casual way that is found in confused and uncertain youth - now is the time, the past, the time, the imagined time, the solitude - Lifshitz makes your stories more personal, involving the viewer. every aspect of the character responses. It takes a little bit of work to take his method, but dealing with his technique pulls us deep into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (beautiful and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) visits her vacation, time to allow her mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight her undefined illness, maintained by Reputation and Wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix ): Their distant father is home for business reasons. From the first moments of the film, weaving and leaving is just Mathieu's pictures of depressing, riding trains, talking to someone with a small recorder. We leave it to wonder whether the opening activity is all memory or modern activity. <br /> <br /> When landing on the beach, Mathieu notes the beautiful young at the age with which we need to be, and we may feel that Mathieu's emotions are confusing. Cédric's youngsters (Stéphane Rideau) follow Mathieu and his sister, continuing the secret of attraction. Soon Cédric Mathieule will approach and the delicate introduction will lead to a kiss that begins with the obsession of passionate love. Mathieu is frightened by the way he uses it, Cédric restarts public approaches, but is still looking for shipments. Two young men are totally in love, and the physical aspect of this relationship, which is essential for understanding this story, is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. However, when Mathieu, a committed student, goes in the summer, she understands that Cédric is a carnival-style staircase. It is obvious that Cédric is a Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is Apollonic: in architectural terms, Mathieu is excited about the beauty of history and space, while Cédrici is only interested in a place as a new love attack. br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complicated person who is dealing with his family ties, struggled by critical illness and non-existent father, fear of his growing sexuality, and his passion for Cédric. The moments of their joy are interrupted by Cédric's infidelity and Mathieu's inability to cope with this issue and ultimately they are part of it. Time passes, family changes are made, and Mathieu moves into depression, including suicide attempt. The way Mathieu meets all of these challenges and strangely holds one of Cédric's former lovers of Pierre (Nils Ohlund) brings the film to a vague, but completely successful climax. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie, the feature of these features is so strong that the desire to start with a full story from the beginning of the movie is powerful. Lifshitz has given us a passionate meditation film, in contradiction to the passionate powers found in love and silent films of silence and respect that are unparalleled. The whole cast is great and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is the most solid film making light. French with subtitles in English. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
