What a stunningly wonderful, sometimes light and bulky, great budget fantasy. Takashi Miike had already proved that when he reached the Great Yokhai War he could get into other films besides his supposed crime / yakuza genre (visitor Q and Andromedia showed it, the former big one less). But here, in his first and only screen writing credit, Miike shows that he can deliver the postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, along with CGI, creature effects and make-up. and an epic battle that is rather a "festival" than something that is the Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made far and wide to be sure and the most obvious jump would be Miyazaki, seemingly unique for children-big-heroes, power-hungry witches who are looking for the main source of earth energy, the machine as the greatest evil and many strangely defined, terribly designed beings (or the title of Yokai). But Star Wars can also be compared, especially in the Battle of Gungan at TPM, and all power between good and evil with similar forces. Or just like Samurai 7. Or, of course, Henson's movies. And through all these comparisons, and even through mistakes or excessive moments, it is Miike's sensitivity to all the effects and signs. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki Tadashi, a prototype child, begins a kind of gullible and sensitive world affairs, but becomes a heroic world that goes into darkness. Darkness comes from an evil witch, who gets her energy from the rage and evil vibe of the whole world, and who also begins to die the spirits and other beings of Yokhai, a fire that is sent by giant robots who have only one mission - to destroy and kill anything on their paths. Tadashi is pumped up to fight Sato's witch like Yokai, when Sato's prime minister and cohort Agi (Kill Billi Chiaki Kuriyama, another big villain) steals Tadash's tiny coat companion Sunekosuri. Things will soon come to the head, at the peak that reminds many other fantasy films and stories, but may be limited by Mike and his team until the moment. I would probably recommend the Great Yokai War to the children, but note ahead that this is not to weaken fantasy in American circles. It has many beings, including a one-eyed umbrella and a walking, spoken wall, let alone a turtle, a fire-snake, and a woman whom Sato's damn. So this variety is high, and maybe it looks like creatures and effects that grow into unimaginable heights as the "festival" hits when Yokai reaches hundreds of miles. But there is also a fantasy feeling that is strong in both light and dark, and Sunekosur is perhaps the greatest emotional tool at Miike's disposal (and not just because it is squared); Where else could an audience be looted as a small fierce ball that reaches the tragic battle with Tadash in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> But all this is a sense of anarchy that can be found in the lightest spots of Miike's career, which distinguishes it from its animated, Muppet and sci-fi colleagues. Usually there is odd humor, including a song dedicated to Akuzi's beans at an extreme moment and more than some fiction with creatures and fighting scenes (I loved a man with a big blue head, for example) who must make it smaller or anxious turtle-Yokai). The biggest threat Miike gets to the bigger special effects and the computer wizard he flirts, is superfluous in this regard. He's all down, I'm sure it's hidden, and he's creating some memorable impressions with some of the compositions (one of them when everything is said and done, and Tadashi and "the other" are in the midst of Tokyo's crush cost), but CGI is sometimes a little convincing with robots and interplay skirts are beautiful and some visual features for TOO, such as the Yokai overlay that spreads the word about the big festival on the map. it looks weak and pat. I almost wondered if Miike could quite honestly say (bad) to Spy Kids territory. <br /> <br /> But this responsibility shifts away, the Great Yokai War gives more than excitement, silly excitement and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. It owes much to both cinema and traditional Japanese folklore, but screws are always complicated even in the most ridiculous and complicated confusions. It's not his best filmmaker, but experimenting in a commercial environment is his advantage. It has a clean little message and lots of cool adventures. 7.5 / 10
