Many people hang on the label of this film as "children's film" and it is definitely for adults. Takashi Miike uses a fantasy genre, especially the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard to nature, a great Yokai war. <br /> <br /> Setting up is simple when the boy is chosen to play the "hero". The festival of the 1960s has only a lot more realistic to discover his role than he could have imagined. The following is a hallucinatory, grotesque, lively and often funny journey through the Japanese folklore world, but wait for the loser to have an evil villain who wants to destroy the world. But the villain here is not just a demon, but the spiritual spirit of things that people "use" and "destroy". Clearing a chamber made of hate / annoyance of pure fluid makes the villain's lively colorful Yokai spirits transform into breathtaking ten-foot-high robots that catch hands and eyes like burning charcoal (those who played the video game, Sonic The Hedghog, may remember certain Dr. Robotnik , who makes similar procedures for the cute and sober to whom Sonic was supposed to "release". <br /> <br /> The hero of this movie is actually the least interesting guy who plays a straight straight man, the world suddenly went crazy. Though he goes through the usual heroic investigations, more often than the young ones, as well as many Yokia himself, who seem to be defenseless against murderous robots, some spirits are with eyes, talking walls or beings whose soul purpose in life is to read beans ... of course in Miike Yokai in the magical world of war, even beans take magical power when one of them believes. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this film changes the traditional conventions of children's fantasy, as few, if any, characters are heroes, their victory is a combination of events, almost any faith and desire of a political party. Yokai's spirits, but rallies and limit the hiding of the villains, after they lost the great invasion of the world at the big Yokai festival, and even then only to dance and party. Nor does the movie end with the usual festive end that ends well with the end of fantasy, but with the final scene, showing our hero's parents, the work of adults, which is now unable to see the Yokai spirit of his youth, who then undesirably turns to a villain who is a spirit can never die . This end, along with the Yokai spirit, which is the spit of Pokemon Pikachu, warns us not only of leaving behind our childhood, but of the horrors of excessive consumption. The offender is the resentment that arises when people no longer have respect for the world and objects around them (Japanese folklore has almost any kind of object), and so when they are used and thrown away, as we do in consumer societies without respect, they become unbeatable revenge machines, unlike modern video games, which shows that although our imagination and myths never die, they can deform. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first Miike scripts that helped, and I believe it shows that there are some constraints that have somewhat diminished conceptually because of its visual gameplay. Although I'm mainly focused on the story (as many of the users here seem to write it), I want to say that visually it is CGI kaleidescope, stopped animation, costume, and lively doll production that works very well. Many films have a dream quality and Miyazaki's comparisons are justifiable, as are the NeverEnding Story and Labrynth comparisons, although this film is sharper and more adult than any. Yokai is beaten, brutalized and transformed into a machine of living hatred, which I believe even kills some people, a deformed abortion calf with a man's face, and a grotesque opening in the movies, while a sexual undercurrent, women with a long neck ceasing our boy's hero The face, or some other character that constantly remembers touching the spirit of the little clad water of the youth, such as the boy, seems too long for the tastes of most Western countries, especially when it is "children's film". But they are small enough to hold enough adults, not to traumatize children. Grims' fairy tales, before the inspections, did much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All of this is one of Miike's most accessible and interesting activities with enough visual drama and great performances. humanism and absurd humor to those who occasionally laugh loudly to appeal to an audience of all ages, and a firm conceptual stream that is strong enough to lead an adult audience who has supposedly brought their children or otherwise come out of their young lost fantasy movies nostalgic feeling. The latter group, which seems to be the film, seems to have been the most eager to ask that they not only continue their passive consumption of the surrounding world, but show respect for the spirits that seemed so much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film from an exciting director who is not close to his apex. Instant classic.
