This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I saw it several years ago in Comedy Central. At a time when I didn't know that it had been dramatically changed and shown irregularly, and I had just looked at all three series in order and unchanged (thanks to the Internet and your wonderful "tube series"), I'm as good as I found again! I think Comedy Central has chosen and chosen its first and second series through the "season" ...... and I tried to get friends and family to see it, but no one knew this nice (I need) new friends) . So, independently, I made the best out of it. Even though I felt it was getting a little worse, I still felt compelled to continue watching. Years after I discovered Little Britain, I immediately knew from Paul LoG that he influenced Marjorie's Fat Fighters. I also love the idea that writers who work under the whole exhibition ... (not new, but made here right). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt & David .... Love you)! It's really a dark comedy genius. Serial murder, indirect cannibalism ..... you call it and it has probably found this wonderful, unique telework. The scene from the first scene is cool and they seem to invite you to Royston Vasey ..... You never miss! I think my favorite figure should be Tubbs, but every image depicted has its own "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, it was until she returned to the third series (smart and completely unexpected)! It is best to follow successive episodes because it leads to continuity and, as I said earlier, it becomes so convincing (if it pulls) that you really can't stop. It is not for those who have weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmother (if you don't have one delicious grandmother)! I've always loved British television, especially the comedies from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf, to keep the appearance, absolutely fabulous and British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their US counterparts… sorry). This is different from all of them, where it is completely funny and just a line between the sick and the twisted. Nothing in anything on US television has ever come close to this level of entertainment. US broadcasting television is so sad and flat, I barely see it. It's a little sad that even our cable TVs don't have the courage to show unchanged versions of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are examples of "over the pond" that redeem the entire medium every ten years. The main cable here in the United States in recent years has made small steps with confidence in "crossing lines" with more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still years away when they decide to show their real lives to adults. the behavior of adults (just the obsession of murder and the blow of things, it's like the same main show format over the last 35 years)! Don't even start with a US binder! A waste of time and a lot of wasted money ...... did you know that "Jim said" has been in the air for 10 years? 10 YEARS ?? Anyway ... Look at this example, get it from a DVD, do what you need, and keep your friends watching it! You've never seen anything like that before. There are three specials that I haven't watched yet ... I'll save them in the spring of my best friend next time. He looks at them even if I have to turn him on and paint him in the stool! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that the third series leaves one and the other .... the bigger city seems to fall to focus on newer characters, the smile is lost (thanks to the bloody hell), the theme is more band and less the orchestra and a bit of story going outside Royston Vasey . Don't throw it away because the series has kept the quiet perversion that was first shown in the first and two rows. I think these four men have created something that is undefined. Brilliant, confident and absolutely demented. You want to watch it over and over again. It's amazing that after 5 seconds of screen time, they can go from cheap sight to terrible blasphemy and then finish off with one actor's facial expression. If I ever met a writer / performer, I would ask them not to create it again or try it up ..... I'd just say, "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would probably hit me so I would ask them to sign the tag!)! 10 out of 10
