This film resembles a bit of German film "HIGH STORY" because the child is magically transported to a hero in a foreign country. But thanks to much more advanced technology, dolls and CGIs are used to make the amazingly realistic world - one that strikes your socks because of your realism and scope. <br /> <br /> But the boy was first a chore! Unfortunately, most western countries are saying that this movie is one that you can give up very quickly or abandon, because everything on the film is so weird. But give him a chance. Don't think or try to understand everything you see - just let the story open and you'll probably enjoy the movie. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this is the advice given to adults who watch Miyazaki's SPIRITED AWAY because it is very similar and contains a ton of Yoka (Japanese mythical alcohol). The big difference between the two is that LARGE COUNTRY is live-action and SPIRITED AWAY is much more child-friendly. While I think that the great momentum is mainly for children's film, most parents in the US do not want to show it to younger children because it is so violent, scary and contains some adult behavior. Who's in the West? Well, older children and adults who appreciate foreign films on non-western topics and composition. It's really a rather narrow audience! <br /> <br /> If you look, look for all the strange little touches. In fact, you can watch the movie tens of times and you will notice different tiny things every time. Some funny references I liked were a comment about Gamer, a scene that was accompanied by the comment "KIDS: don't try it at home", as well as Kirin's beer so that the person can actually see Yoka (hmm, maybe this scene should have included this warning)! By the way, director Takashi Miike is difficult to stylistically shut down, except to say that none of his stories I've seen are "normal". Some of his films are quite disgusting and worrying, and I hated them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and some of the best films I've ever seen (RIGHT OF COVER). One thing is certain that one of his films is difficult to look at and not in one way or another in a strong reaction.
