I was looking forward to making friends and transferring people for six, especially because Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were starring. Simon Pegg is a comic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actor. How To Lose Friends And Transfer People Hit On The Site! Of course it is not perfect, but very enjoyable and funny. How To Lose Friends And Divorce People follow the life of Sidney Young, a small, bitter, British celebrity journalist hired by a New York-based magazine. In a striking way Sidney enters the college and burns bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After one black-and-white event interrupted, allowing wild pigs to behave rampantly, Sidney Sharp editor Clayton Harding will look out and take a job in New York with a magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that he wants to get a better impression and win all he can if he wants to succeed. By contrast, Sidney also insults and immediately disturbs writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to target the star clients of the power publisher Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also disturbs his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to disturb almost everyone. His salvation grace, the rising star of Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops her strange affection. Over time, Allison's friendship can be the only thing Sydney can save from its downward-looking career. The story is very interesting and the actor was at the cutting edge that the actors gave. Simon Pegg is still fun like never before! He makes Sydney bump, unpleasant and annoying as real as it gets, but later he makes not only a pleasant but also a real figure that you finally cut. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten had a very wonderful actor and fun scene, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff f * cking Bridges! How do you dislike him?! He makes Clayton a very funny character that is nice and generally loves this man. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as supportive pains. Each of them had its own personality, which was quite unlikely at all, but that was what made the film. One thing I didn't enjoy was how some dimensions were. I understand that most of them were supportive cast, but some cast was too small and could have given more spice to this film. How to lose friends and alienate People never ever get to one of the ten biggest films or even ten comedies, but it has very high entertainment and some scenes can even win you. How to lose friends and alienate People are definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
