Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy MOVIE are about dolls that live when people are not around. In this adventure, they must rescue the pirate captain from a pirate captain called Babette. On their way they drive to Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Does their new friend's husband, Camel With Wrinkled Knees, help them or just slow them down when their friends hallucinate? How do they flee from King Cochoo and his henchmen? What does their owner, Marcella, say, when she sees her 7th birthday birthday doll with other toys? Two adventures await pleasant surprises. <br /> <br /> All scores are possible 10: 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come to life when the captain is not around. Not only because they go to many different places, but they are in an imaginary world, so something can happen. Meeting new letters, finding new places in different places, it's great. The characters also work so well and who doesn't love pirates?! Acting: 8 - Every character fits so well with your voice. Specifically Marlon Brando taffy pit enemy, Greed. The French doll has a very dense French accent, the evil Hitler-King Kookoo (who got the hair that resembles Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well, and the voice of the old black man of sadness works great for Camel. Why is that old dubbed animation so much better than the new ones? Music: 10 - There's nothing perfect here. The songs have been on my head for years and again, looking at it almost 20 years later, I still remember each one of them and now I know exactly where these stories come from. "Sesame Street" fame Joe Raposo did a great job for this song and everyone sings really well. <br /> <br /> Editing: 6 - Heh, this is where it's confusing. I mean, how far did Raggedy walk? Many events appear one after the other in succession and do not say WHO other dolls and toys were like you do not see the movie in the real world, but it follows some way and you know that they will eventually get where they have to go, that is just quite difficult to follow. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico, I have to say that there are parts in both movies that I will never forget how hard I am trying. Mainly frightening parts. I've probably already mentioned how older movies were much faster than today's animation, but it takes the cake into a frightening factor. Outside the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated music or good ones that come out so unique. <br /> <br /> Worthy: 8- His classic. It is worth a wolf to get a good copy, but copies of VHS are probably all stretched out now. The DVD version is sold all the time on ebay and it is definitely something you look at more than once. If anything get nostalgia for the purpose. <br /> <br /> Overall Score (not on average): 8 - It's a wonderful timeless music made in the late 70s that you can enjoy today. His characters are all unique and the songs are great. So big that you can rumble again and again. Give your favorite stuffed animal a hug today! Reviewer review (including biased): It's not like a decade later made by the Raggedy Ann TV series. It was a darker and more real world. The effects on it seem to be many of the 70's acidic cartoons, especially the Yellow submarine. However, I do not forget the memories that I will ever forget and that can still affect things. It was not easy to find, but it remains a treasure to keep a collection of your DVDs and videos.
