Oh, boy, God bless the 1970s, we got some of the most terrible movies that came in this decade: Exor, jaws, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: Musical Adventure. This movie must be used to torture caught terrorists by telling us about our evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this film frightened me. My sister got this movie in her VHS collection and I was kind of curious about what kind of movie they would put out of a doll that had a very small fine for children from a major depression. What the hell? It's a little funny how this movie is the 1970 version of Toy Story, pretty much under the key, but it was more scary a thousand times, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to get into children's drugs. <br /> <br Each time Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann lives with her brother Raggedy Andy and a full-time nursery full of colorful toys. The new doll Babette arrives in Paris, France and the United States on Marcella's birthday. Babette is a spoiled creature who doesn't know she is a doll, but a friendly Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette home. However, the pirate Captain Contagious rob him. Raggedy Ann and Andy left to save her before Marcella discovers that Babette has gone. Outside the kindergarten, there are two bricks with wrinkles on the knees, a blue camel who is thrown away by the owners of the past and is now heart and lonely. After Raggedy Anne and Andy ride on the camel, she starts to follow her hallucinations and, despite her, runs over the edge of the cliff to a deep hole. In this garden, they are exposed to greed, a giant taffy who eats constantly and is never full. Raggedys and camel flee narrowly, what greedy consumes and continues to travel to find Babette? and believe me, it is just that point. <br /> <br /> Although this movie was definitely annoying and I just wanted to shout and cover my eyes a lot during the movie, it was actually quite creative. On the day we were hand-drawn animation that made the movies more personal and that the writers and animators put their hearts on, you can say they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: Musical Adventure. It was certainly not the worst film I've ever seen, I just don't know who to recommend it. As I was scared, I have to admit that I'm glad I looked at it, sometimes you need "WTF?!" a movie that chooses your choice, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem with me. It's official that the doll is just plain creepy, let's just say it, there is a giant caramel drink that eats everything, the king who's head laughing as he laughs, the odd thing that lowers Raggedy Ann and his brother's strange almost incessant Ann and Andy and a few naked dolls that forever haunt my dreams with my songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
