For him, I had some views to surround me, but for me Kali's tears are one of the 00's fears and if an independent horror goes into a real masterpiece. The horror of the anthology is the story of the fictional Taylor-Eriksson Group, an Indian culture whose members have tried to seek self-knowledge and improve the psyche. For bookend segments in India, the film is basically created in Germany for three readings that illustrate the work of the Taylor-Eriksson group and some of the most disgusting ones. Its interesting structure is as it happens, but what changes it to the film is how the images are so carefully designed to develop the horror of the movies. The bad things are triggered and the film's overall progress is a look at how searching for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers, and others, and the film is full of intelligent visual clues to the power of the blind forces it deals with, dark forces not related to time, place or even with personality. A good example of this is especially in the first story about a journalist who interviewed a woman in a mental hospital. Before this story we have seen Lars Eriksson and especially his dirty (lazy?) Eye, we see him as healing or at least comforting the patient. The first spiritual spiritual patient is treated in the same way as Eriksson, who treats his fellow citizen, as well as covering the art canvas that he runs among his co-patients, one of their images being seen, the face is lazy as Eriksson. There are also references to folk in small roles, appearances, and walking, with an extra sensory perception of what is going on in the film, showing the wickedness that is widespread and capable of infecting almost others. The film is philosophically more than just evil, it is also a movie about death, suffering, and potential redemption, which is linked to a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be simply exploiting, but has more to do with actual beliefs than expected (at least from the study I did wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves important credit for his skills in film making. In addition to being a thoughtful film, it is also quite cool, Bhart's Indian and Panama John's soundtrack has a big miserable piano girl and a couple of remarkable performances, Michael Balaun as a bad doctor and Cora Chilcot, especially a freaky patient. good. The third story is also a tiny turn of veteran Mathieu Carrière as a healer of faith. The biggest problem with the film is that not so much time that the potential for fear has disappeared, these and a few other performances are quite well involved. So, the film is not quite as captivating as it may be, the occasional switching off and also the stretching, but in most cases I thought it was pretty big, when the short shine of it was shrouded. It is worth looking for adventurous fear fans, which I think.
