Where was this movie? After sharing his parents, Tadashi moves with his mother to live with his grandfather. Tadashi's sister remains with her father and they often talk on the phone. Grandpa is just "here" every third day. Mom is never really home. Children always choose a poor child. During the village festival Tadashi's "Kirin Rider" or the spiritual master of peace and justice will be chosen. He hardly believes that he will soon have to take on the role of a hero, because the forces of darkness will join mankind and destroy things in the plot to destroy the spiritual world. Okay, that was a simple part. Now comes the hard part of trying to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great children's movie. No, it's a great movie, faulty, (very bad?), But a big movie however. It opens up like all the big books that you loved as a child and are as close at times as Tadashi fights to find strength to become a hero. As I looked at it, I felt I was reading a big book and wondering how big it would have been if it were a book. I loved the movie not following the normal path. Things often happen through events or misuse, one sign comes to events just because his leg is asleep. There are turns and moments that seem to be not descendants and are even more charming (which is typical of Miike). This Japanese cinematic art is clearly responsible for the film, which often touches, scary and funny. No one, except Miike, understands that you may have many emotions at the same time, or that you may suddenly have twists when things become dark and then funny. I admire that Miike has made a film that is gloomy and budding, which does not fear scary, I really mean scary, especially children. It's the same dark territory that should be in Harry Potter's films, but rarely. This dark Grimms story with humor. My first reaction to seeing the opening picture was that I couldn't believe that someone would start with a picture of the end of the world with a picture, then I realized who was doing the movie. Hats for hats to make a movie that knows kids can handle scary images. <br /> <br /> It works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that the bad guys are doing are fake spam thrown away by mankind. His rage has been thrown to heat the monsters. One of Yokai's (spirits) talks of fury sneakers thrown away because they are dirty or too small when thrown. You also have one good guy who refuses to join the bad because it is a human being. Its a wild concept, but like other things that float around that will bring this movie to the second level. (There are many reefs and references to other films, TV shows, and novels that make me wonder who this movie is, because kids may not understand them, though many parents) And of course there are monsters too. They run from fresh cheesy to a remarkable stop everywhere. To be honest, you have to give your creation unevenness simply because they have to be hundreds, if not thousands, of monsters on the screen. It's cool and it works. One of the main characters is Yokai, which I think it is best described as a hamster, and it is often played by a stuffed animal, it feels stupid and yet you rejoice at the little bugger and love every time he travels with Tadash's head. (Adoption is also easier if you have ever seen the strange old woodcut of Japanese monsters) I mentioned mistakes and there are some. The effects are uneven, some sudden turns are a bit strange (even if they are understandable) and some other small things that are disappearing now about two hours after watching the movie. keeps you completely happy with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I'm pretty sure if I saw it as a child, it would have been a favorite movie all the time. (where is English?) Watch this movie. It's a great trip. (In addition to a good introduction to Miike's movies minus blood and graphic sex)
