Billed as Takashi Miike's "First Family Film" - people who haven't seen Zebraman. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even more family-friendly by diluting darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy fairy tale. The young boy is chosen from fate to save the world from monsters and horrors, which they mostly do not know. The film is probably a bigger budget than anything else Miike has done, along with many CGIs to create a fantasy world where odd creatures (YOKAI) live. The lack of extreme content may be due to more nervous investors, but I think it is probably that he wanted to do something else. He has never really been a one-trick pony, but he is often accused - perhaps YOKAI is meant to silence these critics. Regardless of this, it is a great project for Miike to direct his boundless imagination and invention. <br /> <br /> There is a very multifaceted feeling of Miyazaki's thoughts on the spot. Yokai is based on the old series of comics that were based on Japanese folk songs, which certainly influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). It should be remembered that Miike has nothing to do with Harry Potter's film, so that special effects are not a Hollywood-style work seamless - some blue screenings are particularly obvious. Some special effects are large, some very well animated creatures (CG, stop-motion, and doll products). I think a little sock doll that follows heroes for a large part of the movie was * meant * to really look cheap and that's all for it :) The young boy who plays the hero of the movie really does a good job - it's so hard find a pre-teen who really understands the concept of action, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a true talent (I see that he played in the last 2 Miyazaki films!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as a piece, but Mai Takahashi made an even bigger impression than princess-princess - yum yum! Those who are looking for another violent, perverse gangster film will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a fan of Miike for your imagination and mindset, there is much to be satisfied here. And this is an extra bonus you can happily put on any company :)
