This aired on the air yesterday, so I decided to review it. It was one of the latest Bruce Tim / Paul Dini DTV projects related to their old Batman animated series of 1992. Then came Jeff Matsuda with Batman's new Batman series, but anyway, the story of this new Batman. at the heart of the film are the new vigilants called Batwoman, but Batman feels the need to stop because of his extreme methods, and in the meantime, take down The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, who both work secretly with Carlton Duquesne (who is a family problem) and another villain (which later on in the movie), they also put on a batood. The question is, who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they may be more than one? Batman has this mystery to solve and stop Penguin's latest operation. For an animated film, this is a rather complicated and serious tone that is good. Another plus was the complete transformation of Penguin, which looks like a much more complicated Mob Boss, which we are used to seeing in comic, unlike our earlier images that borrowed Tim Burton's vision of Pengium (sewer and circus freak). Though the film contains a love lingerie, it has never gone so far and does not abduct the film like to say, Batman Forever. For these direct video projects, voice quality is standard (as only Batman: Phantasm mask), Kevin Conroy is still Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, although despite some very short 80-minute runs, he manages to make a pretty good (and complicated) story with some small turns and bucket loads. However, there are a couple of negative aspects, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I am sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne will not click as a couple, although they are simply referred to as Tim Drake (aka Robin) and quite frankly, I was never Paul Dini and Bruce The big fan of Timm Batman's character design (especially at their Batman show after the BTAS), this Batman and Robin's new adventure, well, makes Batman's fat then a well-built individual (such as the Batman Jeff Matsuda character model). Bruce Wayne seems a bit uncomfortable, these blue eyes make him more like Clark Kent than Bruce (although it is true that they look very similar). Another downside is Rupert Throne (there is no explanation of why he is in this deal, but it's safe to say he has gons and what the truncation is), which makes Penguin very little or hurt himself every time he refers to a weapon (see how many times this happens in the movie and you're surprised. Overall, a good Batman animated movie is worth at least rent.
