This option may include spoilers: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the end of the series and WB is currently working in a fair Union, this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if the Phantasm mask is commendable for Batman's first 70 episodes: The animated series and SubZero's 15 episodes of Batman and Robin adventures, Batister's mystery complicates Batman's Gotham Knights' last 24 episodes. Kevin Conroy brings voice over performance again, which is nothing good and perfect. I admit I was a bit leery when I heard about Batwoman, and all I thought was the old 50's Batman comics. But Batwoman's character, her appearance, her costume (which I expected it inspired Bruce Wayne to create a costume for Batman Beyond) and that film will keep you away from Batwoman. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a fire and I think the writers tried to suggest that Bruce and Barbara had something between them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and, unfortunately, Dick Grayson's alias Nightwing is not a mark or a reputation that makes me believe he has created himself in Bludhaven (his comic city). / / <br /> Three of Batwoman's suspects are my favorite Kathy Duquesne who looks like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as another suspect. When it comes to villains, I'm glad the penguin was one of them, but I didn't like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just didn't seem to. The same goes for Robin. The new man okay, but as I was used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who pronounces Carlton Duquesne, is now joker in "The Batman" series. And finally, we see what Rupert Thorne looks like because he didn't appear in the Gotham knights' episodes. Late John Vernon misses. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva's voice as Bane, when he had to replace, they got the right human Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could have used two new faces, a Riddler, or a frightening new fear. <br /> <br /> The musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were great. I wish it was on the soundtrack and I enjoyed a very beautiful and talented Cherie't Iceberg Lounge with my song Betcha Neva. While some feel that this film is weaker than the Phantasm and Subzero mask, I find it as strong and enjoyable as the rest, plus as I said earlier, this is a full-length movie based on the Batman Gotham Knights version. I think it's a good balance. I would recommend that you rent this DVD at least before buying it for those who might be the movie, but it is worth buying it personally. I give the woman a mystery a 9.
