It begins with several Albuquerque stages. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds Duke) is the leader and starts his usual wife in general because his girlfriend Pearl is an exception. Then he associates the hidden version of Samson's biblical story to justify his long hair retention against Pearl's hairdresser, not less, and who claims to follow his example would be out of business. This point returns to dominate the last scene of the movie. Gabby seems to be irritating to some reviewers, but is sure to be a plus. It is too bad that he was no longer the best Westernman of Randoph Scott to help Randy's normal iron jaw behavior. Also at this stage, Randy (Cole Armin), her future wife (Cathrine Craig, like Celia Wallace), whom she is acquainted with, and a little girl (Myrtle), whom she will soon become a hero when she rescues her after Randy's wheelchair Uncle John Armin (George Cleveland) revenge prevents the offensive phase, which mainly runs in the city. <br /> <br /> Randy quickly finds out that her uncle and, more broadly, herself, is not very popular among the city's people. But he makes Gabby quick friendship. After learning that Uncle John was responsible for his business competitor Celia Wallace and related murder, he demands that Uncle John return the money and decide to work instead of Celia and his brother Ted (Russell Hayden). Uncle John. As his rival's prospects rise, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) at Wallace's office to keep him informed of mine mines. so he can sabotage his run. If that doesn't work, it will lead to draconian tactics to stop the firing of his office, for which Randy is accused. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy Letty was at the apartment, with the evidence that she conquered Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty admit that they came in the apartment when the fire was discovered. It puts him and Letty in the dog house Celia (his obvious beau) and Tedi (who hopes to hope for Letty). This news also ends Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informant, and he advises him to leave the city. Instead, he changes sides and tells Wallaces why Randy was in his apartment. Uncle John tries to sabotage his ore again and if it fails, there is a general shootout in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well-designed and executed, with complex relationships between principles and various obstacles that Randy crosses, sometimes with the help of his companions. At least, Randy missed the need to bring her uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid the murder, but he believed that the woman could not fulfill her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful healthy women, as well as the small Myrtle, helped ease the atmosphere of a surviving battle as Uncle John put. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, gets the most female bill for Catherine Craig's Randy love. Barbara is much more limited during the camera. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up in the Lassie TV series, with George Cleveland as "Gramps", are surprised to find that he is playing such controlled controls. We may ask if its status as a wheelchair affects this person. This leaves him with little chance of living in the wild. Without a visible family who would help him (except Randy), he cannot afford to have a rebellion beat him in the most lucrative business in the city. On the other hand, he probably got his "boss" status from his conversations before he got involved in a wheelchair.
