"Ice Age" is one of the cartoons ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and was first released in 2002 by the company. We introduce the main characters: a squirrel called Scrat (expressed by Chris Wedge, and PLEASE NOTE: The sound of Scrat's screams is from the cartoons of Tom and Jerry of Tom's Shears), a woolly mammoth called Manny Ray Romano "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a slot called Sid (expressed by John) Leguizamo "Titan AE"), and a sword-toothed tiger named Diego (expressed by Denis Leary Pixari "A Bug's Life"). /> <br /> The movie opens when Scrat tries to bury the oak and right after that he created an avalanche. Then we see a flock going to the future ice age south (except Manny, who is going to look differently for other mammoths that seemed like him). Sid left his cave awake and saw his family give up on him. He then pays some treasures. Unfortunately he goes to Sylvia (Kirsten Johnston, "The Third Sun Rock"), a female orange slave who wants Sidi to travel with her. Finally, with the crew, he joined Manny and became friends. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, the human tribe Soto (expressed by Goran Visnjic), a bad-toothed tooth-shaped tiger who wants to drive half of his package to revenge tribes, just stealing his infant son Roshan from him. In the morning, the tribesmen of Diego, Diego and Soto, Lenny (expressed by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (pronounced by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (expressed by Jack Black), were attacked by the leader's wife, and gave him to Manny and Sid. Finally Diego joins them and went on to return to Roshan for his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find, okay? Next to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia, and Roshan are supportive characters, including the wolf package used by the Roshan tribe, and not to mention the fat female purple slave named Jennifer (expressed by Jane Krakowski) and the skinny female yellow stupid named Rachel (expressed by Lorri Bagley) to whom Sid shows them to Roshan when they relax in the tarry. By the way, two rhinos, Carl (which was expressed by Cedric's PDI entertainer "Madagascar") and Frank (expressed by Stephen Root Pixar "Finding Nemo") who go after Sidi for destroying their meal and Manny with a cliff are simple smaller characters. The same goes for the Dodos who use melons as food. <br /> <br /> The ghosts of this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk saying, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the tarmac, Sid asks Jennifer "What do you say when we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Then Jennifer replies to her, "What do you say when you go to jump TAR PIT!" Rachel then strikes Sidi's waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sidi with her teeth around her neck, then asking Sid whether she is holding her breath, telling Diego to eat her, and walking straight away. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not just a success, but it has two sequences: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006 and the second was "Ice Age: Dinosaur's Dawn" , which will be released next year. I can't wait to see what is "Ice Age: Dinosaur Threshold".
