I have seen that Slaughter High has many times over the years and always found it to be a nice sense of humor, but I didn't know it was filmed in the UK and I didn't know that the actor playing Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) did suicide. I guess I noticed this when I looked at last night, that the actors' words seem rather strange to the Americans and some of them aren't very good at hiding their English accents. <br /> <br /> The classic of Martys, who is the butt of his classmates' jokes, and on a particular day, April, on a dusk, has attracted a girl's dressing room to one of Caroline Munro's (yes, teenager) and humiliated big time on film. Of course, the coach tries to catch the gang at work and they have all the vigorous workouts to punish them, but not before a few couples who slip into Marty's common things he is trying to smoke in the chemistry lab, but it's full of something that makes him sick and when he running to the toilet, slipping one of his classmates and putting on a chemical that reacts with Marty's mixing, resulting in a fire and a bottle of nitric acid that leaves Marty poor. ten years later, the same gang is a good old Doddsville high for his class reunion, which looks strangely open and inaccessible, but thanks to ingenuity they manage to enter and find a place that seems to be abandoned ... except where there is room, where banquets and liqueurs are kept, and of course they eat, drink and rejoice. Soon they will of course die. <br /> <br /> Gang has been kidnapped one by one with a figure, but could it be Marty? They don't know they think he's either created or working for IBM, they're not sure what. But whoever it is, he makes them fast. Particularly disgusting is a girl who takes a bath to wash her blood from one of her classmates, whose inside came to her with all the poisoned beer. He is a victim of an acid bath, which, in my opinion, may have been part of the original cut of the tape version, as it seemed extra nasty when I looked at it this time. I may be wrong, but I believe it wasn't on tape. <br /> <br /> In any case, it is somewhat complicated and it also contains video clips that are not on tape. There is also a bit of nudity early on, which was also cut out, but besides that I didn't notice whether this uncut version had other bits, probably so, but it has been a while since I've seen it last time. br /> <br /> In any case, if you are a fan of 80s slip sheets, click on the new edition of DVD because it is a fun little atmosphere with a good atmosphere and feeling. 7 out of 10
