Slaughter High begins like every other day in Doddsville County High School, where little Minx Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) has been tricked by resident joke Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) into the girls' dressing room, where he tells him to dress in the shower. Carol's collegion will come and now give naughty Marty a big surprise because they're filming her when they shut up a girls' toilet in April's joke. The school sports bus (Marc Smith) rescues Marty and punishes a gang who blames Marti quite hard, they decide to play him only this time. face. Years later, and the entire gang has been invited to a class meeting now in a closed school, they all find out that they are the only ones there. They all suffer inside where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones out there because Marty is back and she has revenge ... <br /> <br /> Originally shot with the name April Fool's Day, they probably changed because another movie called April Fool's Day (1986), made in the same year, is an unusual English co-production of the American because he has three credited writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra & Peter Litten (after he never saw a movie I have now seen two credited directors two weeks ago, another is Jean-Claude Van Damme, who tends to Kickboxer (1989)) and I have to say that I really liked Slaughter High, although it seems to have a bad reputation. One thing I like about the script is that it is a pure unashamed slasher flick, it doesn't try to be anything else and it simply accepts and plays genre rules, drawbacks and aspirations. Basically, it offers what it promises, a killer killer, blood, boobs and babes. I thought the character was okay, the story was OK, although it is just an excuse to get a teenage load from an isolated location, so some killers can hit them one by one. something for which Slaughter High gets a lot of bottles. The first half starts a bit slowly, but the other half moves along the knot speed, because killing another son is one. Some situations and character reactions make little sense, but the same can be said for almost every movie that has ever been made, who complains? <br /> <br /> Despite the three credited director Slaughter High, I enjoyed a lot of movies. The isolated deserted school, made for a real atmosphere location, seemed good, was made by good thunderstorms, and there is some nice photography, especially at the end, where there are many impressive uninterrupted and lasting stedicam tracking frames that follow the lost school of Caroli's various corridors. Although not very stylish, it looks pretty nice and professionally made. Here are also some good holes, including burnt bodies, people melted with acid, impalings, stomach explosions, facial axes and deadly lawn mowers, as well as someone who drowns in stools in the stool! Special effects are also better than expected, and I was both impressed and satisfied with the weight we expected. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is better than I had been waiting for and wins the worst horror budget. published today, I would have thought it was a relatively small budget. Obviously, it was shot in America in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that sounds exactly like all his other musical points and is basically the same as on Friday 13th (1980) and its successor. Anyone who lives here in the UK is likely to recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular Emmerdale Farm (one of our nation's best soap operas), where he plays Terry Woods! While most of the spooky fans feel sexy Caroline Munro's rare vigorous role. The legendary exploiter Dick Randall did the Slaughter High act and actually appears as a film producer ... talking about typecasting! You may also see a poster about the misunderstood shine that was in Pieces (1982), which he had in his office. <br /> <br /> Killing High is a slaher movie that I really liked, did you see it? I didn't say it was nice, I actually said that I liked it on a personal level and I'm sure the predicted plot and story probably don't come out of many, so I can't recommend it, but I can say I liked it , do what you want. Make sure you look at the uncut version if you've ever decided to check it. If your non-fan doesn't let you crack, then Slaughter High won't change your mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slip, you could do it a lot worse.
