Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who works on the smallest "artificial" imaginary objects. Daily items such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - items that most of us at best perceive as utilitarian and trigger than without aesthetic values, instead make Burtynsky a camera for brilliant objects. It achieves this result by focusing on the repetitive colors and geometric patterns that are probably present in the industrial world - for those who perceive them sufficiently. Even the garbage bins that have been collected can become objects of beauty when viewed through a Burtynsky lens (but we didn't know about it from Wall-E?). She is particularly interested in taking photographs in areas such as mines and shipyards where a person is already in the wild - which may explain why people in her picture (ie the employees of these sites) sometimes become part of an industrial landscape with uniform clothing and robot movements. <br /> <br /> "Made Landscapes", a documentary about Burtynski's work, is a lot of "Koyaanisqatsi" feeling, because it dazzles us with a kaleidoscope of rich images and patterns. Indeed, director Jennifer Baichwal and operator Peter Mettler capture the essence of original photographs cinematically, as their own camera is recorded by Burtynsky and his assistant who run photo-photography at a Chinese factory, a shipyard in Bangladesh and a massive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China on a construction site. Filmmakers work with the beauty of Burtynsky's pictures as their liquid camera work. In fact, the film opens with an eight-minute tracking of a Chinese factory, where hundreds of similarly dressed workers strike perfectly in symmetrical and color-arranged lines. <br /> <br /> The film is less good when Burtynsky goes over to formulate "work" on his work, which, frankly, comes out confused, contradictory and, at best, semi-cooked. But this is a purely aesthetic experience that highlights the image and form that "Made Landscapes" resonate the most. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps the picture is worth a thousand words.
