I had heard that this film was an exploration of the landscape photographer's art, presenting the beauty of deconstructing the natural landscape of man. It certainly showed jobs to find locations, set up shots and capture sharp images with the ultimate destinations for art studios around the world. It is really a horrible show put together in moving pictures. Each sequence stands independently, but in combination you get deeper and deeper into the inevitability of inevitability. There are a few words, it promises greatness in what is shown in self-proclamation. A terrible, massive factory full of human machines that live in hopelessly dormant dormitories. Individuals who die early when rumors of recyclable waste in our e-waste mountains. The birth of giant ships and their destruction by hand in gigantic cemeteries. Building the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and probably all the time. The time when the city dies will simultaneously return to a copy of modernity, which will purposefully destroy all the remains of culture. <br /> <br /> For me, the most terrible picture was the damsel engineer who explained that the most important dam function was flood control. Shooting will shift to the orchard behind the spokesperson, where you will see the level of the latest floods, when the toxic water has eaten with the tree bark, showing that there is nothing in the waters other than the ugly pest. <br /> <br /> Obviously, this hasn't been said, it's much more powerful than your usual preaching. Save Earth's documentaries. Artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method perfectly. "Don't say what you should see?" many people today sit in an awkward place where you don't necessarily want to give up what we have, but we understand what we do, causing problems that work deeply. It's not easy or wrong. It needs a whole new way of thinking. Its subjectivity falls in the / or the proposal, but the films are screaming that the decision is made to the blind side very favorably. waves of what you witness to wash away from your consciousness and think, is only one conclusion possible? we are doomed. The advancement of mankind, which is immaterial to our nature, leaves behind the carnage that this artist scares. What he actually occupies is our paths, which we involuntarily attack our own deaths. Unlike most environmental films, it ends without a gun. Basically, this is what it is, but it makes sure you blame us all equally.
