This is a documentary that came out of the excellent work of a Canadian landscape photographer who has long been interested in the destruction of human beings or buildings on earth. It starts with a large factory complex full of people doing very different things, partly high tech equipment; it is not really very clear. The emphasis is on how big a place is and how many people are there and how they are surrounded by small yellow jackets. The film also shows a photographer who works on a high structure to continue to make them out of the factory and talk to his team as he does. It is a world of relentless industrialization. It is a relaxation at least to know that these breathless images are not presented without a human voice, as is the Nicolaus Geyrhalter's cleverly cold documentary about the food industry, "Our Daily Bread". "Manufactured Landscapes" includes images of people who are destroying e-waste and the city (many cities, indeed) that the biggest oak has destroyed, with one small girl's key brand from its neighborhood rubble. in a bowl where there are a couple of staples almost larger than it is. Some of these scenes, those with poorly paid employees who got into dangerous and poisonous places, could have been memorably photographed by Prime Minister Engagé photographer Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not so interested in seeing people close. His direction puts him somewhere between the cold, neutral, contemporary landscapes of Salgado and Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All this is happening in China, of course, although the photographer has a black and white film before. around a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in New Age's industrial style, which is alternately calming and oppressive. There are many pictures of the photographer's work - or were they some of the film crew? This is not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see people traveling through their beautiful work exhibitions - big dramatic prints of carefully crafted, colorful camera images with beautiful shine. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and brilliant images of places that are essentially despised, and the ordinary eye is scattered and boring. He admits that he does not take a political position. If we can compare our pictures with the pictures taken by the filmmaker Peter Mettler's roaming eye, Burtynsky's work is almost a glorification and thus a forgery. But he shows us places that when we look carefully, we reveal the story of our complete darkness of devastation and neglect, no matter how well they are made. <br /> <br /> Burtynsky, logically, but not entirely fortunate enough, whose voice commands speak of most of the movie because it extends from different sites. Burtynski's "epifhidies" could have inspired his decades of subtle work, but they are nothing but truism about how we irreversibly change the planet; depend on oil that ends; that China is late in the massive industrialization game and can therefore burn early with the depletion of fossil fuels. The interest of "made landscapes" would be much greater if it were accompanied by reasonable new ideas. The reasons for this tracking are two: see Burtynsky's work and raw material images, the spaces he visits, and the chronicle so beautifully; and to observe the scenes of the enormous, frightening, frightening and quite dreadful industrialization of today's China. It even feels wrong. The new landscapes they have, but they are a by-product of production rather than "made". "Landscape of waste" or "destroyed landscapes" may be better headlines. This documentary leaves much room for an intellectually searchable film about this intriguing topic; and those who want to learn more about Edward Burtynsky could better understand their books or exhibitions.
