As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley was in this flick, I said I had to watch this movie. He is the undisputed protagonist, Domino, the bounty hunter. His "work", like "no action" scenes teach us, reflects his insurgent, violent attitude to life. I have to admit that this is the first time I watch an action film whose most important scenes are those where the weapons are far from the hands of the characters. So it won me a bit. Anyway, for all John Woo fans, helicopters are falling, explosions, fires like rain and cute Keira, who shoots two machines, one hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, which in this film is a real tomboy, quite different from what we see as usual, Mickey Rourke is back with his usual blast face and his strong body. Christopher Walken does his job quite well as a producer of a reality show. <br /> <br /> Let's go to content: this movie is journalistic. The discussion scene is "nasty" real. Anyone who followed this load. . . you know that this is the air you breathe in these situations. In addition to the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "trash, not offense", she says "I don't take it as an insult". This film is a difficult life. Domino, from a world that did not want him, Ed (Mickey Rourke), the bounty hunter "not so merciful", Choco (the third boy of the band), whose family is (using Ed's words), "he has been" Alf, leader / bomber from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation, a number of people in some way representing a man who was born "without shirts", unhappy, violent, and nothing to lose, expressing their (as they would consider) unhappy life. it is "inspired by real ... more or less" so I couldn't tell you how true it is. Anyway, crossing explosions and tens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the movie more easily visible and classified as an action movie ), the story of the characters is too realistic to be "changed". <br /> <br /> The interaction of the characters is different, well researched and certainly not boring. What is not so much convinced of me is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober if never in his acting career). This is just why Domino is about to tell his story (and this is a story). Probably the only "con" in the movie with lots of "pros". <br /> <br /> In summary: it's not "SWAT". Characters are compiled; they have identity, shape. They have a name and a surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). This is to say that it is a biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a month.
