Pre-announcement: I'm sure somebody accuses me of playing a competition card, but when I saw a preview of this movie, I thought, "Finally!" I have not yet seen one of the popular African dance influenced by the film (be it popular hip-hop moves, breaking or stepping) where the main character was a black woman. I've seen too many movies where a non-black woman who knew nothing about hip-hop is fresh on the hood and does a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, but Black Women in the movie is almost non-existent. It always struggled with me with so much hip-hop, african-influenced dance and broke in black and latin in massive quantities in these specific collections, and it wasn't always in the hands of men, so I felt this film was a long time. However, the contest does not make a film, so I also wanted it to carry a credible plot; Dancing is fun; and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really enjoyed this movie that brings Jamaica's culture. I never remember that I saw a popular, mainstream movie where all the main characters were Jamaican; own credible accents; and was not beanies stereotyped. Steppers, family, friends, and even "scammers" were all really intelligent, realistic people who tried to live and live in the neighborhood, doing something positive. Even when the audience learned that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, she didn't make the plot stereotyped. I was pleased with how it was portrayed. I loved stepping on; a romantic flirtation between two steppers; studies that the main character's parents passed; and how he was going to return to his neighborhood and dealt with the crab barrels. I respected that she was both intelligent and active at the same time, and so many other sister of the film took the world. They were all as big as companions. I don't see it in too many films today, at least not in what is considered black film. <br /> <br /> Minuses: I'm not sure why the drivers or the filmmaker put together. , but I doubt they have shown the real steps. Every time the steppers were ready for the play, some hip-hop songs would be played instead of a hit by the steppers / feet. As a real step, it shows that music is a zero need, except that it may attract crowds between groups. And then, when playing hip-hop songs, sometimes singing a song was a stroke of hands and feet. It was uncomfortable. I was more impressed by this movie versus "Stomp Yard" (another big movie) because women were able to represent both harsh and boys ("Stomp the Yard," "Meagan Good" got all a few seconds) with some prissy swirls and hair flip and ( A song and a few steps and was immediately cut off. Even when there were very small scenes, women pulled it up, especially in the car shop, and without all this music their physical music was killed. I know the soundtrack has to be sold, but the people in the movie could play music in the music. <br /> <br /> I am not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw him, I thought, "Is it written for a script to keep his hand constantly on his hip, when he talks? " He looked at the screen uncomfortably. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rokon. However, Deray Davis was an ordinary funny. I also fell as I learned that the film should be ghetto, as stepping might not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few people were depicted as being too ignorant of their neighborhood and losers, which conventional films tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given five stars to this movie, but the music played it. to me. I certainly plan to buy it when it comes out, and hopefully the bonus scenes will add real steps without all the songs.
