Adaptation of Canadian director Kari Skogland's Margaret Laurence novel film Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn is a Hagar Shipley, a proud and appealing woman approaching her nineties who want to remain independent until the end, refusing to give Marvin a good meaning to her nursing home. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and in the fictional city of Manawaka, Stone Angel is a simple and ordinary interpretation of the book that needs to be read in the English classes of Canadian high school for almost half a century. <br /> <br /> The movie's title comes from the stone form of Hagar's mother's tomb, which is the metaphor of Hagar's inability to express emotions during her emotional life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but it is a little too pleasant to realize a fully ego-driven, self-winning character who was able to alienate his rich father, his good sense, but his alcoholic wife and both his sons. When he finishes his days, he reflects that "pride was in my wilderness and the demon who scared me. Fear was. I was alone, never anything else and never free because I wore inside my chains and they spread out of me and everything I touched. ”Hagar looks back at his recent days in a nursing home and looks at his unsuccessful relationships, the memories that are shown in rebounds without a vote - a story that he started as a young girl. His aunt Dolly is accused of meeting his future husband, formerly married to Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city is blended with his commitment to the American population.No young Hagari plays Christine Horne, who is in his first role In spite of Hagar's procedural document, his cold and rigid father rejects his relationship with Bram, whose refusal to leave the marriage starts with marriage. This is exacerbated by the fact that he left all his money to the town of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to poverty. <br /> <br /> Hagar is giving up his marriage to Bram. to prevent the city from rejecting the upper class. When he produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), he can't give them the love they need. "Any joy I can have for my husband or my child or even the light of the morning" reflects, "everyone was forced to stand because of proper appearances? When did I ever talk about the truth of the heart?" managed to defeat his pride, Hagar Manawaka leaves to live in Ontario, but finally returns to Shipley Farm. <br /> <br /> As the scene goes back to the abandoned land near the Hagar Ocean, which he remembers from childhood, to get to Marvin and his wife, Doris (Sheila McCarthy), into a nursing home. Here he meets a young man Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in him and forces him to look and take responsibility for the mistakes made in his life. Stone Angel pulls out all the emotional stops, but never does it fully develop its mark at the point where I felt a story about the result of the story, though Ellen Page, like John's dedicated but naive girlfriend and moving into the final scenes, bring new energy to the other side of the movie.
