I was surprised how much I enjoyed this most thoughtful drama, which almost missed due to its quite impressive 6.6 rating; if I rarely give a movie any time below 7/10. Having said that, I am so glad that I gave Stone Angel a look so earned. And so, if you are one of the increasingly rare sensitive, spiritual and thoughtful people who have lived in this country, I have to say that it is in many ways (though not all), namely its themes, execution, style, production, etc. . Stone Angel reminded me a lot of "The Notebook". I'm so surprised that other commentators did not accept many similarities that repeatedly hit me throughout this movie, so I can only assume that those who have commented have not seen the laptop yet. They do not share any subject of Alzheimer's disease, but I can say with certainty that if you really liked "Laptop", you will definitely find a lot of time to deal with your "Angel Angel" the most fruitful. But even if you haven't seen a laptop or read the book on which it is based (which by the way, I haven't done it), you should definitely find a lot to keep your attention firmly - as long as your favorite music doesn't include fast paced thrillers . It is for movie thinkers and for those who want to remind of the passing of time, how life will change over the years and what could have happened in one's life one year. <br /> <br /> This odd undervalued, but the big movie really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame my current low rating of 6.6/10 for 11% of the idiots that gave it 1/10. After all, there have been less than 300 votes at the time of writing this comment. Nonetheless, if those 11% who gave him the lowest rankings were really expecting car rides and explosions, why didn't they see ... even a few seconds in the movie room and on the advertising lines? Oh dear ... No matter what the world is coming up with, don't miss this least underestimated gem movie - but only * if * you have the brain (ie your top ten does not include Transformers, Fight Club or Terminator).
