The Titanic offers a story about the fictional love story of the "Titanic", run by James Cameron. The area is not simple, complex for those who love spinning, rotating, and spinning areas. The end of the film may be figured within minutes of the film's start, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is as beautiful as an aristocrat young lady who is engaged by Cal (Billy Zane). On an early trip, Gul meets with a low-class artist Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) on his way to America after winning a Titanic ticket in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it different from the top level of social concern. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <p style = "text-align: justify; "> The Titanic, the Titanic, has recently occurred. One of the victims of the Titanic, Gul DeWitt Bukater, who heard the crash on television, goes to the rock to remember that he was looking for a searchable boat. Remembers the one and only journey of the Titanic. Along with this, the scene goes to Southampton, the Republic of Ireland, which sails with Titanic support since April 10, 1912, as all passengers depart. After another stop on the shores of Ireland, the Titanic went to see the first trip across the Atlantic to New York. The first few days of the historic journey did not come up, but the fictional story of the story develops during this time, because Rose sees the despairing crown of a rich Cal Hockley and loves a third-class passenger, Jack Dawson. As shown in the film, Captain Smith was called by the White Star Line Director to boost the speed of the boat, as shown in the film, and will arrive in New York on Thursday night, not as planned on Thursday, as Thursday's Thursday. Later, Smith made a determined decision against his thirty-two year experience to extend Titanic's foot at full speed. The Titanic says the waters in the Atlantic are full of refrigerators, but have not seen these warnings and continue at full speed as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912, at 11:39, an iceberg was seen. They tried to shut down the engines and take off the boat from the iceberg, but they did not have enough time and were exposed on the board by the iceberg, as shown in the film. On the edge of the ship is not a large stick along the side of many small holes and side. The crew of the Titanic dispatched challenges and the lights finally set off dangerous missiles as shown in 2:18. California's lights were only six miles away, but they did not realize what was happening and Titanic needed a lot of help. Californians tried to warn the Titanic, which caused the Titanic to stop their journey, but Titanic turned off the California radio and left Titanic on its own. First-class women and children are the first to describe the twenty-four helicopters on board. Most third-class passengers said that most of the class was missing and that the crew was hit hard at this tragedy. According to White Star Line employees and first-class passengers, the authorities believed in the second and third class passengers while trying to learn about the sinking. Also, the metal used to build the Titanic, in recent years, has been severely damaged by the Titanic in severe cold weather. Generally speaking, the groundbreaking events and the events that happened during the Titanic are very clear. Most of the characters in the story are not real, and just like the essence of the film, or compositional symbols to represent people's qualities and ideas on the ship. Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose's main group are fictional characters, because they represent different groups than the story. But many such characters, Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer, Thomas Andrew; White Star Line Representative Bruce Ismay; and all Titanic officers were real. The boat trip would have been the last visit of Captain Edward Smith, as he planned to retire from the beginning. Since 1880, he has been an integral part of the White Star Line, where the Titanic worked as a Captain of the Millions when he sank. Officers' drawings survived the tragedy, with the exception of the officer who was only threatening to kill all the passengers of the ship with a pistol. He is a heroic actor and has been exemplified by James Cameron's apology and a memorial reminder of the honor of a former civil servant in the former Canadian city. As shown in the film, there were a language problem between many sub-class passengers coming from crews and non-English speaking nations. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer to return to the returned rock as described. The elderly men in the bed were standing at Strauss. Ms. Strauss, who did not want to leave her husband, refused to enter the boat and died with her husband in Titanic. In addition, Mr Goggenheim, who squeezed his brandy and smoked, came out as if he were the best. The richest man in the boat, James Agor, who had the majority of Manhattan, still died, but his younger wife survived a rescue. Additionally, Molly Brown survived and later received the medals for the Carpethia crew, which he received from Titanic's survivors. The Titanic's ticket was over $ 4,000 and broke down to the end of his life. Inside the ship was replaced as a prince in the last pieces of silver and silver in China. The gymnasium, which is very difficult, has been perfectly rebuilt with all the machines produced in the old photographs. The beautiful suit and suit was a great reconstruction of the Post-Victorian era since 1912. As women's electoral rights acted still, the wealthy ruled everything. Rose has often been married for financial security during this period, because Rose reminded Gül that he was getting a status of a living for his husbands as Rose wanted. The "new money" did not look good as described by rich Molly Brown. All of your time was very formal. Women should be accompanied by a number of men, as seen on the dining scene. Over time, cigarettes were not common among women, but cigarette holders shot in the film were used as seen in the film. Men of the day usually did not smoke cigarettes. Women were sexually assaulted by the corset and society. In the history of the Titanic's experts, James Cameron has no history, although for two years he has crossed the history of the Titanic and has been freed several times. Beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped make the film more breathable. <br /> <br /> A titanic, seen in the movie, suggests that people on the boat think about it for about three hours. Director James Cameron shows the various reactions of the crisis in people's lives so far. Everyone reacts differently, and he begins to think of how he reacted tonight, when he was in this situation in the Titanic. In addition, this film was reflected in the Titanic ruins in the 1990s and was reflected after its production. Only the past fifteen years have been found and investigated by the actual Titanic site. This film gives us an opportunity to look more deeply into a catastrophe that many will not see. Today, however, moral questions arise that people need to get away from the ruins of underwater cemeteries. There were attempts to stop treasure hunting as described in the Titanic, but all failed. To my mind, today everyone can travel to the Titanic and accept any of his valuable things as we have shown in the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is very good. The accident at the bottom of the ocean turned into twelve dives to get all the footage needed for the film to get it. Moreover, a special camera should be created to counteract intense pressure on the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the forecast to navigate within the Titanic for as long as 88 years since the ship's sinking, but it saw a unique perspective on the boat. In addition, throughout the film, it is up to the Titanic, a true companion to the Titanic's crash. This change between the modern scene and the past scene works as a perfect link in travel and makes it easy to keep track of the story. At the start of the film, relaxation of a septum is used to create scenes in contrast to other events of the film when real people leave the European coast of Titanic. <br /> <br /> The Titanic is almost an epic, like a historical biography and a work of art. Like most historical novels, we know the end, but it does not go away from the beautiful manifestations of this kind. Certain aspects of this film are the Academy Award Feature, including costume, sound, cintematography and editing. <br /> <br /> If you love interesting characters that will give you an idea of ​​the characters' lives and disasters in the early 1900s, this is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
