In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton banned cloning of research, failed Princess Diana's death, won the Marlins world series, and produced a female septuplets. This was a great time for the release of one of the greatest films of all time, the Titanic: a story about a dream ship, a child and a girl who was exposed to love, their social class, and the height of romantic commitments the ship faced with disaster. I do not think the Titanic will be as big as everyone else is, the movie was bigger than life, and there were millions of fans, 85% were teenage girls, and I was 12 and, of course, I saw the movie several times. It was a movie I thought was a really good thing about Jack and Rose's love. I felt that Titanic did not make a mistake, of course I grew up and never watched the movie since I was 14 years old, and I've seen 5.99 DVDs a few years ago, and that's a good price and now I see what I think about the movie. Was it worth the dessert? This was the best movie of all time? Leonardo's got a real nose? Okay, I know it's not worth saying, but I watched the movie again. Being totally honest here, the Titanic is a great movie, not the best movie of all time, but it depends on your good movie idea, but Titanic delivers emotionally, humor, disaster, emotions and never go to our companionship. <br /> <br /> The film, Brok Lovett and his band, is looking for a necklace with a valuable blue diamond named Oceana's Heart, starting with the investigation of RMS Titanic's crash. Failing, they find a picture of a young woman wearing the ocean's heart, which is the day of the Titanic's fall, when she is naked. 101-year-old Rose Dawson learns Calvert's painting and contacts her to give information to Lovett in her relationship. He and his grandson Elizabeth visit "Lizzy" Calvert, Lovett and his squad suspect. When asked about the location of the rose, Rose Calvert remembers his memories of the Titanic, and for the first time he claims to be Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the senior 17-year-old Rose, married with Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, married both of them, emphasizing the importance of Gul's Cal's involvement, marriage marriage Dewitt-Bukater Debt: When he was in the upper class, Gul and his mother were financially broke. As her guilty hate and angry because her husband was oppressing her husband, Cal and attempted suicide by jumping off the bowl. Before he splashes, a reptile and artist interrupts Jack Dawson. Jack and Rose, as he thanked him to save his life, attacked former friendships and shared stories about travel and sketching adventures; racist dance, music and beer will deepen when they leave the first class supper for the lively combination of beer and livers in the third class. But when Calin's servant informed Gul of his whereabouts, Rose banned Jack from looking again. However, after his seven-year-old daughter witnessed to a woman who encouraged her to behave like a "pretty lady" in the river, Rose opposed her and her mother, asking Jack to be bare and only to wear the ocean, <br /> <br /> They witness the fatal crash of the ship after entering the boat. After discussing the seriousness of the Gul's fight, Gul says his mother and Calini should be warned. At the same time, Cal finds a note on Rose's naked picture and security, so Jack put Jack in the Jack's jackpot because he stole the Ocean's heart by having a Lovejoy plant. After learning Cal, Jack intends to leave Jack to fall in the sky, Rose is trying to escape him and his mother. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Although Cal and Jack are enemies, both want to rely on Gul. But when he realized that Jack could not leave, Gul was thrown into the boat and joined Jack in the first-class merchant. <br /> <br /> If the "Titanic" is able to escape so far, Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, lifeboats go and the ship is finally going down into the Freezing Atlantic Jack and Rose. I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think it won a few tones, and everyone was in love with the movie because somehow just wanted to trim the film. . But there are very nice acting, beautiful effects, a well-written story, and it still looks flawless. Because of the incredible ability to love or hate this movie's Leo's baby face or Kate's sight cry, you'll have to lose a lot of kicking because it's a special thing in this movie. I always have a special place in my heart, and I've seen that this movie was released 8 times in the theater. <br /> <br /> I would like to put this movie aside, this is a day and I'm sure the classics will not go down one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
