It is a movie by Indian cinema, run by Govind Nihalani. How can police be the first woman to reflect the simple reality of corruption in politics and politics, and how a young police officer will be affected. Police forced his father's father to join his career by police. We agreed that we watched very good cop / bad cop movies in Hindi, but it's different. The growing generation, watching dark and real movies such as "Satya", may consider it to be a lower product, but its time to prepare. The film did not pay too much attention to this kind of film, and its defeat sound was completely overwhelmed when it became the most sought-after film in the classroom and mass audience at the time it was released. Om Puri gave a class performance like Inspector Velankar for the first leap in the main Indian cinema. His more police character, many things internalized, is an original thing in this act of acting. You can watch his horrors with his father and his favorite Smita. Smita Patil maintained the dignity of the character until the expected level. My God has carried my natural testimony! Shafi Inamdar was truly a discovery for me, and when he gave me a chance, he was a brilliant actor, and in one of the scenes he even went to Om. The film is the beginning of a promising man in the Sadashvili Amrapurkar, like the "Rama Shetty" on India screen. This other story has not taken on such a fleshy role, and today it has been forgotten by one of the losers of Dharmendra's B-class action films. Look at the scene First time he was a rebel who played his father's (purple purple) and then shared wine. How can internal truth be able to deal with the feelings of love and hatred against one another? The two sides of the Indian Police Organization - between the Personality and the Impotency and the lie between the two (ardh satya). Kudos Nihalani's touch. Best film, best director and Best Supporting Actor category and Best Actor - Om Puri & 3 Filmfare Award, won 2 National Awards. <br /> <br /> It is recommended to anyone interested in Indian films nostalgia. <br /> <br /> Figures - 8/10
