The Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is an outrageous film for trying to portray it in the uber-conventional world. A yakuza / triangle picture, mostly against the Chinese, as suggested by Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters, but the first technical "debut" at the moment is also Takashi Miike's social aspects of black market trading of precious commodities in many aspects, human organs from child organs; nostalgia for the childhood and the roots of one, especially the Dead or Alive 2; the nose of nature in nature, such as gay sex and (satirical) violence / violence against women; violence that causes bloodshed. This is certainly not as unusual as Miike's latest film, but it's just expected to break down things that started learning straight after the video programmers. <br /> <br /> These are all qualities and, at the same time, are equally as terrifying and heartwarming, crazy (drama) and sardonic and genre fans as movies with him. <br /> <br /> A story is that a brother, a Chinese orphan who was raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, a fairway like an Eastwood-esquire anti-heroes / hero), and a gangster or one. The main arch comes from the network that captures the probability of Wang (a certain penalty for a band that Tomorowo Taguchi has played in a spare time with a group that represents a typical wacko in his eyes) and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, a threatening Miike movie It is rare to turn on organic, even repeating a recurrent order for a woman who ignored it after a welding contract, and there are some intrigues that cover the trading scheme of the army that Kiria is almost a victim and the network of sexually transmitted Hero is a little puppet with at least the main gangsters wanting to do it all, while Miike and his writers, from Shakespeare (for this reason, when it's worn with Macbeth, "dogs will not come out" when they are a little gay, ) has many features. <br / > <br /> <br /> If this does not add to the same emotional level that Shakespeare's great game will affect, it's parallel to a movie like that. Miike's goal is to have a gangster form, an assassination in the world, and an unrepentant gender with the added level of family problem (the main tension between brothers and sisters and parents), even though they are familiar with the smallest ambitions: sexual sound, psychologically, in the symbol. Meanwhile, the Triangle of the Shinjuku also contains a few minutes more than the classic mixing black comedy from Miike's work. Someone should be taken with many segments, like the director's betrayal, from the beginning with the face or from the beginning, or "questioning" at random. twisted area. After completing an action in one of the bosses, there is even a laugh-out-high line from a young slave: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer are not enough to make a dark comedy like the movie Ichi, or, of course, a Guest Q, but enough to bring some harmony to the story and characters in the dark. /> <br /> I was very surprised to mention that as the first introduction to the "Black Society" trilogy, it was a nice noisy card of one of the newest new artists in modern cinema.
