Without a doubt, Rob Schmidt was known as the "Master" in the genre of fear because he was only targeted for a horror film called "Wrong Turning" and one of them was really above average, but in fact, the "Right to Die" and the second season of Horror Masters of franchise one of the best and most surprising episodes. William Malone "Fear Dot Com" and "The House in Haunted Hill", with a very poor confidence, had a story similar to that of a season when it prepared the best episodes with The Fair Haired Child. The story of "right to die" is sound, and today's pipe is sounded in the public debate of the euphoria, but thanks to the cunning revenge, the slaughtered compasses, the pitch black humor and the funny nature of the book are horrific. While traveling to a late-night home and discussing her husband's continued adultery, Addison's pair deals with a terrible accident. Cliff moves away from harmless west, but his wife, Abby, is burned and must be kept artificially. Cliff and his sleazy lawyer (Corbin Bernsen "The Dentist") plug in his plug and claim the constructor of the car, Abbey's mother builds a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a plant and keep everything blurred. In the meantime, Abbey's hatred comes back for vengeance and kills one of Cliff's, when he has a deadly experience with medical devices. After a few victims, Cliff may be safer to save her husband, if she wants to save her life. "The Right to Die" is a tremendous episode, and I always hope to look at the concept of a television series, Horror Masters. It is a result of the illness and wounded humor and the sleaz sequences of violence and extinction. The subject of eftanasia and all the compulsory media spells that work on it are well-documented, but unnecessarily from the political point of view and back to the morality lessons. The atmosphere is indestructible and the kill sequence is mild and uncomfortable. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sidney also have a pretty face and a striking charming shelf, because Corbin Bernsen finally offers a chance to describe a medium-sized and egocentric bastard. Great episode "MoH"; one of the most important events of both seasons.
