I believe that in the early 90's, when it was a good, beautiful movie, all franchisees could grow up. 'Stargate; SG1 is undoubtedly a worthy addition to the genre of science fiction and has the right to stand on shoulder to to shoulder with Star Trek as science kings. This Stargate 1994 feature film stargate team (a military / scientific organization) sees that the stargate system will be used to travel on different planets in and out of the galaxy and to explore a range of military units. SG1 is a team led by Colonel Jack O'Neill, a military veteran and includes archeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, a military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and a remote Teal'c, who betrayed his far-sighted leaders on a day that betrayed their leaders. <br /> <br /> Goa'uld is often a hostile enemy of the world who uses humans as hosts and thinks of themselves as equal in God. <br /> <br /> The top notch lifts this show life. Richard Dean Anderson's guardian is ideal as kinik and sarcastic O'Neill, who can pass from dead to boy to deadly tears. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, asks the heart and the consciousness of a steel that will grow stronger and stronger than the darkness of innocence. Carter's Amanda Tapping, a powerful, elegant military scientist, improved balance between his character's femininity. Christopher Judge is as good as Teal'c, who can best describe the character's character. And Don S Davis is perfect as Mr. Hammond, who is guided by a good balance of fairness and resilience. Almost all episodes are covered by mood and are described, friction between moral dilemmas and military interests and civic beliefs (often expressed through arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). The guest symbols are described in a solid way and the story spells are made in a non-slip way. SG1 is superior to O'Neill's minds, but it's only humorous and upright episodes. The SG1 drama has everything to do to affect the heartwarming scenes of death. It's not just an excellent show, it's not a great show at all.
