Tim Krabbe 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel written twice on the screen ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the more recent works by the Dutch author is De Grot, a psychological tension about Egon and Axel, who met at the youth camp and had two completely different men who were friends with a dear, dear life. Egon is quiet, somewhat boring, with time to study and write geography books. On the other hand, Axel is a characteristic "party-animal" in a heavy drink to bring a woman to a bedroom in the daytime worry. Axel had a strong influence on Egon from the moment he met, and secondly, he was kind to him, for he had a good life without doing anything (for example, reading thick books like Egon); Egon drives Egon into illegal practices, which leads to deadly drug transmissions in a far-off Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading a book last year, critics were pretty positive. about it. In my opinion, the book suffers from a particularly complex structure. While the Krabbe presents a unique portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot is more likely to be a puzzle: many episodes are not presented chronologically, since two consecutive scenes occur rarely in the same episode. For this reason, the story is surprisingly remote: it is often necessary to know the root of a character according to the truth. Another complaint is that the main characters Egon and Axel are a little stereotypical. Egon IS 'elegant intellect', Aksel is just the opposite. Real life is rarely available in such a size; <br /> <br /> It was a pleasant surprise, despite the fact that it was more than a book and a movie. A beautiful cinematography, humor and acting adaptation: Fedja van Huet (Egon), she is one of the few Dutch actors you have forgotten about the actress (which, in my opinion, could be the highest player in my opinion). The shortage of the film is similar to that of the book: basically, the characters are of one dimension, which is becoming more and more unexpected. Who writes scenario? Indeed Krabbe itself. Obviously, this talented director (any part of the film is clear) obstructs a complete scenario. Maybe Koolhoven should have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
