RUMORS is a memorable entry into the animated war of the "Private Snafu". The films were directed to servicemen, directed by Warner Bros, best talents, animated and shot. Termez Terrace, Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. Precious Mel Blanc delivered his voice to Snafu and stories and coins stories for most of the films were given by Theodor Geisel, ie Dr. Seuss. The idea was to use Snafu's character as a perfect example to convey the basic concepts of humor and vibrant imagery: it was a dop, and you would do everything you needed to do. According to Chuck Jones, scripts should be approved by Pentagon officials, but army brasses can give animators an unusual freedom of language and extraordinary jokes, with the scenario of time more likely - all good, of course <br /> < The title shows that this cartoon is an example of the harmful power of rumors. The setting is an Army camp. Private Snafu sits beside another soldier (something you do not see in other Hollywood movies at a time) and rolled his ball to their random conversations. We are talking about a bombardment that has been misinterpreted, then inflated, and then swept the camp to an increasingly terrible rumor. The description is really brilliant: a carefree soldier's brain is described as having a percolation, and the other's angry words are shown as hot air, that is, "balloon juice." A soldier "blows his mouth", ball style and real balloon flies in any direction before you know. Winged balloon. Panicked soldiers say each other was thrown out of Brooklyn Bridge, Coney Island was destroyed, enemy army descended into the White House, and Japanese was in California. <br /> <br /> Later, the "Rumor-Itis" and "Private Snafu" of the camp are rapidly accelerating and overnight getting locked up in a cushion cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective piece of work. The filmmakers dramatized the theme with amazing power and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (realistic or imaginative) can cause all kinds of wild rumors faster than ever before thanks to communication development. As the technology improves, our Private Snapshot is able to broadcast its balloon water via email, mobile phone and blog. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a war training film that has never experienced an important message; in fact can be more timely than ever before.
