The beauty of this film is evidenced by the powerful description of the mother's love, her exceptional performance, her continuous performance, and quite innovative writing. The film tells the story of an Indian woman living in Canada with her husband Shekhar and a small child Raja. Suddenly, his mother tells his husband that his family in India (he did not know) is in trouble, and couples hurry to India. When entering the village, Nanadini is afraid and scared to witness a very deserted rural culture; Shekhar's family lives in a poor and violent life, driven by brutal, highly frustrated and brutal father Narasimha, full of murder and terror, and women who are slaves and desperate. Nandini began to return Shekhar, but was killed by his father's enemies. If she wants to leave, Narasimha Raja refuses her to return to India. Here begins an intense fight called "Nandini and Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not particularly positive in this film, but shows only a very small part of the rural area, so it can be even more accurate. The image is fair and unilateral in my opinion, because the positive side is also presented to some degree. Such a horrible look can be seen in a film about any country in the world. The places are beautiful, the music is beautiful and the management of Krishna Vamshi is supported by highly effective cinematography and good editing. It should be noted that Ismail Darbar is considered a very unpleasant background, it is beautiful. Symbols are well-documented, although they can see their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. The film, which is really described, runs well and is an interesting and entertaining clock. <br /> <br /> The biggest power of the film is the performance. <br /> <br /> Karisma Kapoor is as breathtaking and very convincing as Nandini, the ability to create a balance between sensitivity and extreme emotion is simply incredible. The child's son seems to have his own son, such as a mother who wants to take her son back, demonstrates impatience, agony, and persistence.The events that occur when facing volcanic eruptions, like Nana Patekar, show how a simple tiger might be a tiger when it comes to the child. then this is his most powerful performance - one of the greatest actors of the Hannover cinema, Nana Patekar Narasimha, who hates Narasimha, but as an actor who performs it, Patekar shows his cruelty, self-indulgence, and even his humanity in full love. a great performance is most watched in India actor Deepti Naval is striking, and Sanjay Kapur is adequate, and Shahrukh Khan gives a great comic relief, but watching Shakti would be better, but not necessarily a follow-up.
