After a long time, a strong female-oriented theme, directed by Krishna Vamsi, Shakti-The Power, Hollywood's Desi version is Missing Without My Daughter, the actress is Sridevi's first home-made production. <br /> <br /> The film's story takes place around Nandini (Karisma Kapur), who lives with two brothers in Canada (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). She gets acquainted with Shekhara (Sanjay Kapoor), gets married and gets married soon. Nandini is a boy full of families when Raja (Master Jai Gidwani) is present. But their happiness is short-lived as soon as Shekhar's family (Deepti Naval) reports leave them perfect life in Canada and come to India. And when it comes to problems. <br /> <br /> From the moment of reaching India, it is shocking to see everywhere pollution and the vast majority of people everywhere. After reaching the town and finally reaching the station, they take a busy train to take a long bus to their village. A bad shady bus united with uncertain areas never ends. And, unfortunately, they beat Shekhar because there was no crime in their attacks. Fortunately, they are killed shortly before they can hurt him more. After that Shekhar's father Narsimha (Nana Patekar) is taken to Havel, where he lives with his wife, Deepti Naval. <br /> <br /> Nandani knows that her father-in-law commands her before entering the place, but her only source is boiling hot boar. <br /> <br /> Nandini, who lives here, studies his father's violent behavior and ruthless killing is a lifestyle for her. She teaches her son to throw bombs on the day she sees her mother-in-law, she loses and opposes her, insisting Shekhar that they return to Canada. However, Shekhar is committing a terrorist attack on a single day. Nandini breaks where his son is strangled by his strange landmine on a strange land. <br /> <br /> Shakti is the winter leg of the film, unlike the film's most popular films. The only defects are Ismail Darbar's music, which does not go beyond the script. The only saving grace is the sexy substance called "Ishk Kameena", compiled by Anu Malik. There is another patter for the director, because he has performed a few excellent performances from his father. Karisma Kapoor is the film's life and has acted as a desperate mother. This is convinced that you will earn rewards for the hot picture. Secondly, the actor Nana Patekar, who was blasted with this movie. His inadequate behaviors fit him into an incendiary, and he again demonstrates his versatility with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is also a surprise package with a sleek and effective picture against other actors. The Deepti Sea is also at a high level and Pr-climax showdown with Nana deserves praise. The community of Shahruh gives light moments and is definitely drawn to get the required star value. Although his role was not really demanded, he did a good job. Generally, Shakti is a movie that is more popular than most people these days, and Pr-release nudity is sure to make it a good boot. Shakty was sure to raise critics and audiences. Thus, in order to improve the effect of the film, it is necessary to cut the film with at least 2 wheels. Shakti still has the power to go beyond!
