If any movie differs greatly with actors' ability to move, this is probably one. I have never seen a dialogue so rudely speaking, but a strong feeling. The film was annoyed at moments. However, when editing the movie was terrible. They try to go on a commercial route by adding movies, comedies and songs, but they go out. It is beaten up as a sham and at the same time SRK fights with police (funny). There was a lot of jerking Kamina song. Moreover, the film is very bright at the beginning. <br /> <br /> My wife is very pleased with me, but I can not do anything about jealousy. <br /> <br /> I have to say that actors are very smart. Without it, this film could not have influenced it. Karisma Kapoor has played the best role ever, and it looks very good on the record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. It may sound pretty good in the first half and I have never seen an actress's emotion and anger rattling. What is most mockery, this is probably the weakest piece of writing ever to date. Nana Patekar was perfect as her father-in-law. He can not talk much about him, but also has a role for him. Deepti Naval was particularly exceptionally on the final scene of the father-in-law. Although she did not speak too much, face language and body language were good. Another good performance was a small child. He was very nice and would open the eyes of the audience. The film was likely hopelessly hopeless with his performances. Sanjay Kapoor was good, but there was not much. Shahrux Khan's role as a bad guy. <br /> <br /> Something that brought the theater to the audience was Isk Kamina. Perfect for the lyrics and dance lyrics of the song. And the boy Aish is a mad girl. But the song had to be in another movie, because it was the worst moment. People may have come to Aish for a movie, but they will not praise it more. Hum Tum Miley fell to the right place, but the excitement was dragged as she went along the film. Damroo Bhaje is boring and rave about nothing. Language is a very boring song for Pukara to get the movie's mood. Despite poor regulations, speeches should only be seen by him.
