On July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called Stargate SG-1 was released in Showtime. The ending and continuation of the film, Stargate, by Kurt Russell and James Spader in 1994, begins about a year after the film's events. In ten seasons, he wrote adventures and misadventures of a bold researcher known as SG-1. Initially, the series includes Richard Dean Anderson, Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l!"), Dr Michael Jackson, Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping, Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge Teal'c and Don S. Davis. Major General George S. Hammond. For decades, we've been fighting Goa'uld, Replicators, Ori and many other attackers. At the same time, they established alliances with Asgard, Tokra, Rebel Jaffa, Nox and Tollan. They have spent at least eight times in the world for years and have never refused until they claim to be dead. And sometimes it is not. <br /> <br /> Like many long-lasting series, they were a large number of shooting changes. Michael Shanks left his series in January 2002 as an actor at the end of the fifth season to expand his horizons. The resident of the team was Yonas Quinn, a native of Kelowna, on the Langara planet starring Corin Nemecin followed by Daniel Jackson, an archaeologist / geek. However, Shanks returned back to season seven in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he just made the appearance of a visitor and his character rarely was later celebrated. Don S. Davis left his series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 and came to his senses when he felt. The original star of the show and probably the most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, played for the first eight seasons. His involvement in the seven and eight seasons was less than the previous seasons. Finally, in March 2005, she left SG-1 to spend more time with her six-year-old daughter. <br /> <br /> Let's also note that from today, I did not like the previous episodes of the last two seasons very much for me. <br /> <br /> The 9th season introduced a new era to the program. With the advent of the main actor and the defeat of Goa'uld and the Season's Duplicators, many fans thought that the series should be at a high level. Regardless, the series continued with Ori for two years, replacing Goa'uld as the main enemies of the series. Three new symbols were added to fill these gaps, and this helped re-invent. Ben Browder came to be the moderate SG-1's new leader, Polk Colonel Cameron Mitchell's moderate Southern Air Force pilot. His "Farscape" co-star, his beloved Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role as a live, sexually, cheerful, and exceptionally beloved Vala Mal Doran, a host of Goa'uld hosts and concerts from another planet. The regular guest star at the eighth and ninth seasons was fully connected to the tenth and last season. The rolling was the legendary Beau Bridges, the new commander of the SGC and Jack O'Neill and a former friend of General Hammond General Hank Landry. Over the past two years, they have played alongside the "SG-1" loyal (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and have become valuable parts and have made equally valuable contributions to Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> All good things must end. The first few episodes of the episode were significantly reduced in August 2006, which resulted in the abolition of ratings in August 2006. After 10 seasons and 214 episodes, the dream is finally over. March 13, 2007, ended with the "Dayanma" that began with the "Children of the Gods". The sequel of the series was premiered at Sky One in England and Ireland prior to appearing on the Sci-Fi Channel on 22 June 2007 in the United States. <br /> <br /> Over the course of ten years, the series has collected legions of fans, and even in some countries has captured the science fiction series called "Star Trek". It was the world's longest second science-fiction series, and the second one, Doctor Who (1963-1989), and the longest-running American scientific philosophy, X-Files. <br /> <br /> Stargate SG-1 represents the cornerstone of the Stargate franchise. In 2004, success and popularity led to the production of Stargate Atlantis, a series of spin-offs that had been abandoned after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Other film artworks -DDD movies, Stargate: Truth Ark and Stargate Continuum were released in 2008 and were planned for a far-away future. The third live action series, Stargate Universe, is next to a premiere at the next year. (Unfortunately, there was an "Stargate Infinity" animation series that could run from 2002 to 2003), but it was not even better. Despite the ongoing series of SG-1 and Atlantis, the future of Stargate is really bright. As a result, while Stargate is still not on the same level, popular recognition like Star Trek and Doctor Who, like other great science-fiction television franchises, is relatively new in comparison with these two scientific philosophies and will last for many years. come.
