The Uneven Bollywood Drama. Karisma Kapoor is a good friend of Canada (Sanjay Kapoor), a child of Canada who has a child and then travels to India to find his family only terrorist war lords. The drama and tragedy of the movie, MY BABY is a kind of styles without styles. The film is a hammer, a few songs / dance numbers are unnecessary and unnecessary, the hero of Bollywood songs and dances is really the intensity of the drama of this movie, at least once we left the pictures of the Canadian love slot. ?? The only one that surrounds a community by the surprising Aishwarya Rai is quite a provocation, although in the end it is also wrong. Likewise, the introduction of a Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy run for a happy gatekeeper makes a very serious drama a foolish Persian and just gets up when his character is up? and his dreams about Rai create his comeo dance? distributed. The sillyness of his comic-book dialogue and fighting scenes draws the main sudden drama of the film. The cast is thoroughly supported by Nana Patekar as a war leader, and finally, Deepti Naval, the genius Deepti Naval, who is well-known for his long-life spouse chosen to stand against one of the best scenes of the film; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are very good at the Indian Sanjay's sisters and very pleasing candy. However, Sanjay himself is particularly popular with obvious ads. Writing / directing director Krishna Wamsi's style of director is rapidly evolving with slow grips and sharp edges, despite the good movement of the camera. The soundtrack is extremely effective on a small orchestral ensemble, though it is quite effective with SHAKTI's soundtrack cd, but Bollywood still does not disclose the value of the account with their soundtrack albums, at least in most cases) . But though Shakti Karisma is Kapoor's film, the intensity of his performance after filming India is contrasted with the subtle romance of Sanjay on Canadian scenes. Although the majority of the picture is incomplete, Karisman's performance completely sells the film and, conversely, reinforces inappropriate measures. Strangely enough, I also saw the story, the golden blossom and the MARIE ANTOINETTE frog, both of which I had originally seen, although SHAKTI was, of course, a completely different film type; but focusing on an unemployed royal family? Is not Versailles a refinement of feudal or Chinese massive megalomania of the Tang Dynasty, but in the periphery of the poverty led by terrorism in India? the desire to show himself to power destroys others and provides a substantial subtext for a film that reinforces some sort of rebellion.
