Wow, Many reviews for Devils Experiment are here. Beautiful. My name is Steve and I Unearthed Films. We only started releasing pine films from Guinea on the DVD for North America. Why not write a review before asking now? Instead some people ask him why bash. I am writing this review because I love the pig movies in Guinea. Why do I love it because they are going to the throat and do not let them go. I saw them all. Almost every horror film known as Human, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every sensation of underground cults to every Hollywood block. I've seen all this and films that have been stuck in my head for years are definitely guinea pig films. Why does not we try to conceal the fact that we are watching the horror films in the 1st place? This review is for Devils Experiment. For me, I was deprived of a good story. Why am I watching movies? So I can see blood and body and people's torture. The Devils only offer Practice, but all this. Clean, indisputable violence. Yes, I love it as a story, but sometimes we just want ten times the body and the Devils Experience. Why do people bash it? They love a story so that a person's torture and death can be maintained behind a story. Let them feel better about themselves. We all want blood and body. It's hard to justify it if it's not rolled around a story. Guinea Pig films give them a historic meaning and have definitely leaped when they were released. <br /> <br /> I was thrilled to be able to release one of the most famous fears in the world. Maybe I should not write this review, but maybe it should still be. My idea is a biased reason, they have been released but still not. I have always told people to look at my tracks. Of course, it is exploitative and surprising, but this is not why we are watching films first of all. Devils Experience is NOT for Everyone. Only for exciting and needy people. If you think that movies from Jason and Freddy Krueger are awesome then stay loyal to them. But if you were at the next level and you'd see them all, then the Devils Experiment is for you. They have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and downright freaky and nothing to watch with mom, she is absolutely cool. Never stop luck, pleasure and life.
