This is a good episode of the New Twilight Zone, which is really interesting ideas and clever stories (both are based on short stories). "Exam Day" is a year of uncertainty, but at one point, there are bright candles that are themselves bright, a large number of television-views phones doubling as the other entertaining machines and distributed only to a certain age. Exam Day, a 12-year-old a point that the government should pass the necessary IQ test. The child is a story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is celebrating just the 12th birthday and is a clever guy, so quiet, even wanting to test what he's seen as a friend, and he's his school notes. On the other hand, their parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment) did not use the birthday desire to get a good score, and they were apparently uneasy as they were convinced that they were capable of self-esteem. I will not give you anything at all, but I'll tell you - there is a point in mind how difficult it is for the test: Ask this evening (or any other) that Dickie does not want to watch TV all night. In line with today's standards, she would be happy to say that she would not want to read because she was better than reading ... but why does her family ask for it? Harrison Bergenon reminded me of the flavor of something that was encouraging and attractive in the future (I heard that there was no big deal on the screen). I could only provide an opening and closing story to make it stronger as Obsolete Man. I found that it was better than a short story I took. I read the essence of the "Message of Philanthropy", but it is interesting that 16-year-old Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers from dirty water. has always been spread in his Massachusetts native city ... but with a young Puritan woman who is suffering from the same type of suffering, charity Payne (Kerry Noonann) experiences events that happen around him as well. Both will restore, especially since there is something that will happen in 1985, but there is no connection. Charity is interested in the places he has written in 1985 and likes to be together in college, each of whom has enough degrees to study each other's company, especially to other schools. . Although charity faces a friend who claims to have violated 13 colonies as a breakdown in England, charities are an unexpected turn. It was so widespread in 1700). Both are trying to find a way to save him. The latter is sad, but there is an interesting final moment that touches it. A lot of pain in both parts of this episode, however, will make both fun and fun, reminding you that friendship, love and wisdom are a great thing by means of a lecture / warning sound, both of which is cooked and funny. Probably 3/4 of them are of no use, but in some ways I think the Sterling crew would be approved.
