Taking the title, the first watch of QUARTET (1948) reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham's stories. The author is still introducing episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; In fact, the original compensation scripts gave R.C a single loan. The Sheriff, where Maugham himself put his hand in hand and Noel Langley (even if it does not specify exactly whether every segment is working or somewhere else). As expected, most of the QUARTET crew was detained for the second installment - at least three players, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (episode from QUARTET, the last two Colonel's Wife). Although TRIO is a smaller success than its predecessor (still unbalanced with the third story, which holds more than half an hour), it is still carried out with the highest care, and it moves with a frame and is strangely pleasing. <br /> <br /> A parish called The Verger (James Hayter) - the title of the story is another thing - dismissed after a 17-year service of the new church priest (Michael Hordern, because he is illiterate.) Despite his age, he has only one partner (Kathleen Harrison's landlord), but the long-reaching strategic tobacco shop that opens the way to such a service is transformed into a whole chain of business, and the last scene is that he is not surprised by the fact that Hayter has no education, but his other interests the question is do not want to subscribe, visit the bank manager sees Felix Əylmerə. Its rich (and respected) tobacconist response, with some irony, he calls for a tax! The second episode, "All-Know," is one of the shortest, but perhaps the most attractive thing: despite Kelada's outburst, a British traveler, a nagging young man (Nigel Patrick ) is a power over every subject under the sun, which is entirely beleaguered with the impossible existence. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two passengers. It needs to be attracted most - the latter, because it shares the view of Patrickin's favorite cousin (Anne Crawford) with a man and an old cabin. During a fancy dress party, one of the passengers decided to take 'vengeance' on Kelada, and one of them is different (a nonsensical, nonsense that is not worth it!); when he contrived to show a worthy side of his character, "says Crawford, the pendant in which he wears it is an example of how Wayne challenged Patrick to name her value ... but later that she was the author of the truth, and that she was Crawford's if he does not want to talk, Kelada in the future will allow the public to ridicule the fact that she is probably a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> It can be removed from the heading "Sanatorium" that deals with many patients managed by Andre-Morell in such a place; The protagonist is a new experience, Roland Culver has been thoroughly watching various occasions. The narrative covers, in particular, three separate areas - a humorous (two-year-old Scots long-suffering in sanatorium, 'bleeding' by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (anxious sick, Raymond Huntley, and patient, Ann Davies) and a bittersweet (romantic between the naive but seductive Jean Simmons and the cranked cad Michael Rennie, Rennie was introduced as Morell Simmons only a few years ago, and the pair took him to the altar).
