The story of "Baqdad Thief" tells about the sparks consisting of triangular and equally similar ropes. Lajo Biros's scenario and Miles Malleson's dialogue continue to be skillful at every point of the story. The young King of Baghdad, King Ahmed, is angry with the magician Jaffar for carrying out a person according to different ideas. He has concealed Jaffar's accusations and hatred for his deeds. He is being arrested by Jafar, where he meets his son, Abu. Two runs and a shuttle to Basra. When people are cleansed from the road, they will spy on their friends, since nobody will overtake the Prince of the City. Ahmed gets in love with him and visits him in the garden. According to him, he was away from his time and won a kiss. Then he was caught. When Jaffar came to win the king of Basra, Ahmed attacked the evil eye that made him blind and transformed into Abui's dog. Jaffar asks Prince's hand and gives the Basra Sultan a ghost for a mechanical shooting. Abu Ahmed explains his fate in the market accompanied by his ancestor Abu. The prince fell asleep and could not wake him up. So, Jaffar sends his slave to Halimah Ahmed and his dog, hoping that the prince could endure it. He woke him up. He is on a boat to find a doctor for Ahmed's treatment, but he is captured by Jaffar, who pushes his dog on his dog. He allows Jaffar to bring his weapons to him, to restore Ahmed's eye, and to return to Abu Hassan's son. Sees the vision of Prince Ahmed; on a ship; Jaffar sends a storm to unite him, and Abu lays a boat on an empty island. After spending several centuries in a glass, Abu found a genie or a genie who wanted to kill him because he was free. Abu really proves that he came from a small ship, and then yells again. He has three wishes to release him. The first is for the sausage. Meanwhile, the king refuses to abandon Jaffar with his father; but Jaffar Sultani shows a new mechanical toy, his six guns kill him. Abu's is a second wish to find his Ahmadi. This cunning genie leads him to the god of the All-Seeing eye. Abu struggles with a great spider, and then has to go to a great network to measure the sculpture of the goddess. Abu Bakr thinks and sees Ahmed in a canyon. Genie brings Cin to him. Ahmed uses his eyes to see the prince. He smells of a flower and instantly forgets everything. He wants to be in Baghdad, and the jinn laughs and sticks; Jaffar told the princess that she was in love with Ahmed without losing her word. Ahmed tries to test his way for the Prince, but Jaffar's "eyes". Abo finds himself in the "Legend of the Land", and the elderly men who rule here want to make him king. A spring and a magic carpet stolen and escapes to hurry Ahmed and the prince to escape. The thief came to the miracle of the angels coming to the execution schedule, using the flying carpet to get rid of the executioner. Jaffar is trying to escape from a mechanical flying horse, but finishes it with another shot. Ahmed still reigns and plans to marry his Prince; but when he is trying to make Abe's outstanding personality, the young thief refuses, the adventure he wants is not the hard work, but the palace restraint may be great. This fantastic story was produced by Alexander Korda, a luxurious production. Designed by Vincent Korda, the production art director, Georges Perinal made colorful cinematography. The authors include Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. Extraordinary and numerous costume designs were made by John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. Apart from the magnificent and expensive looks, I claimed that Miklos Rozza's chorus music and two other elements, Conrad Veidt, were as bad as Jaffar. Rex plays English with a strange emphasis, his ordinary intelligence and power. June Duprez is beautiful and effective for the sad and beautiful Halima of Prince Mary Morris and Miles Malleson's right bambling and entertaining Sultan. Like Ahmed, John Justin sees a young princess in love, and then can be done in some parts; he's a memorable one in the role of victory. There is a width in this movie, and I say, it works in the other Korda. His creative content is different from the very strong realistic groups, suits and set-design elements. This is one of the fantasies of the most unforgettable idea of ​​all time and deserves to be repeated.
