After a lucky chance on the train, a young man holds a night in the streets of Vienna, discussing his life and his love. The main reason for seeing the "sun before" is to watch young Julie Delp's lines. Like Celine, this sexy, intelligent, horrible, brown-eyed blonde is between them Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell. Celine, who is in danger of being sexually active, is naturally unpretentious, introspective, and selfless, practically ideal women, unusually beautiful and very feminine. Its sincere, clever words sometimes penetrate, because you can easily talk a little eccentric and a blue stripe. In addition, his involvement in various expressions is not a short one and speaks English with a very pleasing French accent. <br /> <br /> If you have a cats on the bottom of this good movie, you have to be able to escape from its indestructible and embarrassing. Ethan Hawke "Jessie" comes off as a Maynard G. Krebs, an indefinite charming slob of the nineties. While trying to look independent and unobtrusive, it drags itself in a certain way. Her trousers are poorly seated, her tee shirt is worn, her wavy dark hair (the most attractive features) needs to be washed well, and someone has actually shown how to make her young duck. Nevertheless, he must represent a unheated youth in a two-week train trip around Europe, and his appearance is probably quite original. His unusual observations and humor conception, sometimes unappologetically romantic, appear to impress Celine, even though he is disturbed by the degree of his lying. He finally likes to be with him and because he feels like a different person in front of him, and we know he has come together. <br /> <br /> After collecting a number of cafés, bars and passers-by, the collective funds need to be implemented in the best way, because they do not see it again. Jesse slammed a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender that he and his new lady could regain in the middle of the night to go to the grass, see the moon and the stars, and restore it to the local park to watch the sun. <br /> <br /> Taking into account her unlucky chances in the romantic division, as the definition of this naive betrayal, Jessie is particularly irksome when she allows this beautiful young lady to escape. She keeps herself in a half-wrapped plan and is prepared at a railway station, when she proposes her adieu to join it quickly in half a year. When it comes to appointment, you know that this beautiful and unusual girl is related to another, even married and pregnant. Jesse, who works on the target or if he / she is lucky enough to return to Vienna, is hopeless to see him repeat. /> <br /> What a very attractive result for me, "Sunrise Before" is a beautiful movie. Both, and later, "before the sun."
