I bought a DVD before sunset and saw it the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I could not help but only lost to Sunrise because it was not so big later, but I did not feel that these two films were mutually complementary, every time I saw them, I felt the need and the desire to see the other. So, I spent several weeks on it, and I was ashamed to remember exactly how many times. One of the most remarkable things about Sunrise is the sense of how the characters are feeling toward each other. As you know, the development of chemistry is very simple, I think other romantic films can succeed in developing, but for me - those who do not believe in Nora Ephron - the chance to feel Sunrise really is the first movie to give the audience. I saw it for the first time, about 8 years ago, at the age of 20, I liked it already. However, as I did not regard it as a "great movie", it still seemed like "another good movie" as another thinker, Linklater was very intelligent to be more realistic, it was 10 minutes long, I had good characters and I liked it because it was like a dream and I enjoyed their conversations, etc.) But now, thanks to Sunset, I feel more than just feeling Sunrise before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, conversations, everything. Each of them separates itself as a separate element and has the ability to mix it, the story is only a time frame, and I do not feel any manipulation now. And how much the blind, except for the freedoms of every scene, and the refusal to be incredibly effective, when I first saw these qualities in me! It's been 8 years since I realized that more movies I saw were more collections of pre-ordered scenes for more than just a movie, even Pulp Fiction and Linklaters have their own Slackers. The story of Jesse and Celine is probably a better example of this situation before Sun, but Sunrise is just a result of the end of time, not a target, every scene has its own life. I do not know whether Linklater or everyone is preparing Sunrise from the very beginning, but for me, one of the best things about these sequels is that these two films are contradictory to each other. Sunrise, who works with more static angels and more vivid color schemes, hopes the world always feels the characters, even though Jesse and Celine are trying to capture the smallest atoms around them. Meanwhile, Jesse is looking for a charming viewer before talking to journalists before Sunset, and Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the most heartfelt smile I have seen at the beginning of the film, and then a lot of moving shots, though I'm beautiful in Paris, takes me to a place I do not know and how happy I am again. I'm sorry to be so long with my limited English, Sunrise is an unusual movie for me, without having pushed my scattered thoughts, and then better than ever before.
