Many criticisms on this topic appear to compare this movie with Mortal Storm or Casablanca. Everyone has the right to compare films, but the similarities between The Mortal Storm and The Watch on the Rhine clearly represent the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, and the main comparative point in comparison to Casablanca is the 1943 The Humphrey Bogart, the Film Academy of Arts and Sciences, appears to have been treated unfairly because they chose Paul Lukas as the best actor Oscar. This does not make me completely wrong. Lukas was a good career in the film (both here and in England - the legend of "The Lady Vanishes"), and his performance was the best. Bogart had two more years before Rick Blaine more than two years ago (for example, two years ago, Roy Earle at The High Sierra did not see Sam Spade at The Maltese Falcon and both were his first performances and he was Fred C. Dobbs won the Oscar for Philip Francis Queeg, co-writer / murder suspect in A Lonely Place, and then The Cain Mutine's "The African Queen" for Charlie's best performances in the film "Sierra Madre's Treasure". I think Bogie Dobbs had won the role, but that did not happen. But Lukas succeeded - he had a certain performance of his lesser career. <br /> <br /> Hellman is based on another game / scenario called "The Searching Wind" to watch the movie "Watch in Rhine". They look at America's isolation spirit in the 1920s and 1930s. The Searching Wind really looks at the entire war era, and in the "Reaching the Second World War," Reinhold Watch is busy for several weeks. Therefore, it is built as a better game and is more meaningful for its effects. <br /> <br /> The film has a lot of good speeches from Lukas, but certain anti-Nazi fighter / courier, as Davis is his loyal wife (Lucas, Coulouris, selfish, attractive but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck , Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (Coulouris's clever and awesome and nourishing wife), Lucille Watson and Curtis Katch, who are fighting for Coulouris and others (like the Gestapo chief of the local embassy), with a bite dialogue. it is quite true that there are moments of close poetry, telling the scene when Coulouris is alone with Lukas and Davis and tells the scene, "The New World scene has left the Old World." Hellman sometimes wrote very well. <br /> <br /> The film's power and performance I appreciate this film in World War II films.
