Director Vincenzo Natali for the first time in 1997, along with his short film "Elevated," manifested itself on the characteristic philosophy of science, where 3 people remain stranded in the elevator, and invisible monsters are full of buildings. This year's "Cube" tracking feature project, this time was a very similar premise, with a large expansion of cube delatraps replaced by six people and elevator at this time. Both tried to take the genre of scientific philosophy one by one, deliberately dropping to visualize any visual stimulus, spending as much time as possible to pay attention to the human element, how characters acted, reacted, and inaccurate and dangerous conditions. After discovering "Cypher" in 2002, Natalie gave us Nothing, his latest and most optimistic and comedian, "What If Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew Miller they have come together as a group and a lack of one another.Even though selfish and somehow neglected by nature, Dave, Andrew, frequently has Andrew's hire in his bad and badly-used home of neurological and antisocial logic. one day is a day of two sins, one day, in the midst of a serious, imprisonment-worthy problem until they are combined with some of their astronomical bad luck, and they are planning on destroying their homes before the sunset, because everything is for themselves <br /> <br /> Going forward with conversation, how slowly (sometimes slowly) the film is about Dave and Andre and how they deal with their new realities. were revealed. Here's where Natali is surprised to learn about human behavior under pressure (ala The Birds), but he can simply turn his main heroes away from the strangers and turn them away from the tension-horror element of this premiere. more comfortable and optimistic. It is almost aortic darkness of the Cube. Of course, the film is not 85 minutes laughter and the sun. Along with the main realism, the dynamics of our anti-heroes often lead to very bad results. Like the "Desert Island" game, the movie can fall into good spirits all the time, but at the same time show that friends are important for the quality of existence. <br /> <br /> However, with "Nothing" there are a few complexities that in a very wrapped, rooted manner, it is a good flick of a good heart and good intentions. Although two leading actors, Hewlett and Miller, are good at their parts, their characters are quite interesting, as they look at them to entertain us for the better part of an hour. There are some developments in Dave's and Andrew's relationships and personalities, some background is given, but ultimately insufficient. <br /> <br /> An audio tracker will sit at least to see the least shooting parts of the film, but the kinesis will likely abandon it quite quickly. <br /> The amount of the 'green screen' case that the action is adequate and necessary is quite convincing. Written by David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, a longtime friend of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett was originally featured in every film made by Natalie. Perhaps it was creative creativity that managed this movie in a more positive way. Nevertheless, the story could have been more attractive. Of course, this is relatively entertaining, given that nothing is not meant, but you get the impression that it can work more with the more experienced hands. <br /> <br /> All Justice, "Nothing" is an effective piece of work in many ways. The concept is interesting, inventing direction, the script works at a human level, and, most importantly, improves Natali's creative mentality. This will be a pleasure to the admirer of his work, and it is a great way to spend some time unnecessarily for others. The director's idea of ​​the human drama has prevented him from being a great, fun movie.
