A little tweaked, 'nothing' can be a child's movie. This is a very clever concept, it touches on some interesting metaphysical issues and opposes every Hollywood convention that you can think of ... what opposes anything against anything? The story of two friends who want the world when their lives go wrong. All the rest do not hate it, and it is a great empty space. For most of the film, it's difficult to give only two actors a story, especially if you ignore anything from outside. It focuses on many subjects, but Vincenzo is the territory of Natalie. If you've seen 'Cube', you already know that he likes this kind of situation. In this film, "nothing" is infinite, but Natalie is unable to make some claustrophobic, if only the word is not something else and will not go anywhere. Actors sell it, though these guys are always friends. Here are two players from the 'Cube' (Worth and Kazan), but a completely different character. <br /> <br /> One of the main reasons I have said is that a child's movie can be right under tweaks, because they change throughout the story and are not the most powerful actors in the world. because of the flammability of a few f-bombs and some unnecessary bloody sleep sequences, the strange and often frustrated feelings of this movie can easily break through the children. So I came to a conclusion that the writers decided to add a very strange language and a small fraction. If they were able to get a PG rating easily, they just made some things and changed a little dialogue. There are very few protests about this movie, but parents just want to see their children. <br /> <br /> Not only because I support censorship, but only a shame, not because it can be the only thing that hinders the widespread violation of this film. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie is quite fun, though with a few dragging scenes. But because of nothing else, they are doing a surprisingly good job for an independent film because it's absolutely nothing to do with the two characters.
