After seeing CUBE, I became an admirer of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natalie does not have the ability to draw a story, and he knocks like a towel for all the story he can hardly combine. Instead, stories open themselves in natural ways, in fact, you really believe that this Cube is a great space when people are trying to escape or not. there is nothing! The ad closed me right away. It looked so simple! Take two characters that nobody loves and send them to a world where nothing is missing them. Nathalie does something so simple that you forget the logic of a place where nothing exists. In fact, nothing happens to the world in the film. There is nothing there, and there is something there. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is very deceptive. In fact, I'm lucky enough to find out if he's screaming a comedy other than a novel. <br /> <br /> While watching this movie, I was laughing every time, but they could be confused by the deceitful advertising. <br /> I can take a minute to shoot a movie, it's the ten concept. It is a genius concept to have a world of nothingness, and putting two characters there, not two bright ideas, but a philosophy and a circle, but not two beards that have no clue about the place where hell is! Another powerful point is cinematography, though this is not the first thing it can look like! The perception of the depth is wrong when it comes to every wall, to the north, to the ground, to the south, to the west, to the top and to the bottom. Mis-En-Scene is difficult to determine where everything is located. There are many moments in cinematography, but in most cases the place where the camera is located places two heroes, either a front and an object and a symbol, and allows you to understand the depth. /> <br /> However, this movie has not been in certain areas. The film is relatively short, but after a while, the world of nothing new is very elegant and you want to find some solutions in art. And we can argue that the actor once again proves. These two characters are in a different sense, so we will not feel any sympathy anywhere in these characters. At the same time, chemistry and friendship between the two characters seem quite real, but there is nothing. <br /> Nevertheless, I regard it as a good movie! Do not give a science fiction horror film other than the treachery's deception. More comedy is more! It's really worth the look though, for the concept itself!
