Nothing is fantastic! It's so simple! It's still a movie that does not work. Natalie remains in the Sci-Fi world, but this is a comedy. For Cyprus, Natalie ($ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!) Likened work to a big budget. It's a budget to shoot a similar movie. A simple, good old fashion story and an attempt by Hollywood to capture a film for artistic pardon, largely due to the usual causes of financial gain. There is nothing about a movie about and before you ask, it's something like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are losers. They live in a strange house under two motorways. Andrew Dave Andrew is an agorafobic telesales travel agent while his best friend is staying with free rentals to help him. She has a beautiful girl who is so tired and wants to go with her. But by strange cop-fortunes, Dave found that his girlfriend mastered a huge amount of work at Dave Daves and Andrew was accused of involvoring a wrong girl scout (Canadian humorous people!). As you can see, Andreev's house will also collapse and will not happen as it is built on uninhabited land. When it comes to the police and the demolition team, both Andrew and Dave are at home. They are hopeless and will not be able to escape, and panic and confusion as well as whipping the police in everything. What happened? Dave and Andrew Died? Those who are still awake to find themselves at home are just silent. No police, no demolition team, angry girl scouting mother! Dave and Andy reveal that they have the ability to "hate or hate". As you can see, they are all away from the outside world. They are alone. The house is not covered by anything described as pure white. Almost all of these films are built from home and then just networked. The film is an interesting look on human insulation and mentality and, of course, they start to exaggerate each other because they spend alone with no food and water. We will say that they discovered that they could hate hunger and that they were useful, but of course they were out of their reach. <br /> <br /> This movie is very interesting, funny, interesting. Effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together two friends from Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and work very well. 90% of the film should be stored in a clean white background and still works. Undoubtedly, it should take the same diabolical treatments as Cypher and wait for these states to appear in the DVD for a year or two. <br /> <br /> Natalya is a person who has been interested in me for three years. <br /> <br /> Natali is the best and most exciting movie for me. So far, I will not wait for the features and the next feature. I betray God because I did not write and manage the Necropolis I had invoked. Vincenzo is old friend Paul, RUN! Move like WIND! I do not like this guy like Alex Proyas but cat-footed, sugar-coated, helium-lit: I do not like Hollywood with Robot. Clean your eyes for this guy. ****
