When it came out, it was an entertaining fun scene. So far, the most enjoyable, as James Cagney has played as a music prologue producer behind all the storms with a reliable "girl Friday" played by Joan Blondell and behind the last days. However, the number lasted by Busby Berkeley is quite a number of musical numbers that go out of the way. <br /> <br /> But this is a pretty strange movie. In one of these numbers, Billy Barty behaves as if to be a beloved child by doing all kinds of strange things. Even though Ruby Keeler always seems to have a swollen smile on her face, at least she does not need to behave as if she were in the next unsuccessful film. Dick Powell will never think of it as a hard-working man in the movie without seeing it; Probably all the tough guy energy was given to Cagney star. As for Cagney, its high speed is related to musical shows and, at the same time, it is gratifying and frustrating. After a while there is a little more. Waiting for her, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! Women are smoking and they come out of a few fogs! It's funny, but it's a little dull, and when she's in a difficult situation with a bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, the character of the Cagney gangster In fact, often B gangster director William Keighley is given a dialogue coaching and sometimes Cagney and Blondell call a "street", even though the characters are not a crime. <br /> <br /> numbers ... what can you say? Berkeley uses the human body it's really a fun way to do and geometry, but none of them really mean anything, it means "Honeymoon Hotel" is really little or nothing, and the integration is almost the same as the show is just like a movie a theater is doing things that can not be estimated by the audience at times, to put a fresh pressure on a newspaper, etc. All that could have been in the film, so the views that the prologue were really live shows were ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Cagney shows that the audience of the time is a little more important than ten years or so. <br /> <br /> His superior dance skills are off and he can share the scene with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes really go well. The music I am saying is only mediocre, but it repeats it very much. The Bacon direction is generally very convenient, but not exciting. The entertaining value of the film is undisputed and has led some nostalgic values ​​along the way. This is part of the 30s most "put on the show" films.
