The prestigious Amsterdam Fantasy Film Festival, which earned a lifetime success for more than 30 years, awarded a film director for many early Oliver Stone films and Lloyd Kaufmann (founder and president of Toxic Avenger, the founder and president of the only independent independent film studio in the world, Toxic Avenger). After increasing his money for this movie, Lloyd wrote this article with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and listened to his advice to direct Gershuni's film instead of film. But she was still inexperienced and therefore, no one is ashamed of such decisions. Like Lloyd's version of his own script, as one of the world's most original, seductive, experimental and non-destructive directors, he would probably be interested to see that he would probably prefer more than ever before. But like the film directed to Gershun. And the truth is that the weather is a powerful scriptor or indeed a director of itself, SUGAR COOKIES is a very receptive, highly durable and well-prepared movie. This suit budget was forced to work with a small studio (this Kaufman and his friend and partner, Michael Hers, before the formation of Throman for more than 30 years), although the film seems to be much more expensive, but there's really no "low budget" . The story is delightful about the delightful Camilla Stone (played by mysterious Mary Woronow) and her beloved lover. This leads to the consistency of Hitchcock's Vertigo inspiration and at least the invention, weak play and personality reform. Although the atmosphere is very small, Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell differ in PERFORMANCE. In this mixture, it is a very original and creative erotic loaded tension, which is not quite as clear as it would go with, together with a similar sub-plot similar to the beautiful BIG GUSS, which Kaufman was unable to use before and unfortunately . FUSS is a very exciting half an hour. One of the best films in the library of Troms and one of the worst desires of its catalog, which is one of the most enticing films. DVD, Kaufman Woronov, and other leading lady Lynn Lowry (later King of George Romero), and this is a very interesting idea of ​​how to make this favorite and a few instruction. It would have been different for Lloyd himself. Be advised.
