My old Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, a writer and journalist, a theater today, and eighty-one British filmmakers criticized the British name "Thatcher's Britain," Ealing's comedy "Attlee's Britain", which emerged after the 1945 victory in the general elections. the theory may have some satire, possibly "pleasant hearts and coronet" (a satire in the Edwardian upper classes), or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", but not political in nature. Pimlico, or at least forty years old, was mainly a working-class area London, London, gave information about a mile from Victoria's Victoria Railway Station, As it is often said, the film is not quite true to Pimlico, "declares Britain independent". Ancient charter in the XV century by King Edward IV was Burgundyə Kingdom. This means that, technically, Pimlico is an independent state and, despite the wishes of its inhabitants, is about five hundred years. The government promised to pass to a special Parliament to overcome anomaly, but until the Royal Act under its law, the region remains outside the United Kingdom and English law is not applied. <br /> Because Pimlico is free to open any time chosen by the local pub owner because of the British law, and prevents local trades from banned from selling anything they ask for whatever they want. When other traders started moving to the area to sell their property to the streets, the British authorities liquidated the area and abolished the territory to try and force Burgundians like the Pimlico people. <br /> <br /> Many Ealing comedies have the basic idea of ​​the idea of ​​a small man entering the system as an individual, as is the case with the "man in a white suit." or "The Lavender Hill Mob" or "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt" as part of a wider community. The main theme of the "Passport" is that there are ordinary men and women who take the bureaucracy and the government's arrangements that seem to be increasingly important in the lives of the forty-year-olds in Britain. The special purpose of the film is the crying system. During the war, the system was perceived as a necessary sacrifice by most people in the fight against corruption, but as the government tries to keep it in the peace process, the politics has become increasingly controversial. This was a key factor in the increasing popularity of the Attlee administration in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewives League campaigned for the removal of mosquitoes. We can not agree with the opinion that the main line of the movie line is "spivs" (black markets) playing in the Housewives League, which is relatively small or not in the action. This satire is often referred to bureaucrats, or is described as a "rule of thumb" or a desire to give up and avoiding any action. <br /> <br /> If the film is made today, I think that Pimlico and the English version of Monaco or San Marino will come to an end independently. (Indeed, I think this concept is not a movie, it's the basis of the TV's sitcom). But four years after the war ended in 1949, filmmakers were interested in patriotism and English identity, so the film was returned to England with Pimlico. One of the most popular lines in the film, "We're always in English, and we'll always be in English and English is our only way to be British." <br /> <br /> The majority of the movement is a sharp manifestation of good-natured affection with treachery and tolerance and good humor of Pimlico Cockneys. summer droughts and heat waves, but on the final stage, Pimlico drops the temperature and drops down after rebuilding England. Global warming could have changed everything, but for many years Britain's part could not keep its faith, so Britain had an unusually warm climate. Ability to joke about this climate is equally important. <br /> <br /> The office of Stanley Holloway, the free prime minister of Pimlico, has a good performance like a local politician Arthur Pemberton and a fun community as a batty history professor from Margaret Rutherford. But basically, this is a necessary film to shoot a film about a small community, an example of an ensemble acting without real stars, but everyone is a great film. It does not have bad reputation and will of more satirical films, but his mind and satire are less effective for all of these. This is one of the most enjoyable lines for bureaucracy, and it's my personal love for Ealing's comedies except Kind Hearts and Coronets. 10/10
