True, Danny Steinman's "Gambi" is a very predictable surface, not just a special attempt to curves or surprises, but a symptom of fear of every cliché that every genre is put forward for decades, but this is definitely a bad movie . Instead, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by the powerful little 80's shocking feature that's based on this dark, but apparently a few cunning pictures and obviously shiny castings. Beautiful and ambitious journalist Jennifer Fast travels to a few California towns to shoot a documentary on two of his equally attractive friends at a jubilee festival, but they have forgotten to register their hotel reservations. While looking for a place to stay, the trio enters the dubious museum curator, Ernest Keller, who invites his daughters to stay in a remote village mansion. One girl Keller and her exquisite and disobedient sister Victoria hides dark and deliberate mystery in their home. "Gambi" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately wrong combination of terrible classics called "Psycho" and "Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The plot consists of familiar topics that are imperceptible and infinite in these two films. These are very unappetizing treatments of family secrets wrapped in the basement, voyeurism, torn inbred killer and chickens. Nevertheless, "Gabi" is a totally unpretentious and humble thrilling tension that has never been thought of as the greatest fear of ten years, because I do not consider them negative. Although partisanship of the site is quite clear, director Steinmann tries to keep her secret by keeping her bad presence in the "unprecedented" home as promised. Casting choices and activities are really above the usual level of the cabinet. Sidney Lassick is an ideal choice for Ernest Keller's role in the role of Charlie Cheswick, a psychiatrist who is overly anxious in the section "A Flew over a Slacker's Slot". Her lasting kindness and naturally deviant look are what you need. Finally, Stephen Furst, who turns out to be invisible, gives a great performance like Junior. He looks and acts as a person with disabilities and is really sensitive to attempts to approach Jennifer in the basement. "Gambi" is a powerful early 80 movie that is slow and predictable, but still appealing to more than 70 expatriates and fans of strange things.
