Get this movie if possible. Do you find Barbara Bach, a beautiful (and incredibly clean), but really creepy old house with really good performance with amazing cinematography and unpredictable virtuoso performance? "Unseen". I raised a used copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, which I was looking at at "Spy Loving Spy". I really love classic beautiful actresses and if I can move a bit, I value them more. So we started with a wonderful fresh body. The TV reporter is traveling to his wife Bach and organizing a festive festival in the city of Solvang, which is different from the Swedish descent. He brings a cameraman who deals with a brother and a fellow believer. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Ms. Dennis Wilson) have a street fraternity fight if you know that each of these celebrities is married.)) Anyway? As he did not argue with him, Solvang, who hates Bach, is following him. There are many emotions among them, but he does not want to get himself tired of playing football career down the road. The ladies came to Solvang to charge their stations, only their reservations were given to someone else. (Maybe Bach's lover, because I think where will he stay?). Gals asks around, but there's no place to go. But now we are just trying to get into an old hotel that serves as a museum, and Mr. Keller (late Lindsey Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and who decides to live in his own home, is happy to accept them. Oh no! Something we know is that Keller's call for a whisper to his wife warns that the company has come and threatens to play in a better way. Anxiety in Paradise! The ladies want to settle, and they want to return to Solvang to return to Sweden, but one girl does not feel good. Bach and Lamm left him behind, surprised himself about Mrs. Keller (played only by Lelia Goldoni). What does he say? Under the air, Vicki does not notice that he wipes his clothes and goes into his room to check for Keller's rifle, a beautiful hot pot. He listens to it, thinks he is coming out of the canvas and thanks him. Lassick has done a great job in expressing the horror of this old dark shadow that had not been seen for a long time. After he left, poor Vicki fell into bed for a pillow, but was it a re-echo of a BIG thing that really creates a grin (a really decent, terrible motion reality)? It is unseen! Lamm will come home (Bach ends his debate with his beau) and can not find anyone at home. He sits on a fruit plate in the kitchen and sway his hair and princess scarf temptingly over the black floor grid to collect it with his hands and knees? Again, the Unseen! Yes, poor Lamm in the kitchen calms down, we look like Mr. Keller's past, and we take a full story about his illness, sadistic background, and why his spouse will not laugh much. Bach finally gets home and wants to know where his friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick warned her of killing her husband crying in the afternoon and decided not to allow Bach to reveal the secret of her home. <br /> <br /> <strong> The Keller family's tragedy was buried in the basement where all of us were expelled. <br /> <br /> I have never seen before, I can not say enough for Stephen Furst; it is clear that he has made homework for this role and learns the communication and expression methods of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni each, in a different way, just give the film a glow. Wind not only with the resolution, but also the movie. No stupid cheap tricks, eyeball-rolling dialogue or whitening cuts ... A real treat for your collection.
