This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with harsh characters, numerous movements and a great performance from Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is scared of it! The story is very good and I found it to be unpleasant for most of the kids, and Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing !. The action scenes are very good and this is almost done in a school like Die Hard! Moreover, Kata Dobó is sexy as a very scary and sidekick !. Finale is very exciting and has some cool emotional moments! But I just wanted to be another villain, because Alex Karzis, for my tastes, was not very bad OTT and laughable. In my opinion, it should have been higher than 4.1 when I thought it was a great action movie, and although the kids were so ludicrous when they were quite ludicrous, plus shootouts were pretty cool !! The ending was very entertaining and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite student! Dolph is still there !. This is not a great fun movie with tough characters, a lot of action and a great performance from Lundgren, but in my opinion, Alex Karzis is scared of it, and still love this proposal! Direction is very good !. Sidney J. Furie is doing a great job here with a very nice camera work, good angles and a very fast film !. There is a little blood and violence. We get very bloody armed wounds, knives on the head, bloody arrows, blows and other small things. The actor is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is always beautiful and unbelievable here, it is extremely unpleasant, as always, throws a donkey, was a great chemistry with children, was awesome, very charismatic, and a great emotional rage, which is still a very fun hell was! He is one of my favorite actors! (Rules of Lundgren !!!!!). Alex Karzis is a terrible thing as a bad guy, he was a funny OTT, boring and not heartwarming, but he also shouted at me. Kata Dobó was very sexy as side-stroke and what she was, she was beautiful in my opinion on a real charge !. Corey Sevier, funny as Mick, she was my beloved disciple, and in the second half I really enjoyed her, I loved it! He was a good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) Jennifer Baxter is very sweet and as good as fiancée. The rest of the cast is good. In general, I suggest this one !. 5 to 5 1/2
