I would highly recommend this movie! I, of course, will personally recommend my friends and family here and abroad! With great anticipation, I'm very glad to have ordered the internet in advance! Not from February to March, but worth the wait! First go and watch the cinema. There is nothing like a movie theater - a movie movie experience! Make sure your local movie is set up! Tonight I went to London to see the "Seachd, inaccessible pin" night and really amazed. He has put a really nice movie on the Scottish Highlands: laughing, crying, moving in different ways, you'll be amazed and you'll be in the story because of the story. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English Subtitles, but do not let it hurt you if you're not Gaelic's spokesman: I just started, my son was not there tonight there were not many people, what did not break the method! Superlatives are not enough! Photography is superior - there is no CGI and it's better for the movie - there's a real photography here! The scenario is very spectacular and subtle. The multi-layered structure compiles the magic art of ancient storyteller. Music is sometimes rousing, exciting, but always added to the atmosphere. And the player? ... this ... and actors? ... It's a pleasant but profound film but the two main actors, especially Padruig-the-young, and Padruig-the-Elder (While carrying a very heavy burden, true bard! And Direction? Well Richard Wait! Financing , employer who is the main employer and responsible for organizing distributors? An assignment has been completed well! I hope the distribution will be delivered to the public abroad! And the Gaelic community, Willie, could not be without you! It was not told us that this movie was put in a low budget, you can not know it and I think it is good because it's more than just because of the loss of money <br /> <br /> The warmth and co-operation of the local Gaelic community in Scotland. <br /> <br /> "Seachd" - Preparing Mòran taing and thank you very much for your sponsorship! (Fortunately!) From Gaelic to the World! D up to Gaelic!
