It is impossible to summarize this document in several words. Each of your body's fibers says it's not accurate right from the opening of fast firing pictures to Ground Zero's final cleaning, but each frame is real. The story tells of two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (announcement of "Nau-day") is a rescue fireman, addressing Firefighters in New York, starting with a "new" from the academy and appealing to the audience for nine months. Nearly friendly, actor James Hanlon (36), Naudets seeking motor and firefighter assistance at Motor 7, Motor 7, dropped out of the "Produsions" at the Academy and found one of Toni Benetakos, who will find most of documentary films. <br /> <br /> Toni jokes gates and slowly learns people and parts of the station life through members of close relatives. Rescuers have a betrayal of "Probiot". This is either the "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", that is, the last one creates all kinds of fires "Probie". First, there are very few firefights, but one day it will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "White Cloud". After some initial pains, Tony fires as an inexperienced veterinarian. Then you can not imagine it. <br /> <br /> On September 11, 2001, with a clear blue sky and a remote gas leak from Wall Street, it starts with an early morning call to walk and ride. Since Jules does not have a small camera experience, Gideon draws a camera to his younger brother and sets out with President T. K. Pfeiffer. When it comes to fire at 8:42, firefighters begin to use a grill with gas detectors. Then a low-flying plane landed on the scene and saw Jules climb up the first day of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 collapsed in front of World Trade Tower North Tower. Pfeiffer orders his men with a fire engine and leads the World Trade Center. Once upon a time, the Jules Tower asked to accompany the Chief. Pfeiffer promises to approach Naudet. The full effect of the growing disaster begins to show off on the faces of men who are the sole purpose of surviving. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the firefighting scene and hit the area of ​​influence. Once upon a time, it captures the impact of the second United States Flight 175 on World Trade 2. Jules knows that Pfeiffer is in the towers. Gondion is watching and capturing people in an irresistible manner, and the fear of the Lower Manhattan begins to hold on to the tape. Inside the tower, Jules writes to the world of his latest appearance, or 80 stories to save and save the wounded survivors with their 60lbs long-lasting climbing techniques to their children, fathers, mothers, fathers, husbands, increased. Jules also makes his last impression Chief Pfeiffer will give his brother Kevin, and he will go to fulfill his dedication. Also, video captured devices are the sound of the horn sound that is selected from the drifting devices to pass above the high peaks before the flames and the smoke on the smoke. But Jules respected, he never takes a sensational moment ... the money was pulled. His work is professional through fire baptism. He also looks after two castles after the second plane crash and evacuated the rescuers from the building. Then Jules was caught after the collapse of the southern tower and took the first official sacrifice: Michael Judd, the cleric of the fire department. Then the structural collapse of one of the towers begins, as Jules and the Pfeiffer depart from the collapse of the tower. <br /> <br /> As Jules and Gideon act individually to document that day, the result is a breathtaking look from Zero Zero. Both are not aware that they are terrible, and each one is afraid of the worst. Each firefighter greets each other with happy hugs when it comes to the firebug. At a moment of awesome feelings, Jules and Gideon are reunited. When Jules calls to his brother, Gideon accepts his younger brother, Hanlon, who deals with filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Toni Benetakos believes that a man who left the station with the ex-president is missing ... but if he returns to the door, this Probie has proven himself. <br /> <br /> It's a striking endeavor in the 9/11 documentary, with only three breaks. Images from Hindenburg look at the history as they look at history. Naudets deserve praise for good management. This tendency in small hands will be oriented to the sophistication, but the Naudites are dignified and compassionate. When told by Xanlon, we get the sense of the words when he / she accepts the audience with the events of September 11. Robert De Niro holds the program heavily and freely. He will never seek the camera for his glory, but instead, he will reveal the scenes you see. And I'm grateful to CBS for their courage when sending this special airplane. We hurry to try to get the rankings, they hurt the corrupts of the killed people's feelings. This is a necessity for anyone who wants to remind you what kind of heroism is. The dribbling or hate of a basketball is not about selling the album ... 9/11 is the best humanity. Heroes are the best and freedom spending. <br /> <br />
