According to the start of the baby, after the Second World War, Americans left the cities of Iskander for years to come to the outskirts where they could fulfill their dreams. H.C. This light, but striking observer, written by Potter and Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), is a very good part of the 1948 comedy comedy. Of course, is it expert trials of expertise? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and especially acerbic Melvyn Douglas? manages processes with natural likelihood compared to growing dreams of homeownership. Although the film is sixty years old, there is an endless quality of Blandings' dreams and obstacles facing this achievement. Obviously, at least two in Hollywood - many physical Tom Hanks comedy, 1986 "The Money Pit" and last year's Ice Cube's "We're not finished yet?" <br /> <br /> Look at the HGTV's program schedule that the situations investigated today are still resonating. <br /> <br /> His wife Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and his two daughters - two bedrooms - the Manhattan apartment. Instead of pursuing the idea of ​​renewing Muriel's $ 7,000 apartment, Jim sees a photo of the Connecticut home in a magazine and carries out the places he needs to move. Blandings decided to buy a defective home in need of renovation, with the help of a potential real estate agent and lawyers and family friend Bill Coul. However, the foundation is so bad that the house needs to be demolished in a new way. It bends Blandings to force a house to be descended to a house that is twice as high as the second floor. Every new complexity, fervent flames, and even the romantic triangle costs Jim, Muriel and Bill. <br /> <br /> First of all, they are later dismissing themselves, but some funny slapstick scenes and new entrepreneurs do not have a clever dialogue that tweaks happy ignorance, but rather brings it double and delivers flawless lineage , Grant is stubbornly epitomized by this kind of Persian and Jim Blandings's more married mid-career characters. First, in the role of Irene Dunne, why does Myrna Loy prove to be Hollywood's perfect wife? He does not get a lot of funnier lines, but he combines a special blend of special airplanes and suspensions to make himself a character in Muriel's character. Extremely maneuverable with its dreamy characteristic palette. Ovunivers, like Non-boring Bill ("Cole", "Bill Cole"), show Melvyn Douglas Grant's natural, ease-of-year appearance as foil. The smaller roles are packed with memorable species, such as the well-known lakonist Mr. Tesander, Jimin's assistant Mary Lurene Tuttle, and Louise Beavers, such as Blandings's lover Gussie, by Harry Shannon. The 2004 movie features some entertaining vintage outfit that includes two DVD versions of DVDs - first connected to Grant and Dunne in 1949, with a subsequent spouse, Betsy Drake, a second 1950 version. The most appropriate 1949 film, Tomorrow's House, also includes a funny tour of a futuristic dream home. Ten of the film's classics of Grant complement the original theater trailers additions.
