Japanese Tomo Akiyama's Keko Mask (1993) is a very enjoyable garbage movie and is great to watch! There are some sequels, but I have not seen them since these are hyper-rare. Release some times in some days would be nice, so many garbage fans wanted these movies. In the cheek story, language teachers think that they can torture students to acquire discipline - that is, the most important thing in education for teachers. The school manages the school ward of the school, no matter what, is incredibly funny (just look at my costume!) And only explains why they have never been paid for such suits. teachers are in perfectly normal clothing. The most important thing about the film, the beautiful and masculine fairy, Keko Mask, always comes to rescue girls and students from violence and torture by teachers! Yes, this super-hero is an effective woman and she is fighting the evil cheerleaders who are playing in the background with absolutely no cheese noise. Most important, of course, with the rest of his body, there was nothing but strawberries and masks! <br /> <br /> The most interesting thing in this film is how Keko Mask is killing his enemies. <br /> <br /> Keko Mask: It's a beautiful but deadly vagina! Yeah, you've read it right. He hits his victims, flies in the air, expands his legs, and humbles the appearance of the enemies, then breathes and binds his legs! The most common end line is said in this film: "I have not seen such a beautiful vagina" and "I can die in peace now". This movie is absolutely fantastic! There are some penalties against the Japanese society, for example, the attitude toward sex relations in movies (Japanese censors optically smear all the poor hair in the fog / any movie) and some restrictions on girls and boys among schoolchildren (it is not allowed to chat in this movie, etc.) There is a beautiful scene where a nerd girl knows what you know for the first time, and "Hey, no fog!" I think I'm laughing at the scene, but laugh as I think what Japanese censors think about it. In addition, he says that if he allows movies to be postponed, he will return to the end of a character. Glad to allow me to hear that the series is unheard of. <br /> <br /> This is the most funniest and most intelligent form of garbage, and that's why these movies are a little bit unsettling. it is difficult to find. If this happens slightly faster at some point, it would be a great experience if these segments are very small. This film will be fully understood because there are lots of garbage that I have not mentioned here, and that does not mean all here. If you like rubbish movies and multi-colored films, I like this little ship like me, and the director is definitely a genius in this area! 8/10 Perhaps the only film that is a deadly vagina that is fatal?
