I took this movie despite a very low rating, because I wanted to see the crew animate the existence of many worlds. In fact, they did not - at least, so it seems. Some of the main characters are cut off in a more biased manner - so most viewers think. But at the end of the surprise, and, unfortunately, in most cases, most viewers stop filming. I was also surprised to see the Brazilian-Portuguese title "Voyage to Death". <br /> <br /> This movie is going to ALONE (it's completely incomprehensible), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start with the English title "Haunted Boat" at the beginning of your movie, you probably think that the ghosts of the apparently strange figures are "ghosts". But in fact, this film is not the most frightening film ever narrated from the perspective of a long-distance writer-perspective, which can be interpreted from the perspective of the young girl, which can be distinguished between different levels of reality at any time. We saw him not only with his four friends but also because he sees them. We do not see her alone. So, parallel worlds, not the camao images that flow into the picture, but the story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world where the girl is and the four friends. The attack on a third world is probably a young man with medical skills that is likely to come to the ship for a short period of time. <br /> <br /> I can not save this movie without thinking of filmmakers. a few thousand people were "pushed" by a few second-graders, believing they were prepared by actors who were rushing out of the "pick-up" for their "deeds." dump after at least twelve beers. How can a mistake be! However, this is the next surprise, along with the great surprise that only learned in the last minutes. The girl is rescued by a crew with a helicopter and a ship. When he returned from the shock, he and four other friends came together again at the harbor. And there's it again! They took him out of the ship which he had driven out of the sea. They jump into the water and come to the ship - they are far away. The miracle is beautiful. The rector remembers a little by the end of a poem: When I woke up, I saw death in my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he went.
