Strange, but serious second-class English glam-rock band Strange Fruit breaks wild'n'wacky over-ridden at the end of the 70's. Individual band members take their individual paths and place an unhealthy middle-aged life in the mid-90s: The Moroccan keyboardist Stephen Rea, the talented, talented lead singer Bill Nighy's success, Paranoid drummer Timo Spall, a strange solo continues his career, lives in a dark farm, because he is afraid of not paying a huge tax debt, and a solid bass player Jimmy Nail installs roofs for a roof. Older Valentine's group accepted the patient's concept, and long-lived manager Juliet Aubrey recaptured the band for a great deal of ineffective and unpleasant disaster, which did not treat the European nostalgic reunion tour twenty years later. The ablution we have whimpered with our beloved will try very much, but fumblingly to humiliate the day when it is lit in a very bright manner. <br /> <br /> Brian Gibson director Brian Gibson demonstrates a very large infection respect and sensitivity. She likes more than 70 high-altitude, rich, generally fond of more than 70 rocks, and likes this magnanimous screwdriving character with a compassionate little chip with a great sense of enthusiasm and tireless verve. Written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, a groundbreaking, written article, at the same time, brilliantly splendid spots on dry intelligent ground and land richness, make the face a certain bittersweetly impact and often an ugly vibe, giving the luminous glow of the image itself indefinitely. Ashley Rowe's charming, elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks so beautiful, and the perfect glamorous and groovy music creates cunning rock with the flair and aplomb. Kudos was also a hopeless ragtag rock material to restore his former glory to Kudos in his final proposal until the horizontally exhausted and exaggerated spirit of his burned soul, still deeply frustrating the past. great time success. All of these are very striking and tangible stones, as one of the original serial chambers in the 1990s.
