Can not deny that Hak Se Wui is a good and well thought-out movie. Does the film still use a number of smart numbers that play contemporary with the tradition? A movie played on every corner of the film, John Woo's Hong Kong films have put explosives together as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong films place the story in 'rattling' rhythms <br /> <br /> is a memorable film for the truth of the unexpected scenes, because it is, on the one hand, not just disturbed, realistic and tasteful (if there is a right word) and clever "small pieces" in filming. It is difficult to take part in the meeting, but the election is really structured in one of the three structures: the first concern surrounding the actual elections and everyone who votes is voting? It does not like everyone's decision, but Americans say it goes. The second actor is the purchase of ancient botanicals from China that the traditional requirements must take part in the opening ceremony and some of the characters that emerged with their own thoughts on how the triad would work. No need to say; <br /> <br /> The majority of elections are some of the errors in the third row, some of the events and the twists are happening for each of the three, some of them small and insignificant. Trying to kill only a few minutes of choice was a difficult task for writers and filmmakers, and was featured at numerous points. A certain scene started to go somewhere just before the police broke up and then I felt everyone was arrested. It happens several times: a battle takes place in a restaurant, but there is a police officer and everyone is arrested; There is a secret meeting among the Triads, but the police come out and everyone is caught; some other triads are subject to pre-election discussions, but how much does the police look and think? You know. <br /> <br /> I thought the movie was thinking that after leaving the pipeline, everyone would use a holy baton to make the move. This baton occurs as a chase after a raid on a truck after a ride with a truck, a battlefield with a dark motorcycle and a kung fu struggle on a street? scenes are unpredictable, realistic and severe, but as I said, they are 'tasteful'. Looking at the election is a great deal of attention to these beautiful details. When the triads are in prison, the bars are covered with wires because they are all animals in the cage as they deal with conflicts during the conflict. Another wonder that draws attention to detail is the use of Uncle River by using tea, referring to the other leaders who use the Long Good Friday, and also refer to the tradition of Chinese tea to celebrate or commemorate. br> <br /> The election is a fantastic mise-en-scene film, which is well-established to look good and looking at what's happening in the film. Some of the doors and gowns, as well as the shedding styles, such as search and chase for the bag, shake. The opening ceremony was completely integrated into the film as well as another short film; the Chinese tradition in the process. I feel the final scene is the final scene that perfectly summarizes: the two remarkable characters discuss the triangle's judgment entirely, realistically, unexpectedly and intensely: of course, delightfully.
