"Old school kung fu movies, revenge pictures, many people have taken a lot of movies to come up with a movie, a lot of people have come to the fore - even more fans have been here since then.Chang Chai's best movie on Hong Kong's film industry continued by John Woo (who started working in the HK film industry working in Cankaya), during the heroic era in the late 1980s, with more modern films, such as A Man Hero, a character in a suit inspired by this film "The Poison Clan" is a secret treasure with their sleeve, so it's a little bit different from other Wu-Tang Clans, Sprite, and "Mortal Kombat." for their animal styles or "poisons" (lizards climbing walls, deadly strikes on scorpions, etc.), with the extraordinary kung fu capabilities that the clan always wears mask, does not know who else is. Thus, a simple plot is almost turned into a voltage tension. The Ordinary Suspects we've talked about here are far from many kung fu movies. The Golden Carpet, probably, was not very happy with the movie Chanx - like most of the movies, they felt very dark and violent - and really wanted to add him a great comic relief. Fortunately, he joined Chang guns and, in fact, lived up to his original script, completing a perfect dramatic arc and providing an extraordinary perfect heartbeat. <br /> <br /> But the film is really weak. Chang Cheh struck a magical form with casting - won only talented martial arts artists (competing without wires and other special effects, putting the most modern martial artists in shame), and also great actors. The form was so popular that it was usually one or more poisons in the movies that were coming to him later. Returning to issues that are in the oldest school movies, actors play cardboard tracks, but here the actors really create characters. As you can see, everyone has the favorite poison (my Philip Kwok - the best known as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled), and this is a personal touch to the characters created by the Five Deadly Venom. genuine classic genre. Normally, if you are not an admirer of old school movies, there is nothing else to look for in the inspiration of contemporary movies, but you should check Five Deadly Venom. "
