Of all the kung fu movies created in the mid-1970s and early 1980s, the following cult culture developed. Bruce Lee is a film based on time-tested and unique story, except for all the films in this movie. An old kung fu master, Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang), says the last student of the past five students. He wore all five masks and nobody saw each other's face, and all of them were made differently. Their specialty in Kung Fu was Cranberry, Snake, Centipede, Toad, and Scorpion. The master called them a poisonous Clan, and he does not know what happened to Tieh because they wanted to help them find good things to stop them from doing good. An old man, once a member of the Poison Clan, has a map hiding too much and looks like a target. Tieh does not know that they appear to be in order to create confusion in the community and to learn and resolve who they are. Tieh found that Snake was in Centipede where they killed a family to find a map with Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu). A map finds a mystery man to reach Scorpio, but he knows who he is. A local police officer, Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok), investigates crimes with his partner, Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo), and they know each other's identity. The snake bribes local officials to commit suicide on Li Ho and tortures and kills while in prison. When Sin finds teams together with Tieh and tries together with Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was run by Cheh Chang and was a very special director when it came to films. The discovery of the chang mill kung-fu and their films have always featured a special quality. Chang, who took revenge on most of the martial arts films, did not use it as a central topic. Although this film is later revenge, this movie is more complicated. Five men wearing masks and masks by the same master. Then he is in that area and does not know who is who. A very unique story tells that this film is different from others and most of the Changs stories are in a class by themselves. Since Bruce Lee is a symbol of the whole world and a more original look of martial arts they exhibit, I will not enter the same league as "Enter Dragon". This movie is still fastened to the sides of the walls and has all the possible things that pass through the air, but this movie is not necessarily a battlefield. Learn more about the story and the intrigue of the heroes. This is different from all other kung fu films. Developed with a very good story.
