This is a really good thing. I'm convinced that Sean Connery, retired as James Bond, is now replaced by hi-tech brainwashing instead of fast spyware and will not be able to continue the espionage case today when casual women are reviewed. to be less sexy than advanced computer hardware. "Cypher" is a sophisticated Sci-Fi triller and often experiences a heartwarming and claustrophobia feel. You know the trends in such films: nothing is visible and when you think of what you are thinking, the writers mix again with everyone so they add a new twist. The events in Cypher happen in the most prominent areas of the computer world where key companies do nothing but steal each other's lightning. Digisoft launches millions of people and launches a new identity to allow millions of people to spy on Sunways Corporation as their biggest rival. On the other hand, Sunways continues to delete Digisoft rats and tries to get them back as a double spy. Among all these malicious businesses Morgan Sullivan; Thirty-one non-colorless workers selected by Sebastian Rooks (Uber-Spy) to implement BOTH's secret policies. Believe me, it is less complicated than that, and director Vincenzo Natali ("Friend of the Pipe") takes the time to present all the important and less important symbols. The first half of the film is reminiscent of John Frankenheimer's gem "Seconds"? Is Rock Hudson a player? but also seriously changing the identity and the old way of life. Some numbers also go straight out of the 60th movie, loose white rooms and awesome awesome corridors. Morgan has a great deal of effort and durability when Digisoft crew effortlessly detects how their brains treat their washing techniques during drilling conventions. The middle part of the film is a little slower, and I'm hoping for a little more complex picture of the far-reaching future, as it's already understood that it's going to lead to a lot of misleading consecutive curves. Jeremy Northam is a mysterious mysterious as the perfect cast and foxy lady who seems to be on her side of your favorite Lucy Liu. Choosing a Regular Director David Hewlett has the most memorable support role as uncannily eccentric Suways engineer Virgil C. Dann. "Cypher" is well-designed and adrenaline Sci-Fi fun entertainment is recommended for people who want to use their full-time brain ability.
