It is a beautiful creative low-budget Sci-fi movie created by the religious director Vincenzo Natali. The film plays like Philip K Dick's transition to Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the movie feels like a thing you see. The film is very beautiful, I love cinematography, feel fresh and original. Plot-wise, the movie "Total Recall", "Dark City" and "The Matrix" and its highly refined products, such as Sci-fi film explores similar themes. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) decided to start working as a company spy for Digicorp, a bored suburbanite and a major technological corporation. At the start, she meets with a recruitment officer, who teaches Sallivan to ship and what to do. He goes to conferences of competent firms and marks them as a pen with a hidden satellite transmitter. In addition, she must take a different identity and keep her secret from her husband. After making his first job strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ, and he has headache and headache, as well as nightmares. She is facing an interesting woman named Rita Foster (she is played by an exciting player Lucy Liu). However, when he goes to the next job and sees it again, he reveals himself as an agent that shows his work is not quite invisible. He later finds the rest of the people involved in Digicorp's work. Conferences allow companies to spy on men. Alternative name was given to an antidote to Sullivan Digicorps spraying and at the last conference, a brain of the spies was dragged into a dead day dream, suddenly the lights turned off and workers in Digicorp came with striking lights in the eye of all invaders, then they bring head kits for each member they send in a terrible state, send messages to the brain, and believe that the collapsed ones are the other. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and erases their existence to create personalities and life for these people. Sullivan must now claim that he believes Jack Thursby to be. Digicorp want to steal information from their rivals and their puppets Samways want to do it now, except to Sullivan, this is what spies are managed effectively. When Sullivan discovered Samways catch and really get brainwashed to be used as a pawn to spy Digicorp Sullivan to be a double agent. Onlar digicorp onlara Sinqhsi daxil onun yol işləmək və şirkətin aşağı bağlamaq bilər ki, mühüm şirkət məlumat yükləmək üçün bir vəziyyət daxil edə bilərsiniz qədər sistemini işləmək üçün Thursby göndərdi bilirik. They will understand that Samways will plan and play with Digicorp and allow Thursby to leak into the data banks, but Digicorp will give a dangerous disc that will destroy the system. The field begins to twist and both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. She was in the middle and Rita Foster was a secret to learn what helped her. When a mysterious third party is involved, Foster shows that a working person should decide to go to this independent agent, who is able to provide Sallivan with a new life and security or to have one of the companies he has worked on. The tension builds on a stonking summit, as it seems to be that it wants to destroy it after the usefulness of everyone. Casting is great. Northam is perfect and sophisticated in performance. He brings a great visual appearance to his performance, his eyes are talking to a story, and we see a subtle change in his character changing from Sullivan to Hamschulub. Lucy Liu is just sexy outside of her faith, and her presence gives the film a great deal of dynamism because it looks strange, but actually works. <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> <br /> <br /> <br> </ STRONG> The film is also a beautiful view and it is a nice way to wrap gave. Aşağı büdcə filmi üçün bəzi təsəvvürlü vizual effektlərə malikdir və CGI böyük deyil, baxmayaraq ki, filmi mənfi təsir etmək üçün heç bir mərkəz parça olmayacaqdır. The film really stays with them, bringing the feelings of The Matrix and other great movies. The area is nearly invariably inevitable, but in fact it helps to create a scene in which Cronenberg and Lynch are exposed. The film always prepares for the things that are going on and really makes the surprises when going along. This is usually a classic classic, and it's incredibly popular when I'm released in states. ***** 1/2
