If you are one of those who are delighted to accept the title of the Dead Book, Eibon's Book, or Necronomicon, then you must feel at home with Malefique and change the fate of everyone. A terrible object was discovered by four Danish prisoners who shared a cell, Danvers, a series of murdered men in the 1920s; a man with rejuvenation and black art before suddenly disappearing. Book seekers Carrère (Gérald Laroche) aims to become a woman acquired by her husband, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), and also builds her body to fulfill a run-off plan, half a year ago (Dimitri Rataud) eats the baby's sister and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac) was saddened to read the murderer's murder. Meat Loaf's Fight Club (1999) is equally bizarre, starting with Lassalle, a bass player, begins as a dominant member of the fourth quartet, especially the baby of Paqqueret. Together with the arrival of the book and its dangerous content, Marcus is of greater importance. Providing an early mortgage, Carrère gets less than academic interest in the events. Suddenly he needs an emergency rescue option and Danvers's book begins to reveal some awesome powers because of the experience of the prisoners ... <br /> <br /> Most prison inside the prison cell and to a claustrophobic atmosphere completely suited to the four Malefique subjects (like the movie's limited budget). Only in the beginning and afterwards, we must eventually go beyond the cell, a necessary opening serves to emphasize the essence of the hidden, which is not just judged elsewhere. More than anything else, this punishment is a film of peril as a victim of your past or hidden event. At the beginning of the film, Carrère says, "I will run away," who wants more than anything else to join his wife and son. Whether it is undeniable or not, the film will fall into a terrible price and the great irony of the film, the last appearance of the movie can not be imagined by a human being. <br /> <br /> All of these budgetary restrictions are so great for the first time that the film is directed by Eric Vallette. As cited by critics, it is a strong Freudian overtones - Lassalle's different mammals and, for example, breast feeding for adults; A vaginal photo of the living and eye-catching; a grown man who turned into a fetus; Danvers' original placenta fetish; a dark cell, an 'expected' delivery, and so on. The Vallette script, with its many exciting features, makes it a difficult leg error, and it succeeds in creating an atmosphere that is really worrying when it falls. only four children, four corners, one folding table and one book issue. One or two minutes - the flashing vagina shown above, or finally Pâquerette, has the original, growing Lovecraftian frisson, as men call their inevitable darkness - this is unsettlingly memorable. Many of the dark events in Malefique are intentional and many reject the rapid withdrawal of Hollywood: a video culture approach that frequently distorts the horrific views of frequent motion and dignity. A similar and measured approach to shocking hallucinations in films such as Verhoevé's Fourth Man (1983) is perhaps a European rule - a movie that accidentally spoils a bad picture around a prolapsed eye. /> <br /> 1.85: 1. Malefique takes advantage of good demonstrations, and if it did not seem to be understood at least as a result for the viewer, it was worth the effort to go to the last shot. Another good reason to be grateful for the emergence of these good-looking fears coming out of the French industry once Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), which was acknowledged as a good way, came about this time. Only a valuable product from Asia came from Asia
