Good fear films from France are very rare and why it is so easy to see! When a talented young filmmaker releases a stunning new movie, he moves to the prominent Hollywood right after directing a major budget reconstruction of another great movie classic! How is it possible for France to create a frightening fear when the French leave their country after a movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie and director Alexandre Aja (one way) gave the states the right to make the "Smoke Eyes" (I still can add). Eric Valette's long-term debut "Maléfique" was also a very encouraging and charming horror, and he also drove away from Hollywood to direct Takashi Miike's dream story into a "Callless Response." So you are there, two talented French, after a while, will not shoot more films in their native countries. "Maléfique" is a simple yet effective calm that requires a lot of patience for its slow start, but after surface improvements it offers great atmosphere tension and a few beautiful special effects. The film is almost entirely in place and offers only four characters. We are not in a French prison prison with four occupants. The new arrival is a businessman who gives time for fraud, an old and "wise" prisoner is a sadistic person who kills his wife and then has a single transvestite and a lowly fiancee. In the 1920s they find an ancient magazine on the wall of a cell belonging to a patient specializing in escaping black magic spells and supernatural ways. Four prisoners begin to prepare their own fleeing plans using strange formulas of the book, but what is hidden from something hidden? Eric Valette occasionally splits the ocean's characteristic characters into four heroes, sometimes causing unnecessary and subtle sub-windows, but some kind of Wishmaster-device, depending on the book itself. "Maléfique" is a dark film, truckloads are a lot of twisted details about claustrophobic tension and human behavior. Follow some of the richest American manufacturer's company before it decides to reconnect with four pretty teenage teens in vague roles among hardcore criminals.
