This film was locked in a prison magazine, a magical magic book written by an old prisoner in 1920, seeking a genuine hope of using a magic book called Danvers. Carrère's (Gérald Laroche) criminal tactic (shortcuts) was imprisoned with three oddball attackers ... transsexual rough Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus's love toy, Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) (for six-month-old sister ) and Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who is the "mother", who does not read or eat breakfast (.. killed his wife at that time of the last day). The film follows Carrère, as he reads from his book, tries to understand the hope of finding a prisoner. Carrère loves his child and believes he has come early to take his wife for a while. When he betrayed, Carrère began to slowly hate and wish to see and hold his beloved son. Carrère's most harsh critic, Marcus, who is still a complete woman, is still attending a few personalities, for example, working and leaking. He makes difficult talks and uses his muscles as a type of fear tactic, even though it is a deep inner weakness. Pâquerette is entirely under Marcus's control and acts as a dog for her master ... There is an exciting scene where Marcus is breastfeeding Pâquerette! Lassalle, a mysterious secret, slowly opens his heart to understand the motifs and the possibilities he may have in his evil mind. Obviously, Lassalle, who holds intellectuals and secrets from others, actually keeps the motivation behind watching the secrets of the book. Soon, those who do not intimidate the book try to "escape" from the cell, which destroys their true desires, not the four cellular cells. After some offense, the book is thrown out of a very interesting character into a camera as a new torture in the room. Who is this person and how he understands the power of a book and how it is better, how to use it? <br /> <br /> Each of the detainees, who are stationary in this film, has frequently seen their windows reach the world. <br /> <br /> I've had a chance to watch this movie. Playing as "Monkey Paw", the character takes what you want, but you need to meet the price. The graphic intensity of the graphic film has amazing moments, but I think it's primarily a story related to the story. This is a product of the book's opening. When a group of people stands in the air, their legs are wrapped around, and a strange opening action has been shown to kill one after a person's desires. When Danver's fate ends, we see a beautiful special sequence of effects on the child's melting. Lassalle's fate is a masterpiece of skill. I know that Maléfique has always kept my focus on Eric Valette's well-traveled, and because of this isolated film (about 95% of the film is in a single place, in prison). Here is a summary of interesting cadres and interesting features. Not to mention an attractive story using supernatural managing them.
