If possible, I advise families to show only to older children. Some of the things in this movie are likely to be of great concern to manage the little ones. Let me tell you about this movie. This is actually a man's fox documentary, which originally protected his territory and sought his wife. Taking a breath beginning with the beautiful sunrise and musical money. After the ugly after you breathe better in the area more. They gave both bubble and vixen names, but I could not remember what they loved me. Fighting from this aggressor, earning his love. Later, creating a single and vixen Toxunus family has many joyful and entertaining moments, but the tragedy and bad intentions are multiplied too soon. The first victims are the blind corps, approaching a very high level. Tired and washed away. The second victim is a pole hung hung chicken deceived by the dead in chicken stealing. An unknown foot goes to the trap. If he tries to escape, he will break part of his foot and escape from his death. The rest of the fox family has to watch his death under the tree. a single father who is now forced to take the role of mother and father. You just have to teach them the skills needed for life. Later, the two boys who grew up did not suffer after having an ugly fate; because of the intolerance and cruelty of man, I will not break the staggering end to you, but we will bring the farmer and his dog closer to his tail. And when I saw something like the Showbiz cable at the beginning of the 1980s, I saw that. It was only 4 when I saw him, but I did not understand why he would not let me see all of this. Why do I know why, after looking into Disney in a secret way, when she was 9 years old, she became emotionally overwhelmed when she saw the evil. I moved to tears. It serves one purpose. Allowing these and other animal species to be exposed and why they are endangered. This documentary wanted to get a message about the endangered species, and I hoped it would work. Fraudulent Disney does not teach the true nature of life as the nature films, causing animals to quit. Extortion of the land, killing The main fowls of the foxes and the deliberate killing of these beautiful animals led them to jeopardize them. They will continue to film this film to see if they are being treated more closely (Glacier Fox 2005). Teresa and her siblings are linked to a growing vixen pupa. This film, in particular, reflects on the consequences of the death of one of his parents, sometimes with his family. The living parent seeks to teach and teach both. Important Lessons of Life. They are not enough to protect them when they are particularly adults. Especially when some of their lives are destroyed, they are tragedy to sacrifice. Best of all, no noise and music account you've never heard of.
