OK ... so far this film has been developed by critics and writers posters (although the devil's lawyer is playing, critics are often people who have not done it for themselves as filmmakers, and placards are often people) I would like to sit with magic sponge in Guy's Corner, perhaps because of the way some people decide to not see the movie <br /> <br /> It's unexpectedly complex to win the biggest flaw in the film. This has been described many times as making the film "inaccessible to the audience". The chronology of the movie is relatively non-linear, and characters are not as a means of explaining a single story, but as a device to show the subtle (or subtle) instruction of our understanding. Stating that Ray Liotta's "Fear Me" stabbing, stinging StatNum's POVs or queries and courage (from Liotta's POV) is terribly horrible. This is an example of Ritchie's more eloquent approach to filming Revolver, and we have a very archetypal (powerful, but silent, anti-heroic, erroneous world of corruption, bringing it to the world of corruption ... dyes, uncertain poetry of the argument, and down to strange noise), but then Guy is a series of very philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> See the place where Jason Statham's character flies out of the car. This film shot in the film could be taken out of the film and the story was no different ... Ritchie points out how such small luck events, such as a phone call, can make a difference between life and death. So, the film's recent movements are quite boggling, so I'm in the last 20 minutes or "uh ... wtf?" To pass to the film's history ... But this is the hardest reason to ignore artwork. It is difficult to understand that it is easy to dislike something. And it is easier to say, "Well, no one understood it because it should be a true movie of this movie!". For my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature piece of contemporary art in the same way as Saatchi Brothers. If you call this opportunity collectively "Ah * t", I wanted a movie about a blood transfusion in the blood ... Guy Ritchie is a tit! "The filmmakers will come to the day when they are only allowed to do what is expected of the bad guys, and Guy can not be deep without" ambitious "because he puts a name for himself with funny, lean cocktails.
