Now I have read some negative reviews on this website for this show and I'm very scared. If anyone thinks Sopranos is not a Television, then I do not know what the world has to say. I can say something. I started watching many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood, and even Invasion. But all of these shows took the idea of ​​2 people, especially from Lost and Prison Break, after the first season, and touched on refusing to follow multiple missions. Then we have Sopranos. Honestly, this is the only television series in all areas of my season and, most importantly, all the episodes that I am amazed at. There are no sections in this show that are not perfect. There is nothing perfect. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I have heard that HBO can play Ray Liotta Tony, but it would be a good choice, but I knew that the first few episodes HBO did not do a great job at Jamie Tony. The emotion you see is superior. Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (who I remember as Johnny Ola in John Godsfather Part 2) and my two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors perform the best quality and perform perfectly in each episode. Then there is a story, I never asked for T.V show. The story is not a great deal. Each episode is very well directed and the price of this show is just fantastic. I feel that Sopranos is a show I'll be able to watch over and over again. He has everything from cheerful humor to brutal violence, but still is the best thing for TV grace, and then I challenge everyone to find the true fault in the show. Not just to say that he is too violent, or I feel Tony's character is immoral, I say at the end of the day that there is a mafia show, I do not think the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I'm afraid to watch this show because I believe that you will be hooked from the first episode, and I've also got some friends who refused to watch the show first. Trust me when you say that this show is a sacred saint compared to a TV crap, and after watching the first season, once again, you will agree with me when you say that this TV is a preference. The miracle of Sopranos, either in the future or in the future, will rise.
