What's happening at The Sopranos only attracts viewers from everywhere, but I think it's the action that brings the audience back to me (at least for me). (Even Gary, we can not argue with this case), James Gandolfin, who plays Teymur Soprano's lead role (according to this viewer), appears to be acting on a television series from Hollywood Elite. I will not continue with it and do not compare it with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not yet. However, Tony Soprano sees a hell of a job that plays a role. Since 1999, Gandolfini grew up with many actors (thanks to his role in Sopranos), and today he is considered one of the best in the business. And not just him. Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese, and the late Nancy Marchand, a huge bunch of Toni's terrible mother in the Sopranos area. In the presence of the show at this point, it is considered a classic and justified. The first two seasons were unusual. In a severe and rather terrible way, it will be quite often, but undoubtedly unusual. The third season was great, but did not survive until the season's 1st and 2nd season. Season 4 at the start of the new season was still the weakest season (or at least in my opinion). Despite a dry magic, I still find that the competition is the most entertaining, and I say it very well because I feel a trend in recent good TV shows recently. Examples of this are: Understand six footsteps, shields, charms and OZ (technically no new show, this year ended with an unforgettable final season). Although it was part of the writers to go back to my idea, looking at a better show than the whole competition in a bad year. During the "Sopranos" period, other television shows are in the top and bottom, and writers deserve a lot of credit. To close, I want to say that "Sopranos" is a nation of true agreement. If you have a chance to have a middle-aged audience (17 and up) who have drama and do not contradict a bit of violence and blasphemy, you can look at Sopranos. Trust me, it is worth the time.
