I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have my favorite video clips. What's interesting to me is that when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, the audience was rated X. Of course, it was X Xulosa. Since it's only two years since the release of the film, it's hard to imagine how the audience is back. However, when I try to take into account many issues that are included in the movie, many prostitution (the argument for a male prostitute itself); homosexuality; loneliness; physical (and some degree of emotional) use and medication, so many people can still speak up, and you can begin to understand how this film is watching. It should be noted that MIDNIGHT was rated COWBOY R in the 1970s and is still rated at R, but some of the scenes can be lowered to PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> Probably, it is known to almost everyone who has heard the movie, though I want to give a summary of the plot. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck from Texas. He decides to be as big as hustler, who accompanies wealthy women in New York City. Roy Rogers, like cowboy actors, wears a cowboy dress that will affect women. After she was rejected by all the women she met, Enrico met with a dumb brother Ratzo, who played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso believes that if Joe is a director, he can get any money. Once again Joe conned and was homeless long ago. But Joe faces Ratso and is invited to stay in a sudden apartment. Without giving more of the field, I want to say that the rest of the film tries to help each other with an attempt to fulfill their desires with Joe and Ratso. İ.E. <br /> <br /> There are refugees and internally displaced persons in the Caucasus. First of all, the player has excellent results, especially when the film is really sad, but there are some classic scenes, in fact, some of them appear on the stage that they are intended to be funny I think they are entertaining.For example, Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight have a classic scene that works on a city street and a cabin practically on them Dustin Hoffman bangs on a taxi and says, "Hey, I'm walkin here!" "I'm in this scene of New York City, where many people are in a hurry to get to the stage. Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) is a scene from Joe (John Voight) to O'Daniel for a boy. It's fun to think that, first of all, O'Daniel can accept the gigolayers and see that Joe is so excited, but then we begin to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious nut. Ratso and Joe, the cowboy outfit for Joe, attracts only homosexuals, and Joe defends himself, saying, "John Wayne says that Ratso and Joe love the scene of their apartment, and I'm adding a couple of scenes!" <br/> <br / > <br /> <span style = "color: red;"> </ div> <div style = "text-align: justify; In the last few years, though, Disneyfication has been cleaned in New York City's 42nd Street, the homelessness is still as common as it is today, 40 years ago. Also, many people will not think of a big blow to their dreams, as with John Voight's character. In the character of John Voight, I was surprised at how he was saved and that I was a great maturity at the end of the film and that Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. <br /> <br /> In the end, I want to say that I will offer to watch at least a couple of times while watching this movie. For example, after a few glances I have a series of flashback and dream sequences that are more meaningful to me. What's more, this is something I have to do in this movie, as it really does happen with people in the life of Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and Texas. Even in the end, I do not want to give it to those who do not see the film, it has explicitly ended.
