John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' draws most attention to becoming the only X rated film in the Academy history to get the Oscars for the best picture. I did not expect much from the movie to make it happen, and to be completely honest. I think this would be terrible, but I do not think it's a kind of movie I'm watching. Is it a reason why you never trust your instincts with such behavior? a perfect acting, ambitious guitarist, and memorable soundtrack ("Everyone talks to me, I do not hear a word") made this movie one of the best research on life, naivety and friendship. Young Joe Buck (later coming to John Voight), Hustler, a new wife from Texas, proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, is looking for a new life as a male prostitute. However, women are ready to pay for their services, and Joe faces extreme poverty when money launches. During this expedition, Joe comes to meet with Enrico Ratzo, Dustin Hoffman, who is a fraudulent illness who is trying to get Joo out of all his money. When they understand that they are in the same situation, Ratso offers a place to stay in Joe and works together, trying to get life-long in the cold and strange metropolis of New York. /> <br /> Joe had convinced himself that New York women would be more than just paying sex; However, his first case was to blame for his wife, Sylvia Miles, for twenty dollars. Though he thinks he is smart enough, Ratso goes on a staggering job like Joe. Ratso has always been satisfied with the painful and flawed cough, so if only he could come to Miami Heat, it would be all right. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy, Midnight Cowboy, Midnight Cowboy, Midnight Cowboy is a realistic view of life in the slums. When watching the film, we can almost feel ourselves in the twilight of Ratso's unheated living place. The movement, of course, illustrates this ultra-realism, both Voight and Hoffman's two decadent boards of contemporary society. In particular, Hoffman was here in 1967, with his role in managing to avoid writing a large number of "The Graduate" (here I am!). Both stars were later nominated for the Best Actor Oscars (also nominated for players), although both were eventually lost to John Wayne in True, and Sylvia Miles could not have been more than five minutes away. Grit. 'Midnight Cowboy' finally won three Oscars from seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Schlesinger Director and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. Midnight Cowboy, largely linearly, has many flashbacks pointing to Joe's past, but rather invites viewers to think about it, not to explicitly explain these short pieces of truth and how these conditions could have led Joe to the path he had already accomplished. A tense, beautiful, extremely beautiful scene is hopeful to us, but there is a great uncertainty. Gritty, thoughtful and intensely interesting, 'Midnight Cowboy' is centuries.
