The movie Midnight Cowboy never had, but it was classic. As you know, it starts with a familiar theme song "Everyone's Speech" (not actually written for the movie) and acquaintance with "Joe Buck" (Nude and Shower). We had seen John Voight before, but he never saw it, but he said, "Who is there for a doubt?" This is a great understanding of the character as well as the understanding of the character and the fact that Voight did nothing else. performance was still legendary, and Voight was rarely disappointed on the screen; <br /> <br /> The film was popular and paralyzed almost at night. "Anaconda" It's a bit of an end ) was a comic and sexy and known "real" crowd-pleaser (the tuxedo of the sixties and all the characters were correct), the first 'X' film to win the Oscar as the best picture.Waldo Salt from James Leo Herlihy (bright), probably homosexuality and narcotics, one of the first things to deal with 'taboo' commercial commercial Joe Buck is an innocent foreigner, a Candide who comes to New York as a hustler (a profession he considers as a gigorous and noteworthy, is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). However, it looks like Ratzo Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from The Graduate), and realizes that he really differs from the pipe in reality. -dream. <br /> <br /> In fact this is a story of a men's love story (though totally platonic), between these two impossible bedfellows. Both are absolutely submissive, both of which are the protector of one, (Hoffman, his wife, by street foolishness). These are the main reasons for dissatisfaction with their personality and the flaws of others. Straightforward 'Voight is not a homosexual encounter at Street 42, even though it is far from a child's self. (All films provide a strange 'Christian' attitude). <br /> <br /> This is a great action. While playing the Voight and Hoffman screens, Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles also have beautiful vignettes from John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes, and beautiful drawings, John Schleiner's leadership, a movie documentary, gives America an entirely independent look without darkness and criticism. Despite the second thought, perhaps it is a great movie.
