Midnight Cowboy, the main hero Joe Buck (Jon Voight), participating in the shower, opens a run down Drive in Drive with the sound-over. She sings a cowboy song, she also works for herself. Joe lives in Texas, where he lives in Texas, bringing a lot of women's dreams and more money to New York. She dresses like a cowboy's epic, but in a cartoonist way, even her friends do not take it seriously. She begins a bus trip to NYC, and we see Joe, who looks so sparingly for interactions with other passengers soon. <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> Because it proves helpful in the past there is no other reason to think otherwise; we learn it from many flashbacks. In the beginning, flashbacks are drawn in a way that describes them as somewhat strange. They are laughable and sounds like they come from the past as they come from a great distance. However, because Joe has a deeper and deeper depression than NYC's, we can see the history of the black and white, strange but flawed past, to quickly describe the brutal nature of past events. This is especially the case when he and his girlfriend are attacked and harassed. One of these flashbacks we see is a building that has broken bricks with bricks. This reflects the way Joe behaves so differently; once dropped from it. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in my curls and have difficulty cooking; Joe understands that he can not move away from his appearance, and he does not think that New York is a strange kind. Ratso serves as a mirror for Joe, but on the contrary; Ratso Joe foil. Joe is a beautiful, powerful man, and most of them look good. On the other hand, we see Ratso sitting next to Joe at the bar we saw for the first time, and we can say the opposite. It is short, dark and always covered with a sweaty glow. He understands how the world works and is merciless, and sometimes it will fail you, no matter how harsh it is to you. as his father did. They live in the same home, same house, but they understand things at a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The subject of a lie spread in this era is very clear in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit the culture that covers them. Joe was trapped in Texas and moved to NYC where she still had an edge. Ratso, NYC's cold-blooded boy, asks for a sunny day trip to Florida, and he thinks he can find a better life here. While it's ideal, it's clear that we get fantasy in terms of Ratso, she really does not really fit into society. <br /> <br /> This is the gap between Joe and Ratso. Joe is slaughtered by violence; he gets the mentality of this city to earn money to run for himself and for Florida to Ratso. On the way, we see Joe coming out of a store that does not wear cowboy clothes that has never been seen in the rest of the movie. She dresses as someone who looks like going to Florida for a vacation. He dresses Ratso in the same way; He tires the tires to fit into the new society they are entering, but it does not make any difference. After the death of Ratso on the bus, his friends look more like an outsider. Even when they enter into this new culture, they will not be able to escape from the alienation they see in this film. Despite the death of Ratso, Joe's continuous alienation ended with the hope that the film could get new knowledge of how Joe created and created a better job than a neutral hustler in the world. Midnight Cowboy, Voight and Hoffman is a beautiful film that reflects the tough reality and alienation of society.
