If you do not have the chance to live Sandra Bernhard personally, you will love him better. I saw at the opening of the "Everything is bad and beautiful" tour in Los Angeles last year and I still do not believe I'm in the first place, and I'm lucky to have such an extraordinary show. She is now in New York with the show, and it coincides with the release of a striking embarrassment to its groundbreaking, "I am yours." We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is not missing in action, not Sandra. Barbara Streisand repeats her head once, but is more than Sandra Babs' abandonment. Okay, I want to know this, Mrs. Bernhard is a little bit more and more influential. I really like this movie a certain script, of truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and the decadence of the 70s, a joy, disappointment, ups and downs, and 80s. In my opinion, many (and almost all of us) were totally stolen from this show if Sandra did not. Not names, not real names, people, you and I know who you are. Here's Bernhard playing with his own rules. Like the live performances of this movie, she shows that she is an actress who has been loyal to the old school of the show business and is able to move forward. His performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs talking about concerts like Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk, 70th television show, intimate cabaret, and concerts from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most of Sandra's coming or going to the comedy could not even be touched. So a year ago, at Sandra Silent Movie Theater, I was generally looking at fear and joy. After the show I wanted to meet with him, I gave him something to me that I hope he means something. But to my tongue to give my tongue a list of kinds to make me FEEL, listen to my copy and listen to me, to laugh, thank you. You can not deny the existence of this woman and you can not deny the talent that comes from the scene. We are still here, cursed, or even 15 years after the release, I'm nothing. And it looks very nice. When he went from the theater, he said to one of the gods: "He is FUNNY ... And still looks incredible! If you can not survive it, watch this movie, I hope Sandra will see it, there are many heckes to me, a difficult crazy day If you can send an email to me, please do it and I will continue it for me, come on, people, give it to my lady !!!!
