A doctor from Chicago, Louis Kred, moves to a big home near a small city, as he intends to teach at the University of Michigan. Her husband, Rachel, and their two children, Ellie and Gage, have Ellie's cat, the Church. Soon, they got acquainted with their new neighbor and met Judd Crandall, an old man. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel of having their home (this is a way always used by large trucks) as well as a cattle cemetery located near the family home. Judd begins to talk about the importance of pet cemetery, but Rachel refuses to talk about death and morality with her children because of her injuries associated with her sister Zelda's death. Luis is already dead to deal with his family at a new home: Victor Paskoy, a deadly injured student in a car crash, sends his immortal words to Louise, even though he is out of two. After the death of Pascal, Louis thought he was a very ghostly acquaintance of Paskoy, who led him to the pet cemetery and warned, "Do not go beyond what you need." When Louis was waking up in his bed in the morning, Louis was convinced that he was only a dream until his feet and trousers were covered with dirt and pine needles. In any case, she denied the dream. A very strange thing happens, and the Church of the Ellice dies while on the road. Just how dreadful it is to talk about Ellie and the Church's death, but Judd sincerely welcomes him to John's pet cemetery in Lice, allegedly burying the church. Instead of stopping there, however, Jud goes on a terrible journey to the "real cemetery": once Micmac (an ancient graveyard used by "... Indians ..."). Plaque puts the cats on Cudi's instruction, saying that Judy was buried with animals. This is a real horror story ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this movie very well. Not the worst thing of all, but one of the best scary movies. Gage's death is that you do not have to be in your memory, especially when you have a child. <br /> <br /> Certainly, there are some script errors: How can a dentist with two small children live together? Is there a dangerous highway near your home? Gage is not scratched or something after hitting a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect every single member of the family who knows that he will remain as all monsters? <br /> <br /> It is important to talk about a good thing I see in this movie. <br /> <br /> This is a good thing I've seen in this movie. no matter what happens to your children, death, religion, or atheist, and avoiding important matters does not help. Lui was afraid to be honest with Ellie, and she had all the nightmares, telling her that she had met her and said that her cat would never repeat.
