Tarzan and his wife (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I saw when I was a kid. It sounded awesome. Now I saw it. I have seen my monkey man (1932) a hundred times and have kept a copy of the drive. This is a beautiful movie. It is almost perfect. Tarzan and his wife (1934) are conquering. It's not a harmonic and there are parts that live there. Parts themselves are often very good and the sequence of action is very large. Great budget is expensive. Tarzan plays a joint role. Jane is dominant. She has grown and became a brave girl, because she is prone to forget about criticism and instead sing praises. Yes. He put a kiss out and duped it by a naked who later killed an elephant. Tarzan insists on carrying his father's bracelet. Forever. The thing would be to split up the moment when it went in the forest. Stupid? Then someone found him in the river. Yes, according to the evidence Tarzan is dead. Some cheap drama. Deceased Tarzan is convinced that crocks, who is clearly interested, go to Jane. He accepts and wants to be taken (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how difficult it is to trick Tarzan into how difficult it is to kill her. Caravan departs and goes to Jane. Again, a pothole. He can easily convey the caravan for several hours or more, collect a few things and spit in the woods and his dead wife. It can be smart. He dropped the floating bracelets to where they found them, inspecting the banks' tracks. He can shooting in 15 seconds and can go to Liana. Taking traces should not be too difficult for Jungle Jane. He can speak with monkeys and so on. He would have been angry if he had taken England home without doing so. Jane brings it down to a clever but inexpensive drama. And why does the aggressor on the ground say "I blame myself like you?" Maybe the penalty for earning money? Nonsense. Struggle will tell a tough slap and Tarzan. Still. Even though the deserts are a lot and sometimes deep, this movie is too bad. Just rest assured and enjoy. Tanzan and Jane for God.
