The DVD has a whole series of Weissmuller Tarzan (fully restored editions) and I have never watched them. My sweetheart was "Maaren O'Sullivan's suit" and completely (almost entirely) "Tarzan and his wife" and occasionally burns the genital area below this skin wing hanging from the front. Before anyone can argue - It really did not exist or B - This is not something that is really invisible, and I say that I often follow it in high zoom mode and trust me ... it's completely naked underneath this suit. .. There are no mistakes about it, except for a small patch of red hair to shave it several times, especially in a lion attack, with a slow grip and with a maximum grace. As for the area of ​​swimming, when it comes to a double body in a "suit" suit, yes it is a double, but not a "skin" suit or anything else ... those who want to see it slowly move and maximize zoom. Now, let's move these talks in a real movie ... I thought the script was really well-thought-out and intense ... The activity segments were simply great, although Weissmuller is actually a big man with a lion ... The second, The use of plan shots is hard to say with the studio and sometimes with the United States. You do not know, 90% of ALL movies are lying, just relax and enjoy the tasty things with a big crunch, some cold beer and a fresh smell ... sexually and if you want, your beloved / your wife will not go out of line ... lol. Oh ... The last word about nudity ... when white hunts talk about dialogue, keep your eyes in the background in the background ... behind a few giant African girls (obviously grounded). What's more, the film was not racist until the 1960s 1930s ... this is what color human is thinking and describing. The shaft was not even thought of at that time, nor did the audience have another description of history. Safaris actually used a local luggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character resulted in the heroic death of white huntsman and Jane. In fact, Gene Autry was not as colorful people in the West as the real man who was being treated for native Americans and began to see that Hollywood did.
