"Tarzan and his spouse", the second of the MGM Tarzan's paintings, are selected one year after the Tarzan Ape Man events. Tarzan and Jane lived happily in the jungle, and for the first time in search of the elephant bone from the French cemetery, Harry Holt (one of the first expedition films), accompanied by less honorable Martin Arlington, returned. Of course, various dangerous and exciting exhibitions occur along the way. <br /> <br /> The first film has romanticized everything - forest, adventure, romance itself, wild animals, and even death. The second film still has romanticism and a very good segment of action, but it is the basis of a more serious tonal movement. The heroes have the courage to ask questions as follows: What happened to Tarzan? If the jungle was closed in the middle of the forest and why he had to pay for himself? These are probably questions that real people would ask in this situation, but create a certain complexity, which is not always so fun as careful attitude toward the attitude of the original. <br /> <br /> One of the most unpleasant aspects of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's relationships. Tarzan still speaks very bad English, but he learned a few new words with his wife. In addition, their love for each other really flourished and we really feel like they spent one year together in the woods. Tarzan and his wife are the real "Tarzan" Ape Man. "Personally, I liked the first movie a little bit better, the main reason for the relationship between Harry Holt and Martin Arlington, Holt's James It's about being liquidated as an original affair with Parker (Jane's father), but Arlington's character may have been a great motion picture, but most of the film is a hero, and the movie never decides whether we love or hate it. Also, I do not want to give anything, but in one of the scenes we have to hate obviously, Jane never tells about these events, as the end is not as pleasant.) <br /> <br /> The first film "Tarzan and his lady" have amazing action scenes, beautiful live shows and one of the screenshots - always the greatest romances. In case of trace, this is definitely the last to see.
