The mistake made by this spectacularly-directed fantasy MGM is well-known by the Tarzan series. For many reasons, it is a first-rate adventure, I suggest beautiful photography, strong imagination, delicious casting, well-groomed jungles and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller, unlike the creation of Edzar Rice Burroughs, plays a monotonous Tarzan; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, and he must have been during this story. Jane Parker, as his wife Jane Porter in her novel, Maureen O'Sullivan is very charming and lively, and is also an athlete because he has the script quality. The effect of brightness, broad and intelligent sets is quite unusual. This is an open-air adventure that actually works in the MGMs. Spectacular Mutir Escarpment is a remote place that allows Tarzan and Jane to live in a desperate way; As for their ids, Jane, who was looking for oneself, emissaries of a culture, dropped out and came to a place where Tarza could not really live comfortably. One is Harry Holt, who has been accused of returning to civilization with his friend, who is still in love; clothes and fragrances are interested in him, but he refuses Tarzan. Tarzan can protect him against a few wild animals in scenes that appear to be like a King King expelled from humanity. The group wants to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees to have a great game for Jane; But at some point, the elephant bone and the idea of ​​buying a wealth turn the minds of the leaders of the expedition. Tarzan was killed, he died; and the band's paradise will accompany an expedition, as they have an elephant in the "elephant cemetery". However, they find the area protected by the wild gang and are attacked by the lions. Tarzan goes to the elephant, who timely emulates to call; on the stage of the most spectacular amulets, keeping Jane and the small, but very wise returning expedition at home, because Jane continues her bad legacy with her new husband. The film was designed by Sedric Gibbons and directed very well. His work and illumination, despite the failure of this entertaining and exciting film, despite all the Hollywood flaws, seeks to be real. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is better before and after himself to be thoroughly ill. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry are very professional in removing a small boat. An unusual and well-run fantasy film, along with interesting situations and some powerful dialogue confrontations. Recommended.
