In 1932, TARZAN APE MAN released a sensation. 70 il sonra iman etmək çətin ola bilər, amma film və kinonun filmlərin və radioların əsas əyləncə qaynaqları olduğu dövrdə MATRIX və ya RINGS'in RƏHBƏRİ kimi əldə etdiyi filmin bir çox təsirləri var idi. Tarzan became a "popular unit" instant pop symbol that dreamed about every woman and wanted everyone to be. The only person who was dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs. He was persuaded by the "beat" version of his character ("grow up") when he was satisfied with the MGM's creative freedom and began his production of the "Tarzan" soon. Cedric Gibbons, the legendary Artistic Director of the MGM, has never had a studio experience before the studio although TARZAN did not anticipate the release of The APE MAN and an inexperienced director did not think it would be a significant thing in the novelty movie ... and wanted to keep the Oscar-awards department leader happy.) Gibbons, a talented and creative visual the artist loved Pre-Code Hollywood freedom, and TARZAN and HIS MATE's 'envelopes' Tarzan and Jane enjoyed swimming and Jane looks like TOPLESS through the majority of the film. Maureen O'Sullivan interviewed a few days before his death in 1998, when he was used for double swimming, studied the studio and "filmed a few days in a draw" ... a headache that tried to plunge plants and fruits into blocking his badges and He had a naked silhouette in his tent, scratched his chest with his breast and made a "reverse" jungle suit, which was a result of his "swim" and extremely provocative, very thin and revised. .. and as a result of the vote, Hays Office "create" self-censorship <br /> <br /> MGM production has Gibbonsu Yank ( "official" because the burden of his work as Art Director) and veteran Jack Conway's new director was categorized as. critics ... John C. McKay really directs the film, though Conway has been involved in 3 other projects at VIVA VILLA VIDEO! <br /> film, best original elements (safari, killing the tribes, Tarzan jungle paradise to die in order to kill the animals in order to save) combined to write the story, and in fact improved. The first film, Harry Holt, "Elephants" Janeyi cemetery and returned to England to return to Africa for ivory, silk dresses, underwear and fragrance gifts tends to be deceived. In addition to this, Holt has a deficiency and neatness by Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), who respects Jane's pursuit and puts a potential "conquest" on any vehicle (including the Tarzan killing). Tarzan Is struggling to intervene in a happy life with Jane and dropping his foot on the hunters refusing to enter the cemetery. Arlington finds the opportunity, only takes the Ape Man and shoots him, then returns to the camp with a fatal story in his death. Now, Jane, there is no reason to remain in the woods, and he returned to England a long time ago, before turning to passengers, oh-simpathetic Arlington cemetery leads them before they can be comforted by the grant. <br/> <br /> <br /> Bəzi filmlərdən birinə görə, bir neçə gün əvvəl, 30-cu illərin irqçi stereotipləri aydın görünür və goriller açıq-aydın meymunlardakı aktyorlardır, TARZAN və HIS MATE başqa hər hansı bir 'Tarzan' filmində a level that does not succeed, as well as Bo Derek's obviously erotic TARZAN APE MAN could not touch. <br /> <br /> Author: Johnny Weissmuller, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan is not so beautiful and 'Africa' has never been more romantic and dangerous. TARZAN and HIS MATE were a win (although seriously edited for many years) and so far is the classic of the series!
