This film is a film by James Gaein, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. As it turned out, the director and producer did not have to pay for this story - maybe because those who were fighting the Italians in World War II were forgotten to consider their royalties! Nevertheless, the film is not really an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. <br /> <br /> In this movie, three central characters are really ugly people. In fact, male and female dancers are a little icky-looking. Men's fungus is an obvious, attractive thing, except for a very ordinary body hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and its lady's love. Hollywood version, Lana Turner and John Garfield, are a very distant voice. And the bad selfless husband loves to go really obese and shirtless - and the American film Cecil Kellaway is looking for better than his colleague, though (although the other two Italian potentials look really good). And since I can not imagine a beautiful coiffed "dining" with Kellaway just now - I'm 100% sure that it was with them because I just did not like Lola Turner because this ugliness is generally Italian film dominance! <br /> <br /> A portion of the Italian movie's credibility comes from a sexually-friendly corner. <P style = "text-align: justify; The Sanitized American movie tries to believe that although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they actually do not have sex! This is pretty silly and totally unreal. <Br /> < It's quite coincidental to show the seamy side of the film, along with the casual sex of the movie - very cool people, the movie is pretty fast paced than the long American movie. Everything is not good, but the style and style of the American film is not so much - grainier images, relatively weak orchestras and sets - undoubtedly not a good movie, but the style of Neo-Realistic looks more realistic, but can not be prepared for shortened pieces in this area. Later, most of the plot elements in the American version are either absolutely missing or shining then it looks less interesting than the American movie - and when Turner and Garfield turn to each other as mice (the best part of the American movie), they run away from the dilemma of all nature. <br /> What is a better movie? Yes, it depends on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers movie was merely very polished and very unreal (although many did not want to watch movies with this style and subtitles), but it ended up great. And the Italian movie was much more realistic - it seemed to run far enough that until the end of the malignant. So what's the movie is good, but it's a bit better for Italy. It's very bad that they can not combine the best elements of both films into an exclusive movie.
