When people hear the drama of the 1940s, they create mockery, claiming that they are just another tearjerker, a star with great stars at the beginning of their magnificent, melancholic roles. However, this idea was directed by Neorealist films, especially by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSION has once been a censorship and once loved by some people as being a truly masterpiece, it is still strongly criticized by others. The controversial ideas of the film that has emerged over the course of the 65 years appear to be controversial with the film itself, from extremely modern times and from the past. At the same time, based on the novel POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, the director is one of the most original screen enhancements that she has her own style, appearance, and art. <br /> <br /> Firstly, Visconti's film is a reference to all psychology and actions that people can do. In life, especially those who are willing to do so. These people, despite the terrible consequences they face, make tragic decisions. In the intersection of a motorway near Ferrara, Gino (Massimo Girotti) is a traveler who "separates shoes" and enters the tavern. Although many people go there to eat, Gino takes more to get there - much more: a beautiful woman named Giovanna (Clara Calamai) married an elderly man who oversaw the bar, Mr Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa) . Since his body and his song are completely and from the moment of his first love, couples are planning to eradicate the old barrier and build a new life together ... But are people connected with wrongdoing in the face of desire? Can We Have a Love for Murder? What Is Love, and What Is Loyalty? Does being willing to lead to dangerous dependence or even instability? Such questions arise intensely while watching the film, and the viewer is given an idea of ​​the characters. "We should love one another in a compassionate manner," Giovanna cures the whole crying conscience, but can the desire that is desirable justify everything and treat it? "Did not we both want it?" One of the couples says that does not happen. That's why the content of the film is very dangerous when it is not analyzed intellectually and with heart. Secondly, KEZMIS has a very powerful point of view with contemporary audiences: fine cinema art that combines brilliant moments and unforgettable consistency and visual power. These are transformed into a modern audience that is about 70 years old and is completely fun to watch. They range from tasteful erotic imagery to completely technical shots. Gino'nun a beautiful girl, Ragazza Perfetta (a perfect girl), a dancer with Anita and her ice cream, Ferrara can take the moment. His desires give him a completely different direction ... Do the audience remain indifferent at Gino Giovanna's first meeting? Giovanna's legs, which is at the center of attention of the camera, represent the moral desires of Gino's lover. Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can boast of high-end performance from both leading couples and leading couples. Gino and Giovanna are coming closer to the research room and their shadows, supporting them. Massimo Girotti once said that this is one of the hardest things I've been working on. Therefore, as a result, what comes out is a perfect action. He describes a bisexual person who wants to commit a crime, but not one of the objects that reminds him of the victim's conscience. His bisexuality is characterized by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), which faces the most strange situation on the train for Ancona. Clara Calamai, an Anna Magnani's invaluable role, is very well suited to the roles and can claim that we are the true chemistry among couples. Both are very convincing. Besides, I liked Juan De Langa with Braga's role: he describes an elderly family who did not fraternize with his wife and still have not yet been fraudulent about high art. <br /> <br /> In one of his most precious moments, he walks in empty streets, where he or she sings back his wife or performs his favorite opera after karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> In general, we have a critical look, and it should look very objectively. I'm convinced of the aspect of these aspects, and this is a powerful story through his argument; yet educated? Visconti is not Fellini who says he has no message for humanity. In this case, his films will only be fun (of course, not Fellini's style). Visconti was always something to convey. What did you mean here? Is film against the bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of the people involved? The last shocking moments are for themselves. Although you do not need to agree with the vision, OSSESSION is a really nice real movie, Visconti is the best 8/10
