The first feature of Visconti is the adaptation of Ossessione James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now, I'm not familiar with books or other movie versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Suspension (more than Billy Wilder's movie version is actually a fanatic). The two novels should be very similar to what you see. Both contain an illicit love affair that a mixed spouse alleges that a man with a weak character is worthless and that he belongs to him. Giovanna, this Italian version of the female, played by Clara Calamai very well, is not like the spouse in Doubt, but it looks terrible. His wife (Juan de Landa's great performance) is a bit tyrant for him, but he's hitting me at least as he does not agree with him. She is older and not attractive, so she is very strange. Gino takes about five minutes to sleep when a young, muscular person appears. She wants her to be with her forever, but her husband is tired. They are first demolished, but they plan to kill her when they encounter again (though apparently indefinitely). They are successful and they run to the woman's home to return to manage her bar. Gino is very important for this idea. He wants Giovannani, but he certainly does not want to sit together for the rest of his life. Their relationships are cut short. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It is always interesting, but it takes a little longer. In two hours and twenty-two minutes, I realized that it took so long for my life! This is partly due to neuroistically stylistic reasons that Visconti invented in this movie. It was the first film that the label had won. Without hurrying to the next part of life, we see that many movements are prolonged, as in real life. I have seen many of Visconti films and is again Rocco and her brothers (1960). Its direction is as great as ever, the camera moves brightly, and the adjustment is perfect. I need to show the best performance of the movie, like Anita, a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute, who was introduced to Gino after trying to get away from Giovanna by Dia Christian. Maybe in a five-and-a-half-minute film, there are only a few lines. It is shocking how much Visconti and Christian can do with this character as soon as possible. He is absolutely courteous. 9/10.
