Ossessione is a particularly powerful experience for those interested in film-watching today - more than 6 years, and especially how Italian filmmakers have changed their films (about Ossessione and De Sica's "I Bambini Ci Guardano" and 1943 year after 20 years with Fellini, Antonioni, and Pasolini). <br /> <br /> <strong> Visconti is an incredible router, taking the column "Unscheddated" in the "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as an instructor to develop his topic. <br /> It was Ossessione. During the Second World War, Fascist Italy (Thinking about it) was filming, describing scenes and movies that immediately banned from the theater - and the use of a popular American novel did not help pay for any copyright. Ossessione is concerned about poverty in Italy during the war (not idealistic Italy, reflected in Fascist "Bianchi" films); but genuinely courageous to meet with a shirtless hunter Gino (Massimo Girotti, Brando Kowalski at the "Tram Drop"), Giovanna (Clara Calamai), sleeping in the first 5 minutes after a married woman. Calamai's unglamorous, material-actual dressing and Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - very attractive actor, explains her face, but delicate but insecure homosexual tricks, because of Pierre Clémenti, shot by Nazis in 1925, In a few words: sex, lust, longing, and poverty are rarely as persistently as in Italian cinema as it has been mentioned before. <br /> <br /> The Ossessione newspaper was destroyed from the day it was opened - scandalous and it was not immoral.Vissconti succeeded in keeping a war, and when the film was re-released after the war, critics called it Rosellini's "Rome Citta Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià" Neo-Realist Movement Leader, and sometimes other critics, especially Marcel Carne's "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève", the "poetic realism" of French cinema ("Visc" Ossessione "and Julien Duvivier's" Pépé le Moco. "<br /> <br /> Ossessione can be Neo-Realistic in the visual language (popular exhibitions, poverty, child labor, prostitution) bums, scams and so on. The description of the paese's life during the war with characters and themes were already Viscontian. In the social / political / sexual discrimination, the disastrous, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters in the collapse of the elites, the realist, "daily life" is more supported by DeSica and Rossellini than characters and subjects. In Ossessione, we find elements of drama and tragedy in many films, particularly in the film "Senso" (definite separation from Visconti's Neo-Realist Aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Most "Neo "Ossessione", a film titled "La Terra Trema" rises up to the mythological figures from the icons, regardless of scenery, background or time changing, First of all, it illuminates, analyzes, and develops some of the themes and concerns - the Visconti can play with the framework, but the subject and the art are good, repetitiously repetitious. "Ossessione" should not be missed: resolute, strong you will definitely be amazed by the movie.
