Fate / Stay Night is an animated series inspired by a h-game. In any way, manufacturers have turned around to make a successful series without doing anything. This could not have been another way because the development of characters is as great as it is shown in this series, and any change in it can only destroy perfection. (You see all the episodes once). Despite relatively slow start (the manufacturer has taken the time to submit characters), things quickly and quickly gain momentum after the middle series, and the action is tightening to your place. <br /> <br /> The theme of the series is dedicated to the War of the Holy War in the city of Fukuky over the last 50 years. The pilot actually begins with the result of the previous war and develops there. Chiron is the only victim of the fire that started in the final battle and covered most of the city. He witnessed a war between two wise men who triggered the Reiju (Holy Bible) to summon one of the most powerful men in battle. Saber. In the first contact with Saber, he was surprised at him, "This little beauty ... lost for words." <br /> <br /> You should not compare this series with anyone to fully understand this sequence. The FSN offers some cool sword battles, good animation, spectacular lights, a great soundtrack, offering excellent character and relationships development. Changes occurring within characters as symbols collapse. The event reveals the incredible dynamic senses and behavior patterns of individuals who constantly shape their personalities to extract personality from the mask of masculinity, under the flawed characters (<br /> <br />). Saber's character is linked to a medieval legend, which has been altered in line with this series and must be accepted as such. You should not think that the FSN presents it to the audience with historical facts, but I remembered it as a documentary rather than an adventure / fantasy series. If the latter was sudden and unexpected and had twice more episodes, I would watch them in the same breath.
