I watched CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest alone on Saturday night in my apartment, and for the benefit of the Americans I read, TESC will announce its annual performance of European musicians every year, and there is a song contest in Asia Minor. At the end of the competition countries voted for the best song. Not from Lennon's and McCartney's caliber, they say that it's a less exciting competition than song and singing and writing poetry. <br /> <br /> The word "choice" is wrong, because I'm going to be a music lover, because I will not be able to watch TESC in any condition. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN's X loans were waiting for the murderer's murderer killer, but he would be misleading anyone he called. CITIZEN X whodunnit is clear during the first 10 minutes. This serial killer can only be found in collapsed imperialist capitalist systems, which points to the film's failure in communism, "Serial killer comrades!" This farcical attitude goes away, leaving behind a freezing train station, because it's just a warm coat! And, of course, all suspects, members of the Communist Party, are freed without any interrogation that will have an impact on recent deaths. All of this was shown in a very good way, in the judicial process, the communist party system, but about three-thirds of the road through CITIZEN X in 1990, we were on the last leg of communism and the police investigated. . In this regard, the film is quite unmatched because of the fact that the film is not a political subtext and the film is shot down in the middle manhunt. CITIZEN X is a good mind-strain, especially as Donald Sutherland's father is a police chief. <br /> <br /> A few years ago, I wrote something strangely, said criminologist Colin Wilson, saying that serial killers have said something in the center of attention, and that I myself denied that one of the party's chief commanders could be a consistent killer. I saw it. Soviet Union. After all media are controlled by mass media and everyone who has listened to Radio Moscow or reads Pravda's English translation, the USSR only consumes potatoes, coal production, and Afghanistan, Cuba and so on. Soviet aid. The notion of being a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But a tree falls in a remote Siberian forest, but it will still be heard, even though no one has heard it.
