I recall that after the trial of Andre Chicatillo in newspapers while living in the South African Republic. There were photographs sitting in his café during the trial. It was not for the protection of the members of the court, but for the protection of the public. It was, though sick, singing. Later, I heard a movie about a lawsuit filed by the HBO, but I was prepared for the American TV. Bummed! It is strange that CITIZEN X has limited kinematics in South Africa. I gave it to the local Ster Kinekor complex and bought a ticket (I left alone, then my girlfriend just loved STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Amazing! Wow! What a brilliant movie. Why was not it extended to a larger audience? If it had not been for television, it would have been an Oscar nomination or 2. There was no way to spoil the end; that the killer was never in the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn describes a really terrible psychologist. Calmness is undeniable, disadvantageous to his wife, and exposed to constant pressure and humiliation by the workers. By committing these terrible events, he feels strong and strong. <br /> <br /> He is a pathologist in one of his most powerful performances by Stephen Rea to fight against everything. He refused the leadership of the Russian bureaucracy to fight against snails, his primary sources in his possession, and also to recognize that the USSR was even a serial killer. Authorized General Joss Ackland says the serial killers are "defective, Western phenomena." Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help should be under the counter. Magnificent Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who decides to break the protocols and decide to help. For the first time in Russian history, it is used to create a profile of the murderer of the series, and if it is publicly available, there is everything to lose. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X's gorgeous motion, good writing and music and editing only add tension and theme to the movie. Imelda Staunton, who has never been used foolishly, and the excellent support of the anticipated resurrection make CITIZEN X a worthy movie. It was very good for television
