What is the best picture outfit? The Oscars have made a great deal of effort to reward the bad eye-glasses and to ignore "auteurs" that will be classed for decades to come. Hollywood is not about art or creativity. Academy Awards were selected by the industry itself, and for this reason, at least in the classic era of cooperation, creative minds tend to reward the most painful meetings. <br /> <br /> In this respect, the released unit at the Artur MGM has won the Oscars for several years; It's a preview of Freed, supported by the strongest filmmaker Vincente Minnelli and business music's best music stars, and will take the best picture. Freed, 30-cu illərin musiqilərinin dinamik görünüşünü itirmədən hekayə və mahnıları bir-birinə bağlayan şəkilləri hazırlayan, hər kəsdən daha çox musiqinin vəziyyətini yüksəltmək üçün daha çox işlər görmüşdü. Unlike the Freed musics, the lyrics, songs lyrics, Hammerstein or Lerner, are not related to stories or even stories. The important thing is that the song's tone and the movie it offers fit the film's structure. <br /> <br /> Parisdə bir Amerikalı üç Freelance musiqisi (ikincisi Singin 'in Yağış və Band Vagonu) mövcud klassik nömrələri öz orijinal kontekstindən çıxardı və onları tamamilə əlaqəsiz bir hekayə ilə işlədilər. Words do not fit into the plot, but routines fit the show. Beləliklə, Gene Kelly "Mən Ritm var" deyə oxuduğu zaman hələ bir qız almadı, amma fransız uşaqları ilə bir araya gəlmə üsulu xarakterizə edilən böyük bir xarakterdir və yaxşı möhtəşəm və rəqs filmi kiçik liftə verir bu nöqtədə lazımdır. <br /> <br /> Parisdəki bir Amerikalı da Leslie Caron'un xarakterinin təsviri ilə müşayiət olunan rəqslər seriyası kimi hekayəni izah etmək üçün xülya az qeyri-ənənəvi uçuşlar əlavə etmək üçün janrda icazə verilən qayda pozuntularını da istifadə edir. <br /> <br /> Minnelli, what is the better director of this project, an artist and pianist? At that time, everyone who had a better feeling for Technicolor was not really there. Some of the directors of each scene filled with shades of one color will be filled or throbbing screen, Minnellinin color schemes are managed intensively, but never seem forced. The sounds in the opening scenes are silenced enough, but not to others, especially to the red. Oscar Levant and Georges Gueten's café are featured in a few more live shows. Then, in the first musical number, "Minna by Strauss" gradually brings red bounces? a table cover, a flower bouquet? Until the song finally succeeded, the song just astonished the color scheme. For most songs, colors are choreographed as complex as humans. <br /> <br /> According to Achilles, some numbers, like Tra-la-la, keep the shades alive and instead of the song being inflated, the American heel in Paris is his story. I personally find the romantic angle especially unusual, because it's the last hurdle for the miraculous love stories that dominated the 1930s; a stupid, independent woman is rejected while harassing her to love the strange, delicate girl hero. Even if you do not mind, it is difficult to really connect with the story because it is always protected by songs and dances. Compare it to Singin's Rain, but in Paris there is no great title or memorable set of American, but a winning story. In the rain, Singin is regarded as classic in today's genre, despite the Oscars in 1952. But people sometimes forget that cinemas are not the means to tell a story, but all forms of visual entertainment. An American in Paris is not deep or charming or tearful, but like a certain DeMille photo, which won the top award next year, this is certainly a great show.
