Parsifal (1982), Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. This straightforward German film school, tonal symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, was written in 1982 for Wagner's last masterpiece - Parsifal, Good Friday / Easter and Bayreuth Opera House. The film follows musical points and accurate images, but the filming and sounding technique is thick and avant-garde and does not take the other Parsifal strange kinematography crown. Sibberberg is known for controversial films. Prior to this film, Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal antisemitism films and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of her great daughters. This film is very disturbing. Parsifal (read by Reiner Goldberg, but called by Michael Kutter) was a man during the first part of the film and later became a woman after the karm of Kundry. This gender-bending element reveals the female / male / ying-yang nature of the quest for the Holy King who serves all humanity and rescues through the blood of Christ. The pagan magician has the photos of famous figures in Klingsor Castle, Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's metaforist Matilde Wesendock. The swatzka flag hangs outside the castle. Parsifal goes through the 19th and 20th Century film. Chic Flower Girls are naked. Kundry is illustrated in several beautiful, but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but played by the mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Finally, this film is for the intellectuals who appreciate those strange German / European symbolic metaphysics fans and symbolism, history and fans of the Wagner opera. Indeed, the song is great and compelling. Reiner Goldbergin Parsifal is a very noteworthy and intense voice, but there are no big fans of the stage, and no nationwide glory - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Collo, and today's Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a luxurious, dramatic and exciting Kundry that looks perfectly in the agony. Production can be of course unusual and un-Wagnerian (Wagner's concept of Grails, spears, castles, enthusiasts and wounded kings, a dark magician, turns dark into light, and typical Wagnerian themes). still fun, craft movie.
