Before I could see it, I did not know anything about Chocolat. I did not know anything about the story, the castle, the director, or the history of the movie. All I know was a very popular French movie. If I had met more, it would probably not have been a clear idea. I do not care about the landscape in the paper. If I knew what Chocolat was doing in the past, my interests would be limited. But I was delighted to know about the story. There was no clue as to where the story would go, what the characters would do, and what the outcome would be. Without something else, there was not a predicted movie. Indeed, this story could have been like flashbacks. Talking to a story in a filmbord is often a risky act by filmmakers. As the lead character is seen today, the audience knows that he will survive. Using the Flashback technique, director Claire Denis is able to provide a young girl with a great physical endurance to the audience. This gives the viewer more story than Chocolat, more emotions than those outside. A small film director would give France a frustrating look that was a puzzling and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl and looks beautiful. <br /> <br /> France's mother, Chocolat, believes that France is associated with more screenshots than it has been for a while. For me, Chocolat is really about how a mother's activity affects her daughter. The behavior of these parents depends on their offspring. France was not destroyed by her mother's case, but her mother's actions made France impressive. If it were not affected by the actions of the mother of France, it would have nothing to do with flashback. <br /> <br /> Chocolat was very well paced for a movie that was shot twice, in the past and in the present, and there was no possibility of too much oil. None of the scenes were alienated or left. The film was a good rhythm, editing, and left only what was needed to explain the story. With a good story, solid-editing and organizing director, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've ever seen. Claire was responsible for starting Denis's career and for good reason: an incredible director debut.
