Claire Denis' Chocolat, founded in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, is a beautifully illustrated and emotional resonating poem describing the effects of the immortal colonialism of a young family in recent years. The subject resembles the last place in Africa, although films can be restricted and emphasized. The film explains the perspective of an authority returning to a childhood home in a foreign country. French immigrant Dalens (Mireille Perrier), Frenchman Cameroon, recalls his childhood when his father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in the French Cameroon and had a good friendship with his childhood adviser, Protée (Isaac de Bankolé). In the heart of the film has turned around the love / hatred of France with the mother of Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and Protée. <br /> <br /> The government is divided into public and private spheres. Everyone has the same privacy and limitations as the white family's rooms, except Protée who works at home, have to eat and drink in the open air, and have the naked bronze bodies in the eyes of a white family. His wife, Marc (François Cluzet), understands that Aimée and Protée are separated from each other when they are sexually attracted, but the rules of society hinder their explicit recognition. In a conversation sequence, she invites her to the bedroom to help her dress her and looks at each other in the mirror with longing for her eyes, knowing that she has any interaction. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also makes a connection with the servant who feeds his plastics, while showing how to show the naked ants for eating and walking on the shoulders at night under the sky. When France orders Protée to stop talking with a teacher and immediately take her home, the real character of the master-servant relationships is clear, and Protée is waiting for her next command. When an airplane is forced to bury the nearby mountains while losing the propeller, the crew and passengers must move as far as possible to accommodate a replacement. Each visitor shows the sadness for the Africans, one of the rich coffee makers, brings the culinary delicacies to the black lady hiding in her room. On the other hand, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, eats the racist balance when using an outer shower, eats with servants, and criticizes Aimée for his involvement in Protée, leading to a recent emotional collision with the accompaniment. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is loose autobiographical, adapted from the director's childhood memories, and progresses slowly and as mysteriously as the isolation of the soil he is lying on. Denis links the characters of colonialism without propagation or romanticism. No victims or oppressors, no good children. Protée is a servant, but she is a guardian like Aimée and her daughter are standing in the bed where she lies to protect the child from sleeplessness. Protée is a sad fact, not as a man, but as a man, but Bankolé delivers that character with the blessing and similarity that reduces pain. With regard to its pace, Western audiences need to work hard to fully appreciate the film, and Denis Roger Ebertin's "coach feeling." The truth of Chocolat is in gestures and glances touching the silent longing of our hearts.
