Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy turns natural materials into sensitive artwork, collects rocks in egg-shaped cairns, fills tea roses and teas with rivers and streams and waves in complex web patterns. Several of the original works and other creations are closed in a corner of the Southampton art gallery (although I've been interested in these numbers), but I have just seen luckily enough for Goldsworthy's work. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by Fred Frith's fine instrumental soundtrack, introduces Goldworthy and his art to the artist's life. The opening scene transforms it into a piece of snakes that is built on a tree cabbage. Goldsworthy, working with teeth and bare hands, is a beautiful, short-term work. Previously this delicate statue lends itself to nothing in the bright Nova Scotian sunlight. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the focus of Goldsworthy's work is in the spotlight. <br /> <br /> Reidelsheimer shows success and failure by keeping the frustration of fragmented fragments and the glory of shimmers, even after a few hours, minutes or seconds. Goldsworthy speaks slowly about subjects in his works, but provides thoughtful ways to talk. While trying to work with nature, trying to work with it and working with natural materials seems to work against it, it clarifies its need to further strengthen its understanding. Sometimes it's down-to-earth and humorous; At other times, he struggles to express himself. Something that is understandable when witnessing his amazing job. When we look at the shape of natural materials through the hands of an artist, the title "Rivers and Tides" is becoming more and more appropriate. The creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's creativity is actually an astonishing art. Goldsworthy works with a wide range of fluid materials and covers North America and Europe, though others are tedious; when I spent a long time at an art gallery and struggled to get something new, it gave me the same sense of fatigue. Shortly after we met Andy's family and hometown, it violated the long-term consistency of his works. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer, Goldsworthy and his creative creations, makes the Canadian rivers a wider range of things to the rainy Scotland tribes. In a fictitious way, the film ends with the Goldsworthy sky and the abdomen. The outbreak patterns emerge from particles such as dust when exposed to the air; this is the purest expression of beauty that will be found in the work of this beautiful artist.
