There are two different ways to enjoy this strange, seminal television show ("ladies" X-Files and Buffy, etc.); like a monster show (when I was a child I was afraid) or well-written / moving silver / film-noir. Works on both levels. It could have been flooded for years (it was in the mid 70s), but I had a good impression that I missed the show (via DVD). The late Darren McGavin IS is an eccentric, robust, sophisticated sneaker / monster-hunter, Karl Kolchak, who always has a superficial care behind a story; many Kolchak's painful pain, played by boss Tony Vincenzo (too late, greatly tired by Simon Oakland, you can experience the pain of his sudden ulcers practically!). The interaction between these characters is ugly and virtuous (much more than STAR TREK's, like Spock and McCoy!). During the two pilot television series and one season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspirators, aliens, and ancient legends (all 9 years of X-Files! Kolchak did it first! Composer Gil Melle's cool, partially shaded main theme music ... Chris Carter, creator of X-Files, Mike Snow (very similar) X-Files names the theme as "respect". Both topics work well; Leave him alone. Unlike many modern horror / science shows, many of KOLCHAK's monsters are shown in shadow and fast cuts (effective and sometimes grateful, some are not being monitored, and some are still DO). Modern Horror Shows: Less IS! One of the few defects in the show (and a small one) is sunny, many of California's cities pass through the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same issue; a modest budget, L.A. based on the show is inevitable. And some of the supporting characters appear now as sloppy (enemy educator, Ron Updike, a sweet, elderly lady / consultant columnist Emily, who is always a funny relief). But all of these have their own moments of glimmering (do not be aware of many supporting TV characters, clichés or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as many templates to follow. And Carl Armchak is one of the richest characters written for a horror genre TV show (agent Mulder's REAL dad). And as a footnote, try to watch a few new episodes of the show "re-imagine". X-Files clone (copy of copy?). And worse, so. Carl Armchurch is now a model, a sweet 30-something (played by dull Stuart Townsend). Granting him a Scully-type partner is also a bare idea; Kolchaki alone, shaking like Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo DONE? Where is the tension? Partnerships? This regurgitated bit 'he crap to choose the name of KOLCHAK is an example of how to make a remake: Take a cult cult series loved, delete everything unique about it, all the character and color (but the name you keep! That's the cult heart!) and voilà! Instant re-hash! 'Re-Imaginings 101' gets 'F'! This new version is BALA DESERVED! It is short-lived, but classic is original. Really better with age.
