KOLCHAK: I saw the night STALKER at night I was shown on September 13, 1974. When I love it, I find that the most intimidating monsters and Gil Melle (Hey, where are the noisy guys?) Often think about this thing that works for me completely and finally, when there are not many others, almost no scary show and that is the key characteristic that most people may have on a daily basis. Darren McGavin's Carl Kolchak reacts to the majority of people when it starts to reveal quite a situation. He finds them strange and fears even if he is aware of the danger that he has to move forward in the episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to stand up against some superior supernatural power. He usually builds a trap and is hidden in his wings or waiting to see how he works. Sometimes he was surprised that he could defeat our enemy like us. In one episode, sewerage is going to find a monster, but when he first sees it, he strives to get out of it, but he must be trapped, he must come back and defend himself. He is heroic, because he is ready to do what we can do in most cases, but he does not mean that he did not do it. He is a regular man, doing a job, trying to make a hunter, is not a monster hunter. He is surrounded by only supernatural superstition, but does not want to harm or kill more than any of us. If you do not plan to defeat the creature, you will often see it fleeing to escape his life. This is of course what I will do. That's why I often looked at the peak of the show as a child from my finger. The armchairs were unpleasant and she was caring for you if she had anything bad. You were scared for her and for other symbols. Manufacturers and writers clearly knew that anyone could create a monster suit, scary music, and create a direct suspenseous scene, but if you do not care about the characters, there is nothing. Darren McGavin said the show was only tired of showing the "monster of the week" because of the continuity of the season, and decided not to continue. When I'm a kid, I can tell you I lied when this show was canceled, but as an adult, I can see that this form can not last for too long. I love the 20 episodes and two movies starring McGavin as a bumbling, definite and easy but good-hearted reporter for the INS known as Carl Armchuck. Anyone who shows or shows in movies, I doubt that he can not understand why he likes the show. Though they are all the exciting items, they are not monsters, dark burning sets, creepy music, or delicate guests. The secret of his success is the title "Kolchak: Night Stalker". Without tiring and caring for McGavin's beloved, shadowy Carl Kolchak, it's not just a Night Stalker.
