The original film, The Double Couple, has some nice comic liners. The whole world knows neurological neatness Felix Ungar's and comic, modest, complicated Oscar Madison story. <br /> <br /> Odd Couple has some wonderful poetry on Oscar's home, and she has a very good example. neat habits. He asked, "Who wants to be fed?" He says. One of his poker player friends asks, "What's that?" Oscar says: "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What's brown?" There are many new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the line on the Oscillator:" I did not sign up for two weeks, and I saw milk that was not in a bottle! "The film was shot by Jack Lemmon's philosopher Ungar, and Richard Feliks is a very strange and strange thing that he is more frustrated than his comic, his performance in the series of Tony Randall brought humor, warmth and sensitivity to Felix's character. Tony's philosopher Unger, described by Lammon, may have a hysterical outburst.Then, this event in the television series refers to specific situations that cause anxiety in the scene, and that the movie is never happy, entertaining, or mutually exclusive. Ungar is always a housewife who controls the wall. <br /> <br /> The film still has great moments that resemble a time test, and the "famous" meat fight is not the biggest scene! Feliks' "Oscar pillow" one will be remembered forever, but on the Oscars there are some dark sides where it is most likely to emerge, after the discharge of Feliks, the "cries" and the scene surrounding Felix's Linguine's dinner (even though it's alleviated by a comic line) seems more than comic. br> <br /> Perhaps, it did not have enough time to see the light side of this character, making the series very memorable. The start is over 20 minutes very boring. The same thing happens with Felix Pidgeon talking to sisters. The film is about to end, and it's too late. On the other hand, there is little or no compassion for each one. As a result, if you do not watch the big scenes described above, the dark side of the film is not comedy, but mostly depression and anger. It is almost like Felix's Jack Lemmon's monotonous film brings the film down to a movie without strengthening or combining the comedy among the characters. <br /> <br /> This is really the 1970s TV series Odd Couple. The original film is still very good. But the TV series is better.
