Some of the best movies classified as comedy are never blurred by comedy and drama. The graduates of the late 1960s and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid are the perfect examples. Do they have comic dramatic errors or dramas with many humor? In many ways, Odd Couple falls into the same category as comedy, and is also dramatically dramatic with deep rooted human nature. <br /> <br /> Despite the very lively television show in the 1970s, the original Odd Couple is not just about a clean man, and a naked boy forced to live with his wife. Indeed, there are two similar episodes of how many marriages are separated and how their malicious characteristics come from outside their marriage. Characteristics of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon's Perfect Cast) and Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) are just the beginning and the slightest characteristic. As the story is open, we find more of these people than being more lenient and mutually immoral. In short, this story has never been unfamiliar to Felix Unngar, who is facing divorce from his wife, Francis, but has been an important character throughout the story. On the edge of the suicide, Ungar comes to the only place he knows - a home of Oscar Madison, often in a group of poker friends. We know that Ungar is not just a member of this poker club, but the team knows what's happening and tries to help the novice inexperienced. <br /> <br /> Madison is the best way to ensure that Ungar's suicidal tendencies move along with it. Unfortunately, Madison does not know how to get to himself. Madison was happy when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House for the last time he was cleaning the refrigerator. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to keep the moldy cake and place it between the two pieces of bread, and then place the contents of the bag chip on the table. On the other hand, he has drinks and women, and he has a good time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not just completely different, but the diameter is contrary. She is not an obsessive neat nut, which is more joyful to disinfect more scenes than women, but most women know more about eating and fine dining. At one point, he calls his ex-spouse, not to talk about reconciliation, but to call for recipe for meat preparation. After a while, Ungar was planning to spend the evening with cabbage for delicious taste. If Madison seemed to be in no hurry, Ungar finally acknowledged that he was doing just for the living room, because he could not taste it. Who is this man? But another pleasing feature is that Felix is ​​also hypochondrias. He does not think about the health of a strange noise in public places claiming to help his sinuses. The book looks at every health condition. If they had created more, Felix would have presumed. <br /> <br /> The film is about marriage. Madison tried to convince Ungar that he was going to move, at some point, "What do you want, engagement ring?" He says. However, few people know that this is not a clean person who can not be busy with another person, not a clean person. Their friendship becomes an unusual hell. And Oscar is happening when two bridesmaids are invited to go with two comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedy ever written and not to be written. The roles that Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon have played are harder to imagine is everyone's better. Unfortunately, writing this caliber is unfortunately deprived of the most comedy produced today.
