Odd Couple has more than one feature film offering. Felix Unger (a poor man's monogram curses him) looks at a hotel in New York. A clean lady says "Good night". "I'm happy," he replied. In her quarry, she picks up her pockets, struggles to remove the marriage strip, but puts the objects in a neat envelope, addresses to her spouse and beloved children. When the audience finally puts it together? Aha, will he shut himself up? Are we struggling to open it window? oh no, he will jump? The weak man is wounded back down. Is it all you need to know about Felix Unger? his wife abandoned him, he is compulsive cleansing and hypochondrias. And all in one scene. What is the special genius of Neil Simon's Comedy? on the situation and character. There are several open physical jokes? no gait to the groin, cheap gags? Just funny characters in relaxed situations. Of course, he is a master who manipulates audience expectations. When it comes to the Swingers era, imagine that Felix is ​​on the stage of history where they talk about breaking their marriage to girls they work hard to enter into the home of Oscar's home in their home. He was blowing, right? Think again. Girls are able to cope with their sensitivity. Since Ocos does not pay enough attention to her, she invites her to return her fragrance. Is he right, like Flynn? Uh, yes, but she feels sensitive because she does not want to go with her daughters. Great things. And with a minimal adjustment and a beautiful eight-room apartment set up, it's even bigger with a style. Why do you get worse, why are you bored, bagged Walter Matthau for Jack Lemmon and Chrisessakes? The visual style reminded me of Tiffany's breakfast, which greatly influenced the great depth of field and the interaction between different planes of action. Especially memorable is that Felix, who fled from Osaka, closed a section so that the unit would not only cover the Oscars. You get the true meaning of building flats and, therefore, is the nearness of the two divorcees. Are these two really married? each other. Thus, observations of married life, which can be considered in a usual romantic comedy, are even tougher than the two boys.
