I really do not think that Walter Matthau is like a comedian. She certainly has been beautiful in very sincere roles, but my success has always been to the frustration and brutality of her characters, to her impressions of her frequent companion Jack Lemmon, and, of course, to extend his work in dramatic ways. Following the 'Odd Couple (1968)' adapting gene Saks from a popular Neil Simon game, he suddenly clicked: Matthau, and he is absolutely delighted! At the end of the Oscar Madison, Matthau is trying to convince our hearts, which ultimately overplayed the emotions that make the audience look with a single sound, when it is dirty, crude and generally unkind to the audience. At the same time, while keeping himself as a comedian, the interaction with Lemmon is, of course, the pitch perfect; Billy Wilder's "The Apartment (1960)," by Billy Wilder's scenario, the film, this Neil Simon comedy builds itself on a very bad point. Compulsive home remover Feliks Unger (Lemmon) has been hesitant to commit suicide only for twelve years, but after unsuccessful attempts to open the hotel, he refuses to give up. Dejeded, well-friendly Oscar (Matthau) came home, a potato chips and green sandwiches (just a very new cheese or very old meat!) A divorced slob living in a diet. Oscar, friendly Felix offers a place to stay, but soon he will drown in his friend's perfect personality and absolute cleanliness. Couple forms an unusual marriage arrangement, Felix accepts the roles of a floral and persistent nagging wife and an Oscar, a late homeless person who has always been home after arriving home. <br /> <br /> <strong> </ div> </ em> </ div> <div style = "text-align: justify;"> because we have a lot of heart. According to all disputes, the two roommates had a lot of compassion on each other, but rather moved to act instead of Felix instead of an angry breathing. maybe wrong He understands how to tell Oscar. The couple's four poker friends (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner, and Larry Haines) each other share a mixed affair, but you can not deny the best of their intentions. The decision to treat Felix could have been wonderful, as nothing had happened, but he did not pay close attention to Felix's ideas about flawless and inaccurate feelings. Unlike some comedies, as Wilder recently mentioned about the film The Seven Year Itch (1955), this film is not just being shot in the same accord, and the relationship between the two potentials gradually develops, tears, laughter and much consensus.
