This film is a lot of puffiness, but it's based on the horrible look of a film that has been playing the US television and covered / dressed, and Alpha, Unicorn, and others on VHS and DVD. Although the film was chosen by the Avco Embassy in 1973, it never had the freedom of theater in the States. In Spain, when it was naked, the filmmakers came in two versions, one dressed and one with one. The entire English dubbed export diameter was named WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and was filmed in Sweden in the 1980s. It comes from Ebay and it comes with high yields. My guess is that Avco's film cut off for a never-ending R rating. In 1974, Avco was filmed by WOLFMAN FURY OF TV, and a television version of this dress was used. After 12 years, she sits on WOLFMAN's FURY home video on the Charter label. This version seems to be back in Avco's '73 '. This is a clear version, with some nudity that will never go on TV or in the PG movie. There are a few scenes in the Nizamnam tape playing on the TV's naked nude, a source for all Dud and VHS editions. But with this uncomplicated WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS, this version has 2 scenes! (the spoiler in the next paragraph), Ilona was chained to Waldermar's wall and eventually denied him after he became a werewolf. After she surrenders to her, she begins to take off her clothes and begins to love frogs! The worm also responds positively to these sexual shenanigans. This scene, of course, is the most unusual place in the history of film flair and is a sensitive treatment. This is not graphic, but the intended vitality was much more than a US audience, or even more for MPAA. Ilona Waldemarla was in joy and could not control her, so she was involved in Waldermar's wife, who oversees all her plans. While Valdemar was in Tibet, she wanted to get rid of her marriage. Unfortunately, he returns a savage, but it does not slow down. If she is not physically able to be a human, she likes her to become a circumcision with her. This helps explain to a bedside bed where a woman with a naked body before going to bed before crossing the window. This scenario is covered in a covert version of nonsense and does not really mean anything. In the unspecified version, Ilona's lover needs to be horny and free to the victim, so she could be harassed by the first woman she could after the escape. Another cutting is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen, and it looks bare. A very similar bedroom scene was removed from the US version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). The film has problems despite certain problems. The director was drunk, a bad stand for the wolves at dots, English dubbing, a WOLFMAN aka FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR, and other Waldemar films. Throughout the film's music score, and so on. original widescreen format and uncut (ie: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS). This is one of the wildest and most insulting of the Daninsky werewolf series. The cut and dressed paper and full screen copies of this movie are of no use and, unfortunately, there is almost everybody who comment on this movie. The film has a copyright of 1970s, and I think the 1972 IMDb history is wrong. The film was released before WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) and WEREWOLF SHADOW. The WEREWOLF WEREWOLF SHADOW never comes to an end, and the end of WOLFMAN's ANY SLEEPS / FURYA offers a concrete proof of it. Unfortunately, the full version of it can never be denied decent. An excellent free edition is not an English version, but will be in Spanish with subtitles in English. The English dubbing movie is frustrated. However, any version of Spanish will reflect the covered version of the Franco period, as shown in Spain, where the nudity is verboten.
