I saw it when it was a premiere and I was watching it again at IFC. A great explanation of many possible stories about immigrant agricultural workers who work in sugar farming in Hawaii in early 1918. My father and dad were part of this migration; My parents were born in Kohala (Big Island) in the time of the film's creation. A year ago, I moved to Greater Island over 30 years in California. Most of the old cooking lands have not yet been completed, and the desert plants are still growing, and one year after plants were closed. I heard many stories from my wives and nephews who were growing up on the sowing. This movie helps to describe these stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic plot. Reading a review like this ccthemovieman shakes my head. Some people can not get it. <br /> <br /> I did not remember that Youki Kudoh played a leading role, and he did an incredible job with him. I remember his great performances at Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and an Australian movie that he played with "Heaven's Burning" at Russell Crowe. Tamlyn Tomita, a man who did not grow up on the islands, did a great job with pidgin English. We forgot that Toshiro Mifune was a cabbage role as a moving picture maker. I'm lucky that Jason Scott Lee is an inexpensive, non-concrete part of a farmer's workplace on the payday scene. <br /> <br /> In 2005, I was sorry to learn that Kayo Hattan, director and writer, died of coincidentally drowning. <br /> <br /> Mirror this meadow farming experience: "Gaijin" about immigrant rush workers in Brazil (many of them from Japan) at the same time; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on the African meadow farming experience. The latter is still present, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not seem to be long enough. A bigger movie about early Asia in America is a "One Thousand Gold Pieces" when immigrants are more like slaves. It's the role of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dung.
