This is still the best film director, Haim Bouzaglo. An experienced television director, an experienced television director who narrated the story and directed his actors through long epic, in this very low-budget film, tried to seize the essence of a particular psychological situation, although the Israelis were under threat of terrorism. Every character who seeks to control and control one's own life is monitored and controlled by other faces and is largely controlled by constant pressure, political and historical forces. Some people call this fate, but in this film, a very clear figure. <br /> <br /> Distortion does not have a clear policy statement. Characters are never discussed with politics, even if they do not say "bastards"! when you hear a new terrorist attack. Localize the reaction to the events and count on the use of official and media terminology for the dead and wounded. They do not really live, on the contrary, they wait for a bomb to survive and something else to happen. Personal, social, professional life works a bit, but it is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a dramatist who is lucky enough to have a medium-personal and creative crisis with the pressure of events and a few minutes before the bomb blast is just a few minutes before the terrorist attack. He hires a special employer to watch his girlfriend, who is a suspected TV investigative journalist falling for her next show, a case of a temporary military man causing his work and his family to break through events. He begins to write a game that will copy the truth from the carbon and bring it to the stage, Hamlet and Sinecdoche, on the movie scene reminiscent of New York. I will dare look at this suspect Charlie Kaufman Bouzaglo's shoulder, which, of course, is not necessary, but the Israeli director screen is brilliant for the next movie (and the first director, Kaufman). <br /> <br /> As in the United States, actors play real personalities and start interacting with real-world counterparts. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo's actors have the usual talent, trust in them, and provide them with the freedom to live according to their circumstances, and then moves them. His style is far more liberal than his television series, and is well-functioning in America's horror films, although it is a "distortion" effect. The latter seemed to me a little rhetorical and unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicide killer and the whole episode of the temporal era followed her while watching the film.
