Distortion is an exciting, exciting movie that imitates art and art examples that reflect life. The film's director, Haim Bouzaglo, is Haim Bouzaglo, a playwriter who is deprived of art criticism and sexually impaired. She is inspired by her doubts about her daughter's documentary. Haim draws documentary films and combines himself and his players in training, while Haim is surrounded by a skullcap and an American t-shirt, like a suicide bomber, watching the scene while looking for his target and nerves. But the bombardment hit and Haim's restaurant just minutes away. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is a brilliant definition of crystal clear, thorough and savvy "distortion" of everyday Israeli life associated with everyone's "edge". <br /> <br /> Bezzglo plays brilliantly with this notion that everybody is an actor in another's production. We see the voter, who sees the legitimate director seeing, and the "real" director. To remind us that these mirrors are privacy violations, Bouzaglo leads us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes a bedroom is a street and a roof) and repeatedly encounters views on television, video or security screens. Actors act as actors representing "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each of the actors is a star of their own producer, but only their role in their actors' personal films. A detective game by a dramatist is a character. The actor, who calls for the role of the detective, is looking for a detective to "advise" that he will play a role, captured by a detective in surveillance ribbons and participating in a cast party as genuine parties. <br /> <br /> Although these ideas are numerous, the clear lines of this story make no mistake: the playwright looks at the subject, looking for a bombardment, and the detective comes to the filmmaker. In addition, there is no difficulty in finding the weakened and weak Israel of Israel, who is fully conscious of the danger of Bouzaglo's target, but that does not have a meaningful action. Israel is a self-imposing playwright, Bouzaglo, who cannibalizing his own game for this game. Israel is also the director of a documentary film, a betrayal of actors and actresses, and a soldier who has been a bankrupt bankrupt. All of them are Israel because they are all weak, inactive or inactive, and the bomber scans landscapes for the best goal. <br /> <br /> Some bomb attacks can make all the symbols that are sexually explicit and that their victims are "accountable." <br /> <br /> At the end of this game, there is a personal victory, vindication, and perhaps revenge, but watchers are astonished for the Israeli state, as Buzzaglo's surprise explains the difficulty of a nation to explain the story of the individual.
