Red Eye begins in Texas, where the hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) recently resides in the 'red-eye' flight in Miami and where he works. While waiting for his plane, Lisa gets acquainted with the attractive and attractive Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy), both of whom are like hitting them, and then sitting by the side of each other accidentally when they get into the plane. Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to assassinate main security guard Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) when Jackson is actually in the air and tells us who he is and what their apparent luck is not a coincidence. and you need to change rooms in a hotel in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and tell whether it's happening or killing her father ... <br /> <br /> Perhaps the last home on the left was managed by Wes Craven, known for fear films, on Elm Street (1984) , The Serpent and Rainbow (1989), Strangers Understand (1991), and a short, punchy, rapidly advancing little tension film like the Golden Eyes are usually a great departure from the genre of Craven, which seems to be the trilogy of youngsters. A script prepared by Carl Ellsworth, I really love the fact that I must accurately describe a point in a movie that has been turned into a very fast moving, economical and economical film, which is just 85 minutes long, so it does not go with many subplots in different directions, area. Someone likes a different approach like me, but I think that this action moves you more, because the movie allows you to stay calm and fast without any slowdown and relaxation. I really have one or two doubts in terms of plotting such a movie all the time, but what is hell is a movie made for me and it did it for me. I love the two central characters, Lisa is very unpleasant, while Jackson Rippner (an ordinary Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper open game) is a cold-fitting slimy villain 'I'm just busy' in the type mentality. It's another sight that I do not think everyone is treacherous, everyone looks really human and movies are relatively usual. <br /> <br /> Craven's good trail turns into a rapidly progressing tension with a tense, intense, curricular, and rapidly moving charming, strange, good motion and capture area. She is, of course, the most influential part of the film, Rippner, although Lisa has taken hostage on the plane and the film's father and son of Lisa's father goes into action and tension, the home becomes a bit more but still good. A special word goes to Rachel McAdams, which is absolutely magnificent, perhaps because it looks inside and looks stunning again so I could look at the Red Eye. Wes Craven, who is awaiting a horror film, should think again of the Red Eye, as there is no horror (despite the list of the IMDbs called "Hero" as in the Red Eye). I'm not sure if I understand, on the one hand, it was good to see that the legend had a contradiction with traditional expectations, but Lisa could have been more pleased to kill him. DreamWorks has given $ 44,000,000 to its initial budget for the Red Eye, but has dropped $ 25,000,000, though it's still a well-prepared movie with brilliant production values. In fact, he was shot in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film was probably written with his wife, Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, but ultimately the producers chose the younger potential. I have already said that Rachel McAdams is a clean candy, and this is a common film in this movie and you have to watch the movie on its own. <br /> <br /> The Red Eye is really a fast-paced tension, a little bit of excitement, and I really liked that, and I'm glad to see it. It definitely gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams is really hot stuff ...
