KELLY'S SECRET is an astonishing first animation feature that will captivate your eyes and move your heart. The lack of a limited budget and sometimes limited animation is more than replacing the young Brendan's heroic adventure with visual poems of the darkest centuries of lighting. Historically, this was at the end of the 8th century, when Irish learning centers were run by the Vikings. The Vikings look like the cruel antagonists here, the North Hunts and the Hunters, and the Equator of the Mogul in the eastern seas. The film's story --- The Abbot uncle, who works more like an illustration, working around a confrontation with Brendan in a fearful time, and protecting his protection, had a wall against the city of Kells and his nephew Norseman. Abbott does not consider the value of Brendan's art to seek safety. This is the outer conflict of the film. Brendan's internal conflict is the secret eye of creative lighting that will allow Kell to complete the most difficult painting. <br /> <br /> This eye is protected by Dragon Theoboros, which, as it will kill the Vicins, is damaging to the ones that are incompatible with this research (this is as far as I can tell!) <br /> <br /> I really love this movie about 1200 years ago, the creator of the greatest artworks created by the West for survival. Characters are stylized in straight-line shapes defined as lines, as in Kells's original book. (Especially noteworthy is that Biden and other animation characters are a perfect visitor to the economy, with a great deal of sense of his abstract design.The decorative borders on the picture change to complement the dramatic effect of a certain field, and this characteristic of dark ages revives the KELLS BOOKS. Of course, history dramas often talk about the periods we are usually trying to describe, but this story introduces the archetypal elements of the writer and the director of the KELLS KITABIŞIN's office in Ireland, which transcends a thrilling part of life from a very distant, psychological point of view, the pedantic history of the script can surpass the fact. (UNITED KINGDOM KELLS LIBRARY The group of people who seem to be a club is historically impossible, but it's personalized personalities that work very well to convey a universal appeal to all of this. The Irish story was always the best way to help me understand better the visual arts of different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film is clearly evident from its historical source, but it is reasonable to comply with the demands of scary stories; If animation existed in the Dark Ages, it resembles KELLS BOOK! Finally, searching for Brendan's hero in this film is a yearly study of the artist's beauty, life, and inspiration. (Not without reason, even if it is not Christian, this film affirms that Jesus "does not live with bread alone"). In my assessment, Andrei Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLEV, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists. The great Russian symphony artist of the 15th century. KELLS 'SECRET is expressing a lot of mystery and joy over the artist's visual research and creative process. Of course, ANDREI is not as deep as RUBLEV, but --- heck --- its a cartoon! (One who will appeal to young people as well as the elderly) I think this movie will be re-examined: this stylized KELLS BOOK is a classic confirming its modest lifestyle.
