After hitting the audience with three distinct episodes, Serling continued to present the 'The Twilight Zone' in a very strange way, with the plans of the series's biggest breeders as the fourth episode. The 'Eight Millimeter Temple' is one of the simplest episodes in which an aging movie star can not overcome the changing times and begins a supernatural element in the closing minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is primarily a cats, but subsequent glances reveal it as a short, well-written short story. <br /> <br /> Both are like Ida Lupino, Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam. his angry, but the care agent shines in his performances. The main issue of the episode is the idea of ​​the actress's supposedly 25-year-olds. Lupino appears to be the same as Trent playing while playing middle-aged Trent, causing the situation to fall significantly. Fortunately, Lupino tries to convince us of her hopelessness to return to the past, so she closes her socks. This is a situation that can give you more sympathy, and yet Trent is far from being a sympathetic character. He is a prima donna who remembers what is happening around him, for example, the consciousness of the days, and he thinks he is the co-star that he humbles himself with. It is a bit surprising that he is rewarded with a happy ending. After seeing the big projection screen, he clarifies what will happen and when Trent comes out of the screen and scares his servant, he is prudent in advance. If it is not clear at first, it is to say what the projector is doing and that it will give you a reward or a tough course to evaluate what we are living right now. <br /> <br /> Trentin is allowed to return to the past, to return to a testament to how strong the will of people is. <br /> <br /> 'Eight Millimeter Shrine'. The top notch writing and functioning merger is a great game with a great power that reflects the nature of the people who have long lived in the past despite the fact that we will never return. Outside the Twilight Zone.
