Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest character and true religious person in the world of horror and evil wolf. Ms. Peterson was a TV-character Elvira, the most famous of all, though he had different supporting roles in different types of action in the genres. Is it part of his charm? and respect from fans? he did not retreat in the genre of horror known as "famous" (in contrast to many other great actors and actresses, such as avoiding "early" works). I just saw his neutral and pieces of his TV performances, but Ghoultown's new song song "Black Brother" in his community's role really encouraged me to examine more of his stuff. <br /> <br /> Some time ago this music became clear to me: I knew that until the mid of the 1980s, Elvira had turned her into a power of influence. In 1988, after the films, including TV night work "TerrorVision" and "Morning Night", there was respect and passion, finally, "Elvira, Dark Mistress". I've seen a trailer on retired VHS rental days, but last weekend finally took me to see the actual movie. A few years ago, I was able to watch the movie "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (produced in 2001), but for some reason it did not surprise me. Have you forgotten or have to give you another watch? I actually really feel like watching this video again because this first Elvira movie in 88 has really convinced me. Though partially responsible for filmmaking, Sam Egan and John Paragon can contribute to the script, there is really no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy (he wrote a scenario) <br /> < When Elvira learned that she was one of the Biggest Aunt's beneficiaries (she had never heard of it before), she took Las Vegas as a long-term opportunity to create her show. To claim his rightful inheritance, he travels quietly to New England City. However, residents of Falwell are in the city of treatment. At no time should he insult and humiliate all prominent residents of a conservative small town (often unwelcome) with provocative behavior. In addition to what he expects to do to worsen everything: obsolete kiosks, cookbooks and poodles. But what he did not know and his bad cousin, Vincent Albot, is a Witch of the Great Taze, and contains the tariffs to prepare the darkest forces of hell, most of all imagined in the book of meal. And if you still have not finished the movie after preparing the first recipe from Elvira's recipe book, make sure you're sitting with a smile on your face. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this shit starts with a joke, a fraudulent liner, clairvoyance, jokes, and a scenario you keep with a delicious taste, as well as an explanatory narrative. Simple, of course, but related. Other films, often based on very difficult situations, often tell stories (like, "Naked Gun"), this is not a movie. In the 80's many fears and comedy were produced, but many did not actually work. At some point (the "Killer Party", although I'm grateful for the fact that it was a stop to the finals), very quickly ("Saturday 14th") becomes exhausting. Although Elvira is more comedy than horror, it does not lose track of what she has done and is regularly completed by Falwell on the streets of Falwell between her uncle Elvira and Elvin's uncle, Talbot, <br /> <br /> I tell you that this film is unfounded There is no power in hell that can do so. One of the first giggles was the time of opening credit, when Daniel Greene's name appeared. Who is Daniel Yes, I know his name (and then on the stained surface). How can you forget about Daniel Greene once you see ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen Atomic Cyborg, we apologize, but in this way it will not be possible to laugh. One side note: I could not really watch Elvira watching while moving away from a petrol station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have hit this shot well.
