"Why did we grow so much, why did not they just give the poor?" The question about the cathedral was asked by Harvey during a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "This is a good question," he replied. "In short, encourage them to look at them with fear." I am not convinced that chairs affect everyone, but this movie has affected me. It was spectacular! <br /> <br /> This did not start in such a way. For a while, a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral - a good illustration would have seemed less. This is basically if you were traveling to a high school anywhere. Once a day you have a happy, happy group to leave school, trying to keep the bus driver and some teachers in control of their frustration. That's where my t-shirt was my first reaction. I thought, in the end, this would be a typical story of a teacher who was driven to inspire a group of unqualified students. YAWN! But it gets so much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant like Mr. Harvey - a teacher who had a strange joke for the chairs. During the course of the film his story goes slowly and becomes the focal point of the story. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but a series of problematic students, including some powerful thoughts, have been hacked by Nathalie Press, especially to Helen. religious issues. Harvey's colleague, Jonathon (quoted by Ben Miles) says, "I do not believe anyone unless someone is trying to force another." Harvey replied: "It's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - In fact (in my opinion) how often it occurs in our society for religious tolerance. There are compromise scenes among the different characters, and the final scene of the movie was brilliant. When Harvey returned to the bus, the director Susanna White slowly pushed the camera upstairs because the final shooting was just heaven - listening to Harvey's interpretation, the purpose of the cathedral was to frighten people. The Cathedral fulfills the purpose. We look at the universe with great fears, but we want to determine it. It's a very powerful and very inspiring film. 9/10
