Match 1: Tag Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley have started with Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit for a Tag Team Table Game. According to the rules of the game, both opponents must pass to the table to win. Benoit and Guerrero were first flushed early on taking Spike and then Bubba Ray whips. Bubba took the wind out of the German suplex Dudley's brother by Benoit. Spike tried to help his brother, but the judge restricted him when he opposed him in the corner of Benoit and Guerrero. With Benoit Bubba facing, Guerrero set up a table outside. Spike entered the ring and Guerrero was bent over the top of the rope! After rebuilding Spike and taking care, Guerrero went down to a desk and set up Wolverine. Tandem then created a double superpower from the middle rope that Bubba put on the table, but Spike beat the table before his brother's fall! Guerrero and Benoit worked out another table in the corner and worked with the Irish Spanker Spike, but Bubba went inside and closed his brother. Bubba fired and rapped two opponents to the body drops! Bubba, the Guerrero and Spike, jumped over Wolverine. Bubba spent the Benoyu Gulf on Speyk to get into Woisup! headbutt! Shortly afterwards, Benoit crushed Spike in the Crossface, but after Spike hit, he continued. Bubba came to his brother's rescue and extended Benoyu at a table. Bubba stripped off the middle rope, but Benoit moved and Bubba collapsed from the tree! But Bubba was allowed to stay in the match because his opponents did not force them out of the table. Firstly, Spike Eddie was dropped off after a long time with Drapley Dawg on a table with a ring outside! Benoit then put Spike into a table with a moment to count. In seconds, Bubba beat Benoit on a table, beat Bud Bomb and won Dudley! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley 2nd: Challenge Jamie Noble, Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble and Billy Kidman brought him Nidia with ring for Billy Kidman Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman were locked and rolled over to the ring, but it went in and tore a little more. When Kidman ceased all Noble movements, Noble Nidia fled outside his rattling. This fight went out of his way and Noble threw his daughter over to his opponent. Kidman dropped Nidia out, but with a modified scoring bar. Noble knocked Kidman's wounded arm. The loss of the kidneys has hindered her sin, but continued to fight. Noble Kidman tried to throw a bomb with a power, but opposed a challenge. Kidman went on to end with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble's attempt broke. Kidman went on to Star Press again, but this time Noble went out of the way. Noble Kidman soon turned into a power bomb and took a pin to protect his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble Match 3: European Championship William Regal and Jeff Hardy, William Regal, took Jeff Hardy next to an attempt to win the European Championship. Jeff cuts it down with Hurracanrana off the ring apron after Katapulted over the top rope over the top rope. In the ring, Jeff blows a whisper in the wind to hit Regal for a bend. Jeff Swanton went for a bomb, but Regal took his knees to shoot Jeff in a fierce shot. Jeff was surprised when he collected Regal quickly and took a pin to continue the European Championship! Regal began to see Hardy riding his ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy Match 4: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho promises to end John Cena's career on Vengeance, which emerged later on. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson as the match started by pressing on the match. Jericho continued to beat Cena around the Ring until her cockiness got better. In the upper rope, Jericho began to look at the chessman and Cena grabbed him for a superplex! Cena followed by a tilt-a-whirl slam but taken with a bad dropkick for the gut. He was rescued from the outside and fluttered his abdomen into the abdomen, but away from Y2J. Jericho started Lionsault, but Cena could not escape. Jericho nailed to a bulldog and then went to Lionsault, but went for the cover. He threw Jihan on his feet to put Jericho on the Wall. Cena had a different idea, turned movements into a pin attempt and won 1-2-3! Jericho then went to the berserk after the match. Winner: John Cena 5th Match: Intercontinental Championship RVD - Brok Lesnar disqualified by The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View Intercontinental Champion. Brock caught the head and dropped his shoulder straight from the RVD. The speed of the Van Dam was immediately adapted to Brock. The great man pulled out of the ring and went up the hill. Brock assembled himself and began to carry out his duties. Overlooking Paul Heyman's ringside, Brock RVD hit the hard surface of the ring. From there Brock rolled over the RVD and began to roll over on the top rope. When the RVD fell painfully, he complained about the back of his waist steel ring. The fight turned the ring with Brock, squealing the RVD around the ribs. RVD collapsed and soon broke Brock with a stroke. RVD followed with Rolling Thunder, but Brock was able to score after two points. The War RVD looked like it could be as soon as a Five Dry Frog went to Splash. Brock lifted the Van Roof to his shoulder and went to F-5, but RVD Brock was a DDT and followed by Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heyman pulled the ring back! Ref immediately called for a disqualification and soon hit with Heyman! Then, the RVD jumped from the top rope to Brock and then threatened to shoot the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed the RVD and Brock took the champagne, and this time it was connected to a steel cage with the F-5! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Booker T has been facing the Big Show beside the Big Show Book T. Show and paste Booker T's finger and finger tips. Booker drove a ring on the rings after the rattling, but the Big Show dropped it on Booker's face. Booker ringside try to get the game back by slapping Show with a camera cable. Booker slammed the TV show from the Spanish speaker's position on the showhead, and then handed over the men's scissors to the table! Booker ran back to the coup and ran for a moment after the Big Show. The exhibit showed Booker's throat, but hit the back and hit it. Booker pulled the top rope and nailed a drop of drop to get the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> Announcements: The player enters the thrillful applause of Triple H as he hopes the game will end competition. Before speaking, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to apologize for his personal involvement. If the triple H was signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his life would never come to the game again. Bischoff said he had set up a network for the past two years in Hollywood. Everyone would be looking into the next WWE Superstar, and all of them talked about Triple H. Bischoff, and if Triple H was signed with RAW, he would have the best of opportunities. Stephanie McMahon has begun to take his field. He said that with Triple H, two people knew each other well for their personal history. According to him, both were once unbearable and could be repeated. Bischoff cut him off and begged him to stop. Stephanie told Triple to Bischoff that Triple H had no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said he did not know when he was young and what he was, but he still had more experience with Stephanie. The two continued to move forward and forward until they clutched with the Triple H microphone. The game would be easy to say, either one of them or the "screw". Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hands, but he drove him away. He said he would go with a devil who knows better than he did not know. Poet Michaels came out to shake things before entering anything. HBK said that the last thing he wanted was any problem. He did not want to involve, but promised to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said that Triple H was a good friend and that there was no one in the world. HBK did not imagine a place for his wife, Bischoff's life, as a paradise in hell. Triple H said it was a charming offer. He turned HBK back and hugged, making his official RAW switch! Triple H and HBK were separated and proud of Bischoff's victory. Bischoff said there was a difference between them: he has testicles and he is not. Stephanie swung Bischoff on the side of the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm met with Hollywood Hogan and Edge. Starting with the sounds of "US" in high voices and through Hogan Choving Christian rings and rings. Canadians took it from there. Edge threw a hit on the head of Christianity and planted a face spoon in Storm to get Hogan's label. Hogan Hulk started up and soon grabbed a Christian with a big boot and a leg drop! The storm broke the number and Hogan threw the Christian Storm icon superkicked. Edge is tagged soon after, and both opponents have fallen. He put both of them on the corner of the corner, but Stroke missed a spear and instead hit hard. The Edge was whipped in a DDT, but ref was low and can not count. He tested the test and took Hogan, then Edge made a draw. The storm tried to get the pin, but Edge was thrown after two. Riksihi was dragged to forgive the Test, which allowed him to restore Edge and to let the Storm burst out. Christian, ref reflex and Y2J dashed and Edge clock with Tag Team Championships! He rolled over the storm and took the pinfall to win the title! Winners and New Tag Team Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Surely Champions Trophy Match. Rock vs Wolf Boots and Boots WWE's three successful superstars, facing a three-in-a-horse run-off challenge, were faced with the challenge scandal. Taker and Rock came face-to-face with Kurt Angle to draw attention. It consists of the other two men. Soon, Taker emerged from the ring and confused with The Rock Angle. Angle put Rock on a series of supleks, but opposed the DDT, which controls a Big Two. The fight continued beyond the ring with Taker's life and the Curvy Openness and the recurring The Rock. Taker and Rock have made the hoop, and Taker hit a sidewalk to get a two-voice sound. Rock returned, Taker grabbed his throat and shocked him! Angle called The Rock a pin attempt. Rock has responded by opening the wrist open to unlock the wrist. It turned into an open movement and became the champion of the Rock Nations. Shortly after, The Rock dropped Angle and hit the People's Elbow on Undertaker. The Angle tried to get the advantage of the two, after removing the Great One outside the ring and surrounding Taker. Outside the ring, Rock took a large bottle of water near a nearby bottle and threw it liquid on Korer's side outside. Taker did not stay with the disabled for a long time, and he was able to break Rock and turn it into a revelation. Taker left a gilithin foot on the floor in front of the ring. Gaya caught himself in time to break off a pin attempt at Kurt Açıya. Taker tickle Rock with a DDT and set it up for a chokeslam. Angle tried to sneak with a steel chair, but Taker caught the recommendation and smacked her hands. Judge caught fire and opened his mouth with a flaming steel chair. But the nose was lying down, but Dead Man found her shoulder. Angle tried to close Rock, but it was thrown out. The rock climbed up and hit the sharp shooter! The angle looked like it looked but he denied it. Taker chose Rock and crashed into the Last Ride. When the dead man covered it for victory, Angle entered the race and took Taker in the lock of the toe! Taker was horrified with pain, but he was able to do the opposite. She chose the latter for the ultimate sliding, but Angle put a triangle drown! Tarker seemed to want to go out, but the Skull broke Angle's expectation because he was locked in the ankle lock. Rock suddenly appeared and Taker watched the shocked voice. Rocky Rock hit the Bottom, but Taker refused to go down. The Angle was drifted up to Angle Slam, but it was under Rock by the Great First and closed! Winner and New WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> Finally there is a decent PPV! Recently, PPV was not very good, but it was a winner. I give it to PPV
