The most successful comic books are dependent on cunning men who are bigger than life, skipping the screen, ready to strangle a smile or demented line or binary dialogue. Tim Burton Batmans, like the Sin City (even more strange). Dick Tracy's producer / director / star, Warren Beatty, cleans up the villains until it becomes part of this frame. Similar to the 1930s, for the children of dark Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy, this is only fun, full of archetypes and bright, basic colors, criminals' tommy guns and faces shaping their identity. The Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, The Brow, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould named his characters for his profiles and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. <br /> <br /> If you were to have darker images of the reality than Batman and (underrated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, then Dick Tracy would be more 'old school'. Big Boy (What's the greatest performance of Al Pacino, and in a sense it is a great deal for his spectacular style), this is a story of police and rude, or a police officer Tracy, but does not expect so much failure. Kid (Charlie Korsmo, in this way bringing this little boy more than they imagined) and Tracyin Tesse, a child who is interested in his love. And then there is a nightclub, "Iron", which does not testify when Tracy does not accept his feelings (Madonna probably does not do any good, but maybe she deserves this role and she reads it perfectly) for her. Then there is a controversy with Tracey's down and a tidy voice with a masked figure. <br /> <br /> Along with this, in a leap of visual effects and bigger explosions, a trail of a house of a palace, Tracy puts on the comedy comedy and unexpected comedy and as a syrup in a long pank bark. It's a shame to look at this world that, by the means created by today's glamor, could be simply simpler by computers (ie Sin City, which can be compared to Beatty's movie). We were driving in the great shooting of this great world, and then they put pressure on the culprit line or anywhere, in large-scale adjusting assemblies with the camera angles that seemed to come out of these small bent panels in old comics. Still, I remembered Cotton Club during these schedules, as long as it was a long way to tell what story, music, detail, and several BIG fists and weapon shots were to say. needed. And from the script (one of my favorite is: "The enemy of my enemy is my enemy", plus any other figure referring to Pacino's other figures). <br /> <br /> After seeing for the first time in the movie theater (and only reminiscent of small bits), Dick Tracy is a boiled fantasy best. The kids are full of good cheer and some good moves feel solid and embarrassed for their cousin comic-book movies (that is, PG-13 free) with its backdrop center for squared and adult without some worse intentions. Even Dustin Hoffman pushes him and he says a very loud word!
