At the end of the 19th century, several cowboys who needed some money in the American West enter the hunt. The leader of the group believes that buffalos have many effects on the hunt, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population will collapse and is not so sure. The movie, featuring a buffalo flock of South Dakota and a film showing the actual hunting movie (the film's presentation tells her that she needs a proper interpretation of the herd), has a great job to present us with the buffalo status and the impact on the local Americans. /> Along with this, the real story is a small family created by a small group formed to hunt. His father's figure is Charlie, a fierce man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother," is an experienced hunter who tired of killing, but who needed to work after losing his animals. He is a half-indian boy, son of a son who hates the fact that he is completely out of sight of the Caucasus. Dede (and morals compass) is a buffalo leather with alcohol; <br /> <br /> Charlie's "spouse" was a woman in India, and her comrades killed her horns after killing them. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, Charlie is the most interesting figure. He is insulting and insulting around everyone, and he knows that he is just family and friends. She expects the strangers to hate her, then accepts them, but she does not know if she will not react. <br /> <br /> This is very similar to the classic "Red River", which reflects all this. is a family that is split up by an increasingly violent and alienated father figure. As expected, this movie suffers from comparisons. The field is not intended to develop characters and family dynamics, and it is not intended to guide all scenes towards this common goal. Charlie has not been in such a difficult situation since the beginning, and we have no reason not to think of what happened to him or her. Meanwhile, on the positive side, the message around the buffalo slaughter has added an extra dimension to the film and the outcome is far superior to the end of the "Red River" over Hollywood endings. As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining movie, well-prepared, but not the classic one.
