One of the most crucial gangster films of the 1980s, Scarface is often a film of his. The first thing you can see while watching this movie is 'Wishes in 1983'. Although it does not make suits, music scores and noise, hairstyles, it's a whole movie about crime in the 80's and it's not a respectable date. This is still a great movie. Although the music of Georgio Moroder is written fairly, it is the perfect scenario by Oliver Stone and the story of Tony Montana, thanks to the first class of Brian De Palma, to be on the path to the fantastic Carlito of Pacino). De Palma's all trademarks are here; stylish gifts such as powerful language, graphic violence (more hereafter), spectacular set pieces and, of course, stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino prefers the movie and I mean the meaning of the word. The dominant star of this movie. Moreover, one of his films, Pacino, does not mean his lines because this time he cries them with emphasis on cubes. However, it is Pacino and it's fantastic. Only he can go away from the film and go away from the film with integrity that is still cautious. Some may complain about screaming their lines and overstepping all of them, but this is an over-the-air movie. Look at the design of Tony's house, violence in this movie. The chain incident is terribly severe and everywhere blood. At the end, the shootings are more similar to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films of the corpses. Take a look at the amount of coke released in the film, so Pacino is perfect for the performance of the movie. More precisely, it is supported by more actors than just guiding lines. Steven Bauer is different from the player who supports Tony's best friend, Manny. His performance is in De Niro's kind of control and calm. She is a wonder of how to make a flat video soft porn. <br /> <br /> Of course, Michelle Pfeiffer adds charm, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is a big debut as Tony's sister. <br /> Of course, it's more than just a movie. There is much more to it than drugs, violence, chain attacks, and a great deal of splendor. This is a film about the dark side of the American Dream. In many ways, this is a thematic parallel to Godfather films. Tony is coming to America, getting everything, saying that America has lost its imagination, then loses its strength and lost it, and I lose it. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire is literally broken and killed in his palace around him. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, Scarface is one of the main films of the 1980s. Of course, The Godfather does not have the subtleties, but it is still a beautiful movie and a repeating value.
