"Classical is something everyone wants to read but does not want to read, classic is something everyone praises, but no one has read it." -Mark Twain "Classical" appears as a word used by Brian DePalma in 1983 to name the Scarface, which is a threat to wealth, self-denial, envy, and Florida drug addiction. People and critics (and rappers on this issue) consider this movie as "the epic gangster classic" or "the best of gangster films." Just one thing. All the wrong reasons are mentioned. "Scarface" is about a Cuban refugee who has a past, wanting to get into communism and to escape happiness. Is it simple? Yes. But De Palma's great genius and great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he has written a really good thing) plays all that. The hero is looking for all runs because running is a natural element in the film. Every character has something to offer that everyone likes this movie. They are proud of the mystical and the money world, but all of them have value, they all learn. Each character thinks that he has a better chance in his life, and when he is in a dramatic genre, he becomes even worse. "Tragedy" will be a better word to describe this film. Praise for the film's use of drugs, violence, dialogue, the point completely abducted. Apart from positive expectations about the film itself, there is really nothing positive about it. And that's why the movie works well. The film is not to look cool or to attract the audience to deliver the film's message. <br /> <br /> Brian De Palma does not film for cult heroes, or fans of brainlessness. <br /> <br /> The film is then a drama for adults. This is not a "gangster film". The movement has a share but the action is carefully drawn, so there is a point. This is an example of a great effort, not like the "Aliens", and most viewers consider this film a great free-action gangster film about drug and fires. It's funny. Hogwash. This film is not so bad, though. Not promoting. <br /> <br /> This film is said to be a really great movie. The story has a great cinematography that draws you. A very dramatic result (actually in the style of Giorgio Moroder) can simply lead to trembling or tears. The film is a long story, but it's a story and is considered every moment. Acting is fun. Al Pacino - was not enough. He can play any role he puts in his mind and this is no exception. Pretty guy Steven Bauer, like Manny. He did not think much about him in other films, but when he enters the maestro De Palma, he does it like you. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true ship like Elvira. He got off the "Oil 2" because he had avoided some kind of embarrassing heels and did not interfere with his beauty. But when the three real diamonds in this rug, such as Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, smile or weep as Tony's sister Gina, we see and deteriorate her spirit and new lifestyle; Paul Senar, Alejandro Sosa, is a drug lover who works more deeply in the skin and Senar describes it as; and Tony and Gina's predatory mother, Miriam Colom. It broadens the three films as they can. <br /> <br /> This caregiver has learned a basic thing when he first watched Scarface. Always do not enter into a movie without doubts. All the compassion and talk of this film can not really be prepared for what you see. Not just getting acquainted with De Palma (like me) can give you an idea of ​​what this movie is like. So do not look at rap rapescents, watch out for the bad guys, and bind yourself as rocks on Bailey and enjoy a great movie, an emotional view of Scarface.
