For some reason, this movie has never come to the forefront of the forests in the original language (although TCM UK Cable has a weekly MGM headline weekly). With more disappointment, still M.I. On DVD? Warners's recently released "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (consisting of 3 other Robert Taylor genres); maybe the "Signature Collection" dedicated to this miracle of the MGM finally saves that next year may be due to the 40th anniversary of its future? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film gives him a rare accusation role as an egoist militant, who has a Hindu hatred of the Indians and does not want to use his expert sign by making some easy money hunting goods; an opening statement presents exciting statistics showing that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000 to 3,000 in 30 years! Like partner, trade Stewart Granger chooses past professional? For this purpose, Allox, bloody Lloyd Nolan (persistently severe and blaspheming Taylor) and teenage tiny Russ Tamblyn. As expected, the company's relationship is very invincible. Anthony Mann's NAKED SPUR (1953) recalls that the MGM was once again in the center of the MGM. The film is actually approaching the taste and toughness of Mann's activity in this area (even though Brooks, the writer / director, is the first of only one handful of such travels, but is massively different); Here, too, is the participation of a woman (Debra Paget, also a half-breed), to discuss the two mighty leaders? and Granger, just like Naked Spur's James Stewart, simply returns the case (accusing simply to kill buffaloes for sport and profit). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from vision. Taylor takes Paget for himself? He stopped bravely, but stopped cold, even grabbing himself in Granger? and the local people in his bar at a drunken state give his disappointment! Taylor, himself, does not leave the contract without a contract: as Sierra MADRE (1948) is the main hero of his treasure, in rare cases, his employees are indefinite and jealous. and therefore valuable? Hiding a white buffalo; It's somewhat buffalo-crazy (at Nolan's prediction) at some point, it's a thunderstorm for the darkness of a nearby mass of species! Will the scenes of hunting affect themselves? stamping, tumbling when hitting the ground, the endless line of the day's capture, and subsequent meadows. The atypical, but memorable lie of the film is fairly well known: The winter is at full speed for the Granger's blood, paranoid Taylor, waiting outside of a cave (the latter being in Paqet's shelter); When Granger leaves the next morning, does Taylor find a handful? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> I think my father has a copy of the novel by Milton Lott during the original version of the movie. In fact, has he collected many publications? For all this, is still a fun experience? a book is again given to encourage cinematic adaptation. Also for the celebration, Taylor and Granger? who works well here? despite the fact that a group of all the brothers in the maritime adventure (1953), like a whale hunter, is very difficult to see (actually, more so in the Italian television as shown by age)!
