Greetings from the darkness again. Remember all that "What happened to Vudy Allen?" jokes? Even Mr. Allen was entertained with fans who wanted to continue the same "comic" films. Like any great artisan, Mr. Allen has developed over the years and has lost some fans when he gets others. Last year's Matchpoint championship showed that it was so important and surprising, as it was in the days of Annie Hall and Manhattan. What is most surprising for us? For 40 years, year-round fans seem to have a slight shock in Mr New York's home country. Apparently, he loves England very much! While filming "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen was scared by Scarlett Johansson and his real life and humor. This attraction forced him to write his best comedy for many years. Scarlett should be credited for collecting movies that are just glamorous when taking the risk of sensitivity. He is not afraid to look and act as a real person. In Scoop, he sheds light on the comedy sculptures and gives a true punchline to Mr. Allen's flat man on many occasions. Of course, whenever Mr Allen decides to put it to the camera, he will have more of a liners and social commentaries - it's good because it's a few better <br /> <br /> <br /> Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman's great support job . In fact, Mr. Jackman, many of us provide a few glimpses of what we think is the best choice to replace Brosnan as a new Bond. As with most of Allen films, the star is not an actor, but a script. Although Scarlett is presented here in a beautiful way, it is a great difference against polished Allen and Jackman, though it is a pathway dialogue ... especially a banner between Allen and Scarlett. If you are a great Woody fan, do not be afraid. It limits the screen time and is quite effective, except for two or three short stages. Another Woodman tradition is a brilliant musical background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" "Annie Hall" and Marx Brothers movies or Cary Grant comedies. Yes it is an adult comedy, but in fact very sweet ... especially for serial killer and talking ghost comedy!
