When it comes to Match Point's (2005) heel, if it's part of a "serious Woody" that repeats itself, Scoop has found a new image of the Allen's new, smaller, but immutable follow-up group. Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the disappointing efforts that resulted from Allthing Else (2003) have raised doubts as to whether Woody's comedy cards were another, first or second actor, with her participation as an actor. Fortunately, the cards are transformed into a Tarot deck, which serves as Scoop's clever Maguffin and reads an optimist for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. More hopefully, Woody's pulling himself - unfortunately, the weakest elements of his films in recent years - here is a parody inspired by him, and then he can not go romantic with enough young women to become his daughters and grandchildren a modest definition. In Scoop, Allen, just like Vudin, went to London, at least in the Scoop, where Sid Vitoren is just an old magician with cheap tricks and a tired scene. courtesy Like the Calvero, which is a product of Chaplin's Limelight (1952), Sid Vitoren Allen gives the audience an opportunity to give a little scarf mask of a great or praiseworthy artisan. Moreover, as they appear in the character, Allen's teens and longevity cheerleaders are less than a few short-term. <br /> <br /> The nature of Waterman also works correctly on the plot. Her troubled magic box is a mysterious moment for visiting a well-known journalist and recent visitor to heart arrest, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane). Strombel, a tea present at the Styx ferry-to-Hades, squeezes the boat because he can not rest in eternity without a final "spark" of the identity of the repeated "Tarot killer". Unfortunately, the first turn from the dead brings him to the magic show of Watermans, and the only belt for journalism is its high school of journalism, Sondra Panky (Scarlett Johansson) is called the comic puzzle of the magician. Sondra is eager to engage in a journalistic opportunity, and does not want Waterman to drag her millionaire into the role of her father. Yoxansson As shown in the translation, there is a talent for the comedy, and the neat game between Anden and Allen is very entertaining and will never be the beginning of romance any more. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Scoop's slaughter of prostitution and the serial killer structure surrounding Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), the main aristocrats suspect, has long-term effect on Allen's Jack's Ripper coastal views of London, the expected outcome. However, the other parties of Scoop (as in Match Point) come from the late life of Woody's English culture. Woody gives fresh new material for his classroom structure, behavior, idiom, dress, architecture, and specific driving habits to observe human behavior and sharp social satire. For example, Sondra ritzy tried to burn himself up with Peter Lyman in a special club, Waterman "observes that we are stupid in his view." A good humor style also opposes the strictly protected British public behavior, which Waterman's persistent Borscht-belt faces with Jewish plebiscites. Certainly, Waterman has a cheerful outcry on the Smart Car, which, of course, can not remember sliding on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> Alene's Scoop's humorous film is heavily dubbed into profitable films and literary sources, as well as links to his own filmography. In addition to widely available Jack, Ripper's references are dominated by the sound of the movie, the sequence of Griegin's "Mountain King's Hall". Hans Beckert is the first genre of the serial killer genre. Post-fun meeting of journalists, who discussed the abuses of the new abandoned Joe Strombel, resembles Broadway Danny Rose's (1984) opening. References to Harry's Deconstruction (1997) include the use of death as a character (along with his own voice and suit), Mandelbaum's use as a symbolic title and Adair University (Harry's "Alma mater" is now a student). In addition, Hades recalls the systematic use of the Greek mythology in the underground river navigation system by the Greek gods and the Mighty Aphrodite, Chor (1995). When it comes to quantum shades, Allen's scripts rely less on one of them than before, but Scoop provides at least a few memorable things. Waterman answers a question about his religion: "I was born into believing Hebrew, but then I became narcissism." And Sondra puts out Waterman's bleeding-related window: "If you connect our head, you'll hear a noise." All this, Scoop is the most enjoyable comedy of Woody Allen for ten years.
