Scoop is the name of the late thirty-eighth Evelyn Waugh novel, and the new film of Woody Allen, though today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. From Allen's previous efforts, "Match Point" (many, including those who claim to return strongly to this reviewer), "Scoop" is closely resembled. Allen is in the center of attention to the latest British aristocrats, luxury London apartments, murder and discovery. This time, Woody leaves behind the genre of the mystery and goes back to the comedy, and he is also a beloved voodwillian, a magician named Sid Vitoren, who turned out to be narcissistic because I was old enough to be "persuaded" by the Hebrew writer The Great Splendini. "In the middle of Splendini's standard dematerialization case, after an open-minded audience with Scarlett Johansson (like Sondra Pransky), an inappropriate pair of people killed an English journalist after he thought he was going to hit the top spotlight, stating that he was poisoned only by Stycle Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) a lively aristocratic son of Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), a murderer of Tarot Card, a serial killer of London. Sondra and Sid are just about a few amateur traps. <br /> <br /> Sadini was killed and Sondra's breath The beauty of London's aristocracy quickly accelerated. <br /> <br /> Vudin's young heroism - "Match Point" - as it was in the past, this time Scarlett is not an ambitious sex pot and can be a movie star, she is morphed into a stunning clutzy there, bespectacled, but still quite coed.Syd and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a great comfort - they are simply more friendly or less courteous to make friends with Lyman, to follow Strombel's desires and follow the tips on his guilt. Only with minimal protests, Sid Sidon's father is happy to be seen. Sondra, who longed for Peter to command the drowning in the club's pool, rebuilt himself Jade Spence himself. Dear Spence, Woody, keeps the lid on the card recommendations, but it's rich, but he's putting his petitions on poker, throwing a linen stroke off and keeping it entirely <br /> <br /> <strong> "Jade "There are precious metals, as they say. </ strong> <br /> <br /> It is possible to account for the outcome of life, or explain all of them. Initially, a decision by Allen to Johansson, a naive plainspoken and a badly dressed college girl, is not only a bad thing, but a bad decision all around. But lying and confusing as an actress, Johansson manages to exercise it miraculously, and actor Jackman, who knows what kind of thing he would like if he wanted to act. In fact, the film creates a sense of relationship, creating a limited number of heroism: Sid and Sondra spar are friendly, and Peter and Sondra are artificial and distorted, but it's a convincing attraction (finally, allen is still in English his richness and class over his class, despite his all aspects of Brooklyn's backdrop, something that seems to have left him abandoned for hankering.Jackman's impressive man was glamorous and confused, his parents were English, but this Australian music comedy star (Can X-Man's Wolverine) really be an aristocrat? Only in movies, perhaps (here and Kate and Leopold). <br /> <br /> This is a powerful movie like Match Point , but some viewers are missing as it is, quite wrong - it's now deeper than a half-hour radio drama or television show but Woody's jokes are more funnier and more original than what you get in the press, and sometimes they return to old-fashioned minds and fools. When directing summer entertainment, a movie is not silly or slapdash, it is unimportant. You do not want to eat heavy on hot day. All this stimulates movie comedies in a really nice way without really fun, funny jokes or bombs; Without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are returning to Allen's fall to the Match Point. Do not believe them. He does not think too harsh. Why Should It Be? He may be 70, but he still has an illumination on his feet. And his body moves very fast.
