When I was really a kid, I did not often watch this show, but the first episode I never saw is Kimmy Gibbler Stephanie's episode of his ears. In 2000, I started college. I've had all the difficulties with the school and have not been busy with it. but I always used it to get rid of the call, but this show really reminded me of the problems I faced at school and rarely showed the children to the parents. The salvage from the dish is good, but not a good family show. A few days after I graduated from high school in 2004, I turned the TV into a family channel and became completely home every day. I even managed to put down the information button and see the year I was going and I remember what I did in this period. the episode is about to come and is named "birthday blues" and so far the most episode of the episode is sad, happy, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a different way, but in fact shows its seriousness. I'm expecting season 1,2,3,4,5, DVDs 6, 7 and 8. At some point, I asked for some comments from a documentary and cast members. You do not see garbage and violence in this show because some people do not hate this show. For those who hate this show, I pray for you, because you have not grown up in a family where you have no love. but in my opinion, a home full of happy and good things is a family living in the sky at all times. and the characters are so beautiful. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mom and grandmother. Joey is a good-natured and always in good mood. When I was a kid, I was like Jesse and she was the first actor on TV as a man with obsessed hair. In fact, you can say that the DJ is actually California girl. I like episodes with Kimmy Gibbler, because she always smiles at me and shines my day while watching her. and Stephanie is very cool. Moreover, it is difficult to describe the Olsen twins separately. I would like to watch my kids one day. but full house is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina's teenage witch is my # 2 favorite. One day, before I die before, I would like to personally greet the whole house. Although the first three seasons are a bit boring, they start getting better in four seasons. I just wanted to prepare for the 9th season. In 1995, they stopped having a full house, and in the fall of 1996, Sabrina appeared in a young family (a similar family show), but there is a full-house show and a good day and bad days, and yes, if I understand this wild naked If a type of person hates this show, this is a show for happiness and this is a moral show. Also, I want to say that the first three seasons are good kids show, but DJs and Stephanie are teenagers in the 4th and 5th seasons. I have never seen a large number of shows, but have never talked about problems in the world and politics, for example, in 1995, when they were in full swing during the Gulf War and Oklahoma City bombing, in 1995, they did not say anything about it. Also, Steve was my lover of my DJ, the viper and the nelson were quite interesting. but I think season 5 and 6 are the best. I was only preparing for the 9th season, because I had a big question mark in my head because the last episode in the last episode was a surprise and her ex-boyfriend Steve was going to the baby, always wondering if they would come back together. and in the last season, the DJ was always responsive, and she liked how she wanted to do something brave, in the episode "stephanie's wild ride"
