New York, 1953. A hot night, four famous communication figures will come together. Professor (Albert Einstein), Senator Joesf MacCarthy, came to New York to give her a speech. Then he gets a surprise visitor that night; a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). In fact, he wants to discuss the theory of relativity. Soon, Joe DiMaggio, the ball-player goes to the hotel room, trying to do things for the collapsed relationship. <br /> <br /> Drag to show that the explosions that took place during childhood, the important events, the results of their actions, expose these people to despair and they are afraid to hide. <br /> <br /> Now it's one of a kind! Depending on the scene by Terry Johnson (author of the film's scenario), "Unfortunate" director Nicolas Roegin is a strange, fascinating, seductive and fascinant fictional pop-culture betrayal. This inspired and cerebral experimental effort can be dramatic because of the scene of the game, because it feels the sense of theater, and most of them are in the background of a hotel and a main suite. The Cramp appearance has had a great impact on just the moody and smoky atmosphere of New York. However, these limitations can not include productive and brave ideas that Roeg can accidentally bring to the storm through vision and meaningful material. The interpretation of philosophical travels and their concepts reflects the "symbols" of symbols, which are thought-provoking, and their interpretation of the concepts in a spiritual sense stimulates their memories and makes them look attractive to those who see their fears, either beautifully or treacherously. The current situation is essentially a verbely innovative (sometimes unusual) script, and there are plenty of tips for tips and tricks, but flashbacks give us individual makeup (gender, power, enlightenment, and glory). It can be their burden and the burden of the burden on their lives. It is impossible to cause anything to the end of the story and, of course, it may be hypothesized, but the imaginary vibe and intelligent arrangement encourage these curves and are never strange. Peter Hannan's courageous fluid photo and Stanley Myers' titillatingly leaked blues soundtrack Roeg stylistically fits in with pronounced and definite style styles. It looks like it works with something big and large, but otherwise this is not the case, and a small small universe emerges. Vintage suits and seasons fit perfectly. For me, the film had to have an impressive four-point performance. The beautiful appearance of Theresa Russell's sexy pin-up actress is an increasingly portrayal of Michael Emil's professor, who is definitely a movie with a really good and pleasing performance. Tony Curtis plays as a witch-hunter senator and Gary Busey is stoically gravely as a small player. <br /> <br /> Small but fun support roles will be Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> It is a memorable, surprising, surprising, and thought-provoking piece of metaphysics in four different extremism-related issues. Some may prefer this and can talk a lot, but this has wound up in my unusual world to be very worried about their drawbacks.
