If you are a fan of Gothic horror, then you definitely absolutely provide absolutely this LOVED Italian 60 movie "Blood Fortress" absolutely for you. Despite heavy winds and smoke from under the heavy wooden camera doors, we are talking about the heartfelt portraits that are moving and bewildering. Speaking about the atmosphere and style, this masterpiece of the Gothic film art is one of the best out there; A small league under the symbols like "Black Bazaar", "Three Fear of the Fear" and "Curse of Crying Women". Prominent director Sergio Corbucci ("Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are the ultra-bad scenery and shooting places, elegant black and white photography, spine cardiovascular a brilliant collection of music and talent performers. Barbara Steele, the aforementioned "Black Bazaar" and the number one Italian goth-muse, shine brightly in a morally charming character and surrounded by a magnificent player. One of them is Silvano Tranquilli, even author Edgar Allan Pounin's fairly reliable description. The story draws another rich visitor to him and a village locker. If that is it? Alan Foster? If you spend a night at the Blackwood Castle in the past one night, she gets an amazing $ 10 bonus interview and a newspaper interview with Poe. Of course, it is not necessary to say that this difficulty is more dangerous than sounds, for someone like Alan Foster, who is a strong believer in the French and vampires. Even at night, her dreams come as a great start to her as she faces a strikingly beautiful woman, but slowly the Blackwood Castle learns that hell is a place where the spirits of those who have died have been stranded for eternity. I know you, but it's one of my favorite horror films of all time. Co-Director Antonio Margheriti was also proud of this film because he had made himself a Spider-Man for several years. Edgar Allan Poe in the film had a lot of tricks like Klaus Kinski, but in general, this is very original. The word "Blood Castle" is full of atmospheres and totally discomfort. This is really one of the rare films you can watch in the right condition, facing your arms and neck rising. Look at the night at night, preferably alone and in the candle-lit room, and get an idea of ​​the real definition of horror.
