Antonio Margheriti's "Danza Macabra" aka. In 1964, "The Castle of Blood" was a beautiful and incredible haunting masterpiece of the Italian Gothic Horror and Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" (aka "Black Bazaar") in 1960 and Roger Corman's 1961 "Pit and Pendulum" (played by the great Vincent Price) should see another beautiful appearance that the most important woman in the history of the beautiful Barbara Steele has won a decent reputation as a Horror symbol. But just fine and brilliant Barbara Steele, the scenario of Danza Macabra, one of the most beloved actress of all time, was written by writer Sergio Corbucci. "Django" (1966) and "Great Silence" (1968). In Italy's No. 2 (after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti is one of Gothic Horror's all-time masters and "The Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly the greatest achievement. Another confused movie works in a brilliant way to create an incredibly amazing, yet beautiful atmosphere, as it is a creepy masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Famous writer Edgar Allen Poe faces an angry London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts the bounty from the noble, at night in his soulhouse at the night of all souls. When Foster's strange fortress enters, mysterious things happen. A little later, he faces a magnificent resident of the castle, surprisingly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). However, the mystery happening so far has only prevented the fears of castle bears, but ... <br /> Simply, this fierce fortress setting is enough to create a terrific mood, excellent black and white cinematography, and Riz Ortolani creates an unusual ugly atmosphere as compared to a large score. Beautiful Barbara Steele is always fantastic, just because I can not find enough words to describe this beautiful actress. No other actress, like Steele, could literally unite the beauty of a merger, and no actress would ever be. In addition to Steele, there is another beauty Margarete Robsahm in the filming and it also offers a great performance. George Rivieren's performance as Alan Foster is great and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Blood Fortress" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele has one of its best performances, compares cinematography and places, has a beautiful atmosphere ... The film is simply the perfect atmosphere of the atmosphere, Gothic beauty and terrorism. In short: Blood Castle is one of the most atmospheric and largest Gothic Horror films ever to be released by anyone interested in the genre! 10/10
