The story is one of the key features of the story, but Leslie Howard and Bette Davis are Philip Carey, a lover of loyalty and Mildred Rogers, the undisputed purpose of her lovers, that this movie is far beyond the standard melodrama. Philip, who is sensitive, culture, is unlike a characteristic character who is primarily linked to his infatuation for a large portion of the picture and then regretted for a few years after Mildred - Ashley Wilkes, to make the South Brain very fragile during the Reconstruction very elegant and worthy. Does Philip really resign from his disappointment before he comes to Mildred's picture? Still, the art teacher does not look particularly striking when he does not do it as an artist. <br /> <br /> Though dedicated to the memory of Leyli Howard, the song "Human Bondage" has been largely considered. like a Bette Davis, maybe he fought with Jack Warner to get a part of Mildred, and maybe the film audience is willing to choose characters with a strong energy. Mildred may have been an embarrassing voice, but he also has a stained glass-like beauty of Philip himself, which is quite clearly understood to cause him to leave for a long time. Even though Mildred's eating may sometimes seem somewhat dim, he sometimes benefits the audience, as he knows when he is ill and that Philip is the only person who never cares for him. When the Philippines accuses him of looking at him for not being "good" enough, he can do something. (Philip and Norah confirmed the scene in which they dump romantic magazines for kitchen workers). Most supportive characters are also effective, especially when Philip's sensitive romantic writer Norah Mildred can never compete with Mildred and Sally, who enjoys the beauty and Norah's dignity, and appears to have been rewarded by a worthy woman Philip. <br /> <br /> The only character Sally had left was Sally's eccentric, an aristocratic father who seemed to be a stock form early in the era. <br /> <br /> A classic who trusts him.
