This film is about sexual harassment. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This man is a woman taken. She is not a beautiful girl, because she is a sexual person. Now the film does not come out and says, but it's clear. There is a man in the movie that all people googly eyes on it. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she can not read and she really does not look at anyone, a flirt. The man in the coffee is open to the customers. One day Phillip came to the store to say good-bye to a painter's painter, but when they saw him, they got bored. He starts buying things, even paying for his apartment. At the same time he sees other people and gives no secret. He is dreaming of him as an angel, but he is no angel. He always thinks about it. His middle school classes are even unsuccessful. Nookie is very good. She wants to marry, but she refuses her because she is married to another boy. She always knows that she really does not always feel love for her. She breaks her heart, but she meets another woman. Although they look nice, they still see Bimbo's dreams. Mildred comes back with a baby and unwed. Phillip takes him back, but with a friend he begins to come, the bulb comes a bit and takes it out. He does things that know his work, tries to betray him, does not work well, and continues to burn his right to education. We have a problem that a club has a foot, and a street teenager with the same problem has alleviated it. She meets a girl named Sally, which shows her old age as long as Mildred waits. Well, she does not study at school and can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father get into her. Soon his uncle, who brought him back to life, dies and gets paid to become a doctor. Meanwhile, Mildred finds that she needs her again. There is tuberculosis. Meanwhile, Sally is heading down the Primrose pathway to the marriage, and she gets the job of evaporation. Finally bimbo dies, and Phillip announces his release now and marries Sally. I told him what you wanted. Now I know that I will not give any meaning to my character. But Phillip was a bad guy. Yes, Mildred is a Strumpet, but he knows it and returns. She has two girlfriends who love her, but she acts like a snack. I think sex is not good. However, women who are waiting in Mildre are dogs. Mildred, the pregnant man, is already married and Philip asks him what he wants to do about Baby (probably the baby's name) laughs, is closed, he has no intention of supporting her and his child, and she is rich. Sally's 9-year-old father tells a lot about bad things about women, but says he is an old trader. Philip does not deceive his feelings. The man uses Mildred as a Boy Boy, but the men in this film go out without wounds. Yes, he was not a respectable woman, but an amnesty. For me, sexual desire for Philip and Mildred, the problem of truth.
