Yes, there is a beautiful example in preparing about 70 unusual films here! "What's with Helen?" it's pretty shocking and uncomfortable, but it's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated way! This would certainly be a bad and flawless exploitation story in the hands of any other film group, but director Curtis Harrington ("Everyone Slew Auntie Roo?") And filmmaker Henri Farrell ("Hush! Hush! Sweet Charlotte" the main part of the film is absolutely terrible, but there are more stories of Valentine's stories, an atmosphere of a 1930s and a lot of songs to sing and dance as a cran-dance! this film is so unique that we were surprised with the music, religion, theater and cabinet of that time in the 1930s, after a long and tiring judgment that sentenced her sons to life imprisonment for murdering Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and opened a dance school for young talented girls trying to build a new life. Adelle, in particular, adheres to a new millionaire because he is in love with a local millionaire, but the old Helen continues to dive down on an argument and paranoid spiral. He listens only to a radio-evangelist ramblings, his son is punished for his crimes and the fear that will slowly develop severe tendencies. The scenario is well-written, though not completely empty, and the film is temporarily unstable. Singing, tap-dancing, and tango sequences have been extensively extended and there is no nervous moment in the form of "what's with Helen", although it does not have much to do with the actual plot. But the atmosphere is constantly harmful, and the film certainly benefits from Shelley Winters's terrible performance. It's a few minutes longer, and it's more horrible than the last ten minutes, or even more awful than Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers, and it's awful awful like introvert lady! There are some awesome support characters that have just been slightly improved and less likely to be robbed, such as a modest elocultus teacher like Michéal MacLiammóir, as a modest guest in the women's home, like Agnes Moorehead, creepy priest and Timothy Carey. Among us there are a few surprising horrible scenes and real shock moments to enjoy for Grand Guignol fanatics, but especially designed numbers and suit designs (even forward to Oscar!) Breathtaking.
