The lady from Shanghai is strangely surprised by even the most famous director Orson Welles, the latest Hollywood movie for many months. More conventional films of this type are a type of post-modern movie made during a very popular period, and is linked to a lucky lucky Irish sailor (played by Welles) who falls with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, Rita Hayworth). then he married Welles) and his crippled and perhaps disadvantaged husband, played with a clever, nasty game by Everett Sloan. A long off-road trip follows Welles's footsteps, when Sloan's law partner, Glenn Anders, returns and when a person is making trouble talking alone about suicidal and other morbid matters, A murder group emerges and follows all disasters for Welles and employers, and at this point, a fuzzy story and a far-reaching story, the deep ends, and the last part of the film is not just a glimpse of the brilliant director, The apparent directives that have been left out for belonging to him, and his outcome are often remarkable and often unpleasantly surprising. <br /> <br /> Welles is hard to find out whether she is trying to pull this movie out, perhaps by making her husband a career in Hollywood. Self-destruction often interferes with Velles, and Miss Hayworth has never accepted it. Like the femme fatale, the most delicate feature of the screen is that it is not of this quality, as it seems to be an outward appearance. The director himself, unexpectedly, is a strange seafarer in O'Hara, all invisible and all. Because Welles is not known as an easy man to work with all his many gifts. This may cause Sean Connery or Robert Shawun to enter the breathing world twenty-thirty years later. Welles is not. The most exciting performance in the film, Glenn Anders' Grisby, is Sloan's loony, a treacherous law partner. Anders, part of the miracle work, and often reproduces scenes while staging scenes with strange, rare notes; but for all this, Grisby is able to do something that distorts and disturbs her, and smiling, waiting for more neat Meteo actors than a 50-year-old, like Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> Prints me about this movie: What did Welles mean to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man, and he was inclined to make statements in his movies, whether he was satisfied with someone's outlook. I think I have a response, or partially: Welles has summed up his career in the movie. He reached the end of the rope despised in the Hollywood studio system and knew it. Prince of Shanghai's daylight studio is not exactly nonsense in the mogul, but I suspect he is in the portrait (manufacturers) of the immoral, rival big shooting lawyers, the idea of ​​Welles's power brokers in Hollywood. He explains himself as a sailor. Welles himself, of course, was a hardworking traveler, and he rarely lived in a place for a long time. He was hired by a studio to provide him with a major reputable film (Citizen Kane), which led to unresolved disputes. This is Welles' personal failure, which does not speak in the movie, that is, he can not get the shock of his innovations in the movie colony and fail to convey his goods as promised. As events unfolded in Hollywood, as a loyal participant in the film, he could not have been aware of the disasters that had taken place in his control. She shows that she knows self-knowing about the part of Welles she presents in the film as an unpleasant, naive outcry. He was more than a player, and I think he is treating his knowledge about the secular aspects of life and that he himself is also a lot of things to do.
