This is consisted of 9 pages called "Mr. Welles Memo for Memo for Doctor Bay Cohn" written by Orson's studio ink, Harri Konun's one-hour version (an hour): <br /> <br /> Preview the author was composed by George Antheil, composer, musician, although he did not write in our pictures, but this temporarily captivated musical music had a dark and dangerous mood united with a beautiful and romantic thing that was acceptable ... The only music that appeared in this composer (Heinz Roemheld) the idea of ​​a popular song - "theme" as much as possible - as many arrangements as possible. "Do not Kiss Me" for each bridge, as well as for a great deal of background material Tune is pleasant, it can work very well in Hit Parade - but the Lady comedy from Shanghai Not Roemheld it's because of the severity of an old goal referred to in our workplace, like "Disney." In other words, if someone falls, the "dropping" voice in the orchestra and so on. If ... If you torn out others and phone numbers in the laboratory negatively, results ... Before you go to the exit, Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) asked for a crash near a taxi driver and someone who wants to put a little in the dialogue. I believe that it would be a perfect cutter ... in the slow-opening sequence maintaining very handy images (which did not take into account the major vulnerabilities of the film's opening rod). Rita's dancing to a great orchestra crescendo ... What's the beauty of Rita ... The ghosts of Grigsby's character and Michael's shock. Any or all of these items may have inspired music. Instead, diving is regarded as a great peak at Silly Symphony or as soon as it is understood: pratfall by Pluto Pup, or skip somewhere by Donald Duck ... There is no sound environment on the boat. He missed a little wind and water. As seen in front of a process screen, there is no point in drawing a scene on a real boat ... At the top of a picnic queue ... a very interesting, temporal Latin American genocide ... This is a rooted "dramatic" sequel - with bad stock products ... This kind of music destroys the quality of stranginess that Shanghai Khan can only save from the devil. There is a great music performance after Grigsby's line. "I would like you to kill him." It's absurd ... Hawaiian guitar music from the radio ... it needed to have enough slavery to create a certain satirical point. As is currently the case with the rest of the goal. No one in the audience could doubt that we were shocked ... Aquarium scene needs more echoes. "Please Do not Kill Me" Again! ... Bad dubbing and poor scoring destroyed the character of Michael from the bridge. With a lot of time and effort, a careful noise was set up before the phone rang with a gun. For some reason, this pushed in favor of an indefinite hullabaloo. As a result, all sequences are boring ... The audience at this point should feel with Michael, perhaps they are crazy. The new dubbing job can only make them fall asleep ... The gunfire with crashing mirrors should not be supported by music ... The last music is again "Please Do not Kiss Me" "... It's financially illogical in terms of finale and flawlessly completing the picture no injuries ". <br /> <br /> All adjustments made from Orson were ignored
