I'm a little surprised and disappointed in one of the many negative comments made by this movie. I think he is a great horror / philosophy. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) Saturn's date back to Earth after a flight to space. Despite being in space, he contracted some strange and unknown illnesses. She wakes up in a hospital bed, looks at a mirror, and fills her face in front of her eyes! Running away from hospitals, hides in some local trees surrounding a small city. Unfortunately, he begins to develop rapidly growing hunger, which can be enjoyed by other people. He must feed the human body and drink the blood of the survivors! It begins to dominate the terrorism that protects human predators! Her old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) helps her find and help her. General Perry (Myron Healey) should work alone if he wants to keep it quiet. Nelson can not even tell her husband Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) doubts that General Perry is taking advantage of the start of some of the local population. I do not understand why this film has received negative interpretations, what are people waiting for? Anyway, I love this movie. The star of the film, Rik Bakers, is a Special Makeup and, in most cases, dark effects that are perfect, and in fact, all their prosthetic effects and no garbage are the terrible CGI they are even better. The writer and director, William Sachs, are not afraid to use them, and take a couple of beautiful long-lasting shots of an incredibly immaculate man, and now they stand out well. Photography, music and direction are a little fun, but enough professional. The scenario creates an impression on the monster, which is a shooting that tends to look intensely at the Ted Nelson home or reflects on several waters. The end of a kind at a large factory is pretty low, so I do not expect a happy ending. What surprised me. Also, if the script really does not do anything, it's just a little simpler, trying to stop it by your friend, just going around melting and killing. Personally, I think the worst part of the movie is when a fat nurse runs a hospital corridor in a slow motion, its excitement is described in a slow motion, looks and totally sounds funny! You must see this to believe! I love this movie and invite you to the horrors of the 70s and 80s. A little my favorite.
