Many critics, R.W. Fassbinder, as well as his hero, Wilkie and the Nazis, was distressed by the fact that he portrayed a human being in this film. Participants in the other Fassbinder films will realize that Lili Marleen (1981) is "female films" such as Fussbinder's "Maria Braun's Wedding" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). According to Fassbinder, women can "say stories better than men" because, according to Fassbinder, "men are able to think dialectically while men are usually performing certain roles in society." Dialectics, as in our black-and-white world, are not a thesis and its antithesis but a synthesis of the opponents. Moreover, because of the third example of dialectical synthesis, the absolute opposition between the quick and antithesis is abolished. Speaking specifically: Underground warriors starting from a dialectic point of view and describing the fascist state must use the basic tools, such as the absolute rulers, between criminals and victims so there is a cunning connection, as every criminals are victims and each victim is a criminal. Fassbinder describes this abstract scheme below the classic logic of Daniel Schmid, titled "The City, Trash and Death" (1975), titled "The Shadow of the Angels" (1976). Therefore, as a priori controversial subject, like the Nazi Germany, is dialectrically approaching, this time it is more controversial to describe a film, in particular, the recognition of the world is inexhaustible with the primitive lighting scheme, but the third synthesis as an example of control over the thesis and antithesis of members against the case. Mutual relationships between criminals and victims should be investigated, because criminals are good at bad ones and victims. From synthetic point of view, bad guys take good care of those who are good at evil. They are interrelated. In a secular glance based on classical logic, the relationship between good and evil can not be detected and this insufficient logic system is based on an ethical basis based on the evil conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germans, the actions of their ancestors, the possibility of these two relationships, and hence a new contains a synthesis in the form of evaluation. Fassbinder's dialectical view is that neither Lili Marleen, nor Lola, nor Maria Braun's "use" power system can be condemned for specific purposes because they use not only theirs. Instead, the victims should repeat the actions of the victims, not as simple mirror pictures, as in "good" and "bad" two values, their strategies are black and white rather than black and white, and the logic of a logic that describes our world legalized.
