After Garto's Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie" sang, Jacques Feyder prepared the German version of the movie, except for Garbo, all the castings were different. The American version still exists in the United States, and most American viewers first see this version, though Germans "Anna Christie" appears more in Europe. As I see both films, I feel the right to compare two closely related products. Is Jacques Feyder different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I'd like to pay attention to the relationship between the two films, first and foremost. They have the same sets, very similar scripts, and the same chronological scenes. Here, you can also find the story of a young woman trying to return to her father and to build a new life in a few years. Here, in the entertaining park, there is a little short, consecutive, but humorous. However, Garbo emphasizes, I speak of the first. This is not of interest in the conversation. The viewer is more than just talking to audiences in 1931. Garbo was very good at the American movie, and here's a great deal. However, it seems to me that the German version is even more sincere. Garbo says many words (as if it were created by scenario scenario: GARBO TALKS!). His German language is not very good; Do not care about anyone: everything is completely understood. That's why I can easily say something in my American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> But the film differs in a very important matter: the rest of the castle. Here's a question: Which picture is more attractive, which one is better? Differences are different. Garboun's life spouse Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman) does not do much the same thing as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. He is not bad, sometimes different, sometimes (today's perspective) prevails, but still plays the role of Marie Dressler and we are still thrilled and the moments of time completely stopped testing. Some people even claim that Dressler is better than Garbo in the film, and this idea, of course, seems to bear some doubts. <br /> <br /> Matthew Matt is more sympathetic to Matt than Bickford, but when applied, Matt. <br /> <br /> Who is the German "Anna Christie" Hann Junkermann has a great interest in Anna's father, Chris Christopherson. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann resembles a night and night difference. Junkermann describes a man who is a real alcoholic addict, hopeful, frightened, overdid his daughter. The first meeting scene with Anna's father is truly spectacular, and the opening moment of Kris's talk with Marthy is particularly memorable thanks to his face-proofs and flawless work. Junkermann, your favorite Chris, will sometimes laugh at anybody who falls into the shape of a skilful, clever alcoholic sailor. Adults! <br /> <br /> If you see America's Anna Christie and have the chance to get the German version, I'll recommend this movie at a very high level, because it looks a bit different from this story, a beautiful and accurate comparison, Clarence Braun is a wonderful opportunity to discover the amazing richness of the film and the surprise of performance at the outset: Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
