Joan Fontaine is convincing here that it is an amoral beauty that can not fully feel love for anyone else. Her husband (Richard Ney) did not live in a small room, little or no prospect, losing all costs and loss. They continue to think that the most beautiful clothes are and that nothing is wrong. He is not a charming, prostitute, but a lover. At the same time, Fontaine is forced to go because of its usefulness. So she decides to give her poison when she realizes she does not want to divorce her. He was also a lover (Patric Knowles), and decided not to go because he was not rich. He meets Fontaine, the old Herbert Marshall, who has more money than he can even figure out how to spend. He is aiming and decides what to do. She is very eager to be eaten by a young beauty. She is, of course, not very interesting and has many sexual references like yesterday's omelet. But Fontaine's eyes are just one of those ghosts waiting for money, and the person standing between him is transparent because he sees himself and looks at what he wants and goes for it, even when he feels or does not. She continues to poison her husband, and she sends her very tidy and happy because everything goes well. However, as always, in movies and sometimes in life, some unexpected things begin to go wrong and the tension rises, so Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is particularly good at looking bad and terrified, and when the net starts to approach her, she feels a sense of despair and keeps us on the edge of our seats. Hysteria and fear pass through cool computing and cunning. But she found a boy who committed a crime in a lover of her lover who was an innocent victim of her scheme to build her. He was dying for the murder, because his husband died without poison, and suddenly it was light. However, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, a strange Scottish Board Inspector, thinks that something might happen, and the story and suspicion that Fontaine begins to question. He closes it and some of the scenes that occur are wildlife-related images. But can the life of an innocent man be saved before his death? Will Fontaine pave the way for this? Herbert Marshall will protect him from his exaggeration? This film is featured by Sam Wood and the movie is truly a perfectly suspense, presuming that it is perfectly suited for the description of a premier movie.
