"Umi wa miteita" was a movie by Akira Kurasawa, his adaptation of his favorite novelist Shugoro Yamamoto's story to the film was his latest mark on his brilliant career. <br /> <br /> The 19th-century story in Japan explores the lives of women in Geisha's home, exploring the life of Geisha, the sole purpose of her home. Making money by happy people in life. The house is run by an elderly couple who are brave and is a magical group of women who know how to trade boxes and who are proud of their careers. There is every reason to go back to Geisha's life. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports its family living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has its customers with both high and advanced features. Oshin loves samurai who is in danger, loves the subtle man, but finds out that she does not marry her castle and has not left her tastes to marry her happy marriage. The heart of the heart is easily covered, but is always supported emotionally and physically by Kikuno and other adolescents. <br /> <br /> A beautiful samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Osh's life and develops the first reliable and loyal relationship with him. Kikuno solves the problems, decides to accept the humble lifestyle of an elderly person who wants to marry her and decide to fight a rich, but insulting client. The sea is watching and suddenly suddenly sits on the roof waiting for the rescue rig provided by Ryosuke, while suddenly destroying the house and the street. The end of the story is sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea is watching and will be protected for true love. <br /> <br /> Photography by Kazuo Okuhara is breathtaking: nightly landscapes with shimmering lanterns and colored geisha interiors are both calm and turbulent. The player has slightly decreased for the art of Edo, but the characters are well-established and the story is valid. A distraction that shows that Gurosava is not necessarily something is an elegant Western music account, called a cheap soap opera filler, except for the isolated moments when real Japanese music tracks the true instrument. But in the end, Kurosava has enough influence to leave this movie with a miracle of wonder, which will always keep its importance in world cinema. Grady Harp
