This can be one of my favorite horror films. The ensemble is a rich, classic product with a great peak of actors, beautiful cinematography, noisy musical honey, intelligent and romantic theme, and a fears and danger atmosphere. Young, sensual women reminiscent of classic films like ROSEMARY'S BABY and SHINING are being sacrificed by supernatural forces in the old, creepy buildings in the past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a New York City fashion model called Alison Parker. His happy, exterior masks become a deep controversial and troublesome spirit. It twice attempted to commit suicide twice with a woman in the past, and she showed her into the bed of two women and threw them into a silver crucifix. and for the second time, his wife's spouse-wife's wife committed suicide after learning to work with her husband. Brooklyn Heights is a beau (sung by neat CHRIS SARANDON) that lives in a year or more where the old Brooklyn Heights brownies responds to the name of a newspaper for a full-sized, spacious one-room apartment. This building is virtually available and is located on 10 Montague Terras by the Brooklyn Heights Promenade over Remsen Avenue. Manufacturers are actually in the building and in their apartments, of course, should pay for the residents' concerns. Real Estate Agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER) sees Alice's interest in buying apartments - with only 6% commission that she can earn. In particular, he quickly lowered the rent price from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and after leaving the building, Miss Logan sees an elderly man sitting and looking at the top floor window. Miss Logan recognizes her as Father Halliran and states that Alisona is blind. Alison's reaction is very illogical - "Blind, then what does it look like?" Alison meets with other residents of the building after moving, including a lesbian couple playing by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, providing Alison with a welcome welcome. Alison's mental health and physical well-being begin to deteriorate rapidly and wound up spells without losing headaches or wounds. Miss Lugana has been cursed for the last three years in this building when she is concerned about the blind cave and now no one has ever lived when Miss Lugana is worried about her worries about metal and loud footprints on the night. One night he invites his courage to challenge his sinner, armed with a butcher knife and a lamp, and goes upstairs. He faces the cancerous spectrum of his dead father, and then uses a knife against him when he comes. The police are investigating and there is no sign of violence in this apartment - body, blood, nothing. But Alison escaped from the building and collapsed in the bloodstained street. But there is a badge on it. Alison will not be able to figure out that this work in coffee is not a goal until the film's arrangement. For some reason, there was one reason why the Bible was in the garden of Eden and the angel Uriel placed at his entrance to protect himself from the Devil. The Catholic Church is assimilated and prepped in an unknown way to overcome an important role that will guarantee the surviving spirit of its two suicide attempts. At the same time, "invisible" neighbors who are more than just strange oddballs have a different agenda for him. This is a well-organized and intelligent film, and the first thing that describes the church and its representatives in a very sincere light.
