Michael Winner is known for his "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but as he proved to be "The Sentinel" in 1977, he is equally talented as the director of a hidden horror film. The "Sentinel," based on the novel by John Konvitz, is a sneaky and terrifying creepy listener. The film is obviously inspired by successful secret classics such as Rosemary's Baby, Exorcist or Omen, but as I'm concerned, it's as easy as it is to widespread films and maybe <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model of New York. Allison, who has been damaged in his past incidents and still does not want to marry his lawyer (Chris Sarandon), finds a great, incredibly beautiful, well-suited to an old palace in Brooklyn. The new apartment, on the one hand, comes with a very strange tenant. And bad new neighbors are getting more and more concerned about Alice soon ... This can be enough plot syntax, but I do not hate the biggest moments of this movie, so I will not describe any of the plot. But I will say that "The Sentinel" is a very strange and effective film, which is caused by a great shot, as well as from a strange and constantly unusual atmosphere. Here, the director Michael Winner and the writer John Connis also influenced the outcome of the truth that he played as a producer. The film is made with imaginary pictures and the old Brooklyn palace is a fantastic place for such a movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is dark and creepy and also includes a few shock moments and original scary. The film has very bad and eccentric characters and the castle is perfect. Beautiful Kristina Raines plays Allison Parker, a true and still losing mind. Chris Sarandon is also a good lover, a successful lawyer, and has a great deal of names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger. The castle includes Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and my personal lover Eli Wallach as murder murder detective. For a long time I've been a great fan of director Michael Winner for movies like Death Wish and Chato's Land. "The Sentinel" is a bigger movie in the repertoire of Winner and this man proves to be an atmospheric secret hero, not just a fierce vengeful actor. Generally, "The Sentinel" is a creepy, clever and strange charming chiller that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
