Directed by Michael Winner, director / writer, is far better than the unusual supernatural horror movie, which still works, while still chocolate for effective food. They may get insights from other similar basic horror films of this era, but still can bring their own psychological traces to a unique look that has a fair share of tissue material (good and bad) and ineffective expansion. maintenance kits. In general, it is interesting to be interested in a heavy-duty instinct without sketchy, but without going to gangs with fear. In fact, there is always something going on between the busy frame, but its shocks and shocks have been rapidly reduced to fit the atmosphere. The winner's ability to work can be felt on the pedestal, but is it really the place that holds it together? as you try to look at your faces. There are too many. Some have more to do with the scheme than others, but above all, there is no doubt that despite the nature of both of these things. Parts of Sylvia Miles are particularly interested in seeing names such as Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (clean lawn), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger. Then there is gentlely treacherous Chris Sarandon and the moving beautiful Cristina Raines. Joze Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. Scenarios are thrown around many characters, concepts, but they try to squeeze it all. But this prevents the airflow in its favor to create doubts and deceptions of what actually happened. All this has a reason, and why does the Raines cover the character? The focus is mainly on this moody angle because it slowly slows down the lighting and the strange / horrible experiences it faces when entering a new apartment. Winner tries to draw naked shades that design some icy moments. Gil Melle was a responsible person to consider a great, overpowering orchestral honey that would never miss photography as a cue and Richard C. Kratina instruments, swept, covered.
