The conflict between machines and humanity in the Matrix world is the first part of the two-part story, and it presents a spectacular way to unleash human fear and political politics, escape from extensive religious and historical illustrations, observations, and observations. the expected images of the parties and at least partly incredible and thus terrifying vision in the near future. this is not perfect, and a few point points and looks at one moment are open and impeccable, but have the effect and effect and say a viceral and clever tale. <br /> <br /> This is the first part of the scenario - human societies' population, unscrupulous work, labor, construction and so on. to serve the people who serve them, mainly developed humanly developed and capable robots, and therefore the population was lazy and disrespectful to them. a robot, however, accuses the murderer of the next hearing he does not want to kill. <br /> <br /> Tiananmen square, genocide and a human being an extremely provocative scene of a robot in her baby's head, fluttered at her head, and then she was killed by saying, "I'm real." tears and tears the floor, the clothes and the skin. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this first episode resembles a compressed version of the movie "I Robot", but this soon turns out to be a well-known Matrix story because the surviving robot is deported and the author tells us that in the Middle East , the cradle of civilization. where the machines are rebuilt and begin to produce new EU, produce mass technology and trade with the people. we see a car that uses the circular powered vehicles used by rebels in the film, and we see robots that fly around Zero One, the name of their city. encourage their commodity and trade economics to endanger other economies and, in response to human governments and authorities, are in a block. Machines are negotiating a peace settlement of the UN Congress by sending ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve, but they are forcibly removed and the scene is assigned to the war in the second part. The animation is designed by Studio 4 ° C, which works on quite a bit of Animatrix, and is evocative and visually stimulating, showing different scenes such as image montage, CCTV imagery and special scenes, and perfectly present the story in general. . the plot can not be a genuine concept and can be drawn to simple simpler elegance and plot models and may refer to provocative materials for impact, but after the tantalizing mystery presented by the first film and Morpheus's indefinite short information dumps, this beautiful exposition and many human observations and comments, the EU's development, the importance of harmony and co-operation, and the warnings of a destructive structure, as well as the means of working as a means of disaster, the consequences of conflicts and prejudices, and broader topics in the films.
