Small Spoiler Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a successful top model living in the apartment with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon). In the past he tried to commit suicide twice: for the first time, when he was a teenager and deceived two women and his mother in his father's house, then Mikayil's wife died. Since then, he has left the Church of Christ and the Catholic Church. Alison wants to live alone in her own home and has found a beautiful furniture in Brooklyn Heights with the help of real estate agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner). He sees a strange person in the window on the last floor of the building and declares that Father John Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), a single priest supported by the Miss Logan Catholic Church. Alison moves to a new location and once hosts him: his neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) accepts him and introduces his new neighbors. Later, he invites Alison to Izeyel's birthday party. The next day, with Alison, strange things happen in his apartment and in health. Alison was looking for Miss Logan and reportedly lived alone with the priest in the building. Further investigation indicates that all those who knew the party were murdered. When he was afraid of the situation, Michael re-affirmed Christ again while looking at the creepy events. Alison understands that he lives in hell. <br /> <br /> Despite the underrated IMDb User Rating, 'The Sentinel' is one of the best scary movies. For the first time in the 70s, I saw this movie at least six times. On September 7, 2002, I bought an imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie again. After a long time, such a movie is still terrible. This creepy and strange story is so scary these days. Cast stars and starlets are not a constellation. Many actors and actresses are popular at the start of the career. The admirer of the horror film, of course, is worshiping 'The Sentinel' and I am one of them. </ strong> <br /> <span style = "font-size: I saw this movie again.
