When watching closing credits in Europe, it was the first thing I was thinking about, and I did not see a single technical genius in all life, so Europa's visions were so impressive that any movie would be faded to look at a book of the review, Mr. Ridley Scott, forget about the Hollywood cinema, and Europe has more than two years of beautiful beauty than anything else. Now I believe that only Lars von Trier will be a genius behind the films that violate waves and dancers of "Dark", but this is a ridiculous fact that Europa has long been distinguished by film experts. film crime, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life, are a great way to clean up the Academy Awards (but knows what's happening), hiding from Europa, and pictures (until recently) on any English TV channel. <br /> <br /> The images in Europa are not the MTV glow; is not a style on a substance, but rather a style-making item. As his first film Criminum, von Trier uses the main characteristic to drive us into the world and, like Element, was hypnotized by the main character of the movie (or Europa, the audience). While we are moving down the tracks, the Narrator (Max von Sydow) takes us to sleep deeply until Europe is awakened. This allows von Trier and his three cinematography to pay for the time and vision conventions. A black-and-white character on the background is intertwined with a person who will be colorful, and Europa has many scenes. , von Trier tries to show how much the color or substance of a person is on the field, for example, the first shooting of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is not surprising, because he is the only character who dominates the movie. <br /> <br /> The presentations are good, they may not be the same as in the next von Trier films, but sometimes they draw attention to something that really is not the first time you will not miss them. But I would like to note the fantastic performance Jean-Marc Barr plays as a slowly warning party by the two-sided party until it comes to a decisive film. As soon as the muck ends up, the movie hero ends up with his horrifying location, just as von Sydow narrates his fate, will not be able to wake up his nightmare situation. Europa is a great movie and I can not help thinking about how Trier thinks of leaving this shooting technique, because he was one of the most talented visual actors working at that time, and Europe is full of rich iconographies like the rest of his kinematic ball. It is dedicated to the composition and mise-en-scene, although it does not use its sound and production design, is unrivaled. But his non-fraudulent melodrama, after breaking the waves and dancers in the night, could argue, but it seems to be a loss of creative talent. 10/10
