I pulled out a VHS box in my extensive collection - a very unexpected - a box similar to a box I thought was fun and yes bad. The cats' eyes of the 80's came out onto this box. I sat down and looked, and they saw! Well, sometimes we're taking a movie, taking into account our expectations. Fortunately, I quickly turned it back and soon pulled a good movie, not a good movie. The prison asked for a re-opening of an old, closed prison for budget troubles. It looks creepy and is full of prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story used by a prisoner is expressed in the prologue of a man who has been killed by an electric chair as a central setting. We see Lane Smith as a guardian - to be crucified before sending people to his Creator. Then, let's go to the present day, we went to a government meeting at a meeting that first decided to open the prison and sent a wonderful doctor to make sure that the conditions were acceptable when resolutely encouraged to re-open the old prison. Then we saw a new bedroom, Lane Smith, with a nightmare on the bed - and she was given a new job to open a prison for years. Yes, the rest is in the suit: prisoners and guards are full of many stereotypes. We are given some depth of character, and several detainees are interesting characters. Leader Lane Smith is always better than one who is able to work as a worker. Viggo Mortenson is a very different prisoner. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister, and Ivan Kane are really exploring the boundaries of stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is as good as the women's leadership. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatric, a well-known actress known as Cresus. "Hell" is not the best, but a prisoner living in the same prison when the "man" is in prison. Bread or something like this has been sliced, but nevertheless, nevertheless, it is better than most anticipated. Rennie Harlin director Rennie Harlin created a delightful impression of such a visual atmosphere. Some temples and Harlin can set their own scenes, with a few extreme scenes - as little as the barbed wire, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. it seems that the scenario is closely related to one another, and may sometimes belong to Irwin Yablans, who wrote this story. It is worth reminding that he came up with the idea of ​​presenting Halloween fears as a holiday. This is more scary than imprisonment here. Prison break (take it away).
