The cashless budgetary horror here is a relatively original place, one of the most familiar faces and one of the most convincing place in the history of horror films. So, can anyone tell me why this film is completely underrated? The "Prison" is the first American debut ever made, though Finley's director Harlin has produced strange direct hit such as Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger, and Deep Blue Sea. The story takes place in completely antiquated and decisive Wyoming Prison, and in other, more modern state penitentiaries, it reopens for most of the population. Inside the old executive dungeons, the last victim of the electrical chair is still living in anxiety. Now, 40 years ago, when this innocent man was murdered, spiritual Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there, and the soul still remembers his evil role in unfair trial. As it turned out, the time of revenge has come. <br /> <br /> There are more than half a dozen memorable information in the "Prison". "Vyggo Mortensen" is a good car thief who has to prevent a larger body number and Chelsea Field is slowly becoming a humanist social worker who has uncovered the past. you will face a direct sequence, but you will be opposed to it. Unlike any other terrible picture of ten years, "Prison" has incredible realism! Of course, I do not belong to the original scenery and mood in the prison walls, of course, of the supernatural killings ... though these are really worrying. The best part of the film is the images of real and harsh prison-drama dramas combining with intense confusion and shocking horror. The absolute best moment of terror is focused on the grizzly deaths that surround the barbed wire (which makes me feel awkward since I've been through a very strange age). Haunting !! The scenario is only a defect, but this is a common thing ... almost inevitable: clichés! The story presents nearly all stereotypes in a nearby prison. With his "sweet" player, he has an ugly, greasy obsession, a cowardly and racist watchman preventing any confrontation? naturally old n wise black dependent who has served a lifetime (did you hear the name Morgan Freeman burn)? Do not hide yourself from these clichés, my advice is because there are many other elements to admire. Photography is dark and moist, the secret is long and successfully supported, and the role of supporting B-actors in the classroom is quite good (fan of Tom Everett, Tom's Tiny 'Lister and even immortal horror face Kane Hodder). Do not forget about Wes Craven's god-terrible attempt "Shocker" or terrible cat cheese-flick chair. This is the only prisons to watch! Especially with Viggo Mortensen today, having heard a picnic of amusement (with elves, hobbits, and other fairy tale creatures, I've heard a successful franchise) to get an emergency DVD version of these over 80 miserable horrible concessions!
