Completely tactical, strange (watching the exciting moment of a brilliant blonde hysterical hero who opened for some rich nations), is meaningless, but surely it is late night. The unhinged French production is a stew of casual unfocused ideas and random plot illustrations focused on Alain Delon and Charles Bronson (if somewhat anti-heroes), with very scary stars. Indeed, they do not do their best to safeguard 10,000 possible combinations, especially when they are locked in a long, medium-sized section, during a Christmas rally. Have fun! But when it comes to interesting, interesting relationships between the characters of Delon and Bronson. Having done manipulative battle against each other (and playing one another with each other), they see that they are honored and respected by the participation of each other. In the second half of this story, he could play a part with a crooked ball that was not known. We still think that the encounters they encounter are more, but what we go is uncertain, and what is happening there? The ending end that can skip you. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! We are happy to leave the system. <br /> <br /> Pacing is much slower, but it is neat to it, and deliberately designed to be tensioned with stressful, nervous stress. Look at the same process repeatedly, and something you know is not quite right and comes to the end of planning. Everything that happens now is very self-evident, but extremely benevolent. A difficult, complicated script, probably, is somewhat insidious for its goodness, but there are some neat innovations (coins, bottles and liquids, Jean Herman's direction is efficiently developed and low, but it takes artificial artificial and undesirable icy atmosphere. Sound FX has more features than a strange account of Francois DeRoubaix, which is largely wrapped around after its curling, with Delon (very durable) and Bronson (a jovial turn) firm and work hard for each one. Bernard Fresson acts as Inspector who knows more than what he is headed by Brigitte Fossey and the attractive female casting features supported by Olga Georges Picot. <br /> <br /> The verbal-oriented, but polished criminal drama has two outcomes and a few bizarre Protect your inclusions ur
