This is Jan Renoir Silent, the first to watch, and maybe because it's usually the best thing to do, it's also the best thing to do. Generally, this is a very safe and technically advanced film that really lacks only Renoir's exceptional effort. For filmmakers, future Rennus films are filled with interesting expressions in the low-grade femme fatale desirable by the various aristocrats who reject themselves - CHAMBERMAID (1946) and GOLDEN COACH (1952), as well as GAMING RULES (1939) - in a series of sequences showed that when the hero moved through the back gate of their masters - and FRENCH CANCAN (1955) - at a point in Nana's skandal dance. Personally, I would say that the movie was a companion to GW. The Pabst PANDORA'S BOX (1928), The Blue ANGEL (1930) by Josef von Sternberg and Max Ophuls' Lola Montes (1955), was a critical and commercial failure when released, including the Renoir essence he was remembered as a "mind worker", who did not bring him a single person (some of his late father's paintings), but he left a good movie! Stylistically, NANA Renoir differs greatly from the sound work, and Eric von Stroxem is indebted to a FOOLISH WIVES (1922) movie, Renoir's film is very much appreciated - in fact, the presto (presto Movie DVD and von Stroheims for 4 years). In any case, NANA, of course, is not without its flaws: a deliberate pace is felt for a long time in some sequence (especially mid-horse racing) during a very generous 130-minute running. <br /> The extreme sensitive behavior on the screen is sometimes challenging - especially though Catherine Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain's Georges Hugon (one of her various personalities) ... though technically, their characters are actresses (going to the doctor's lifestyle when going out of the scene) and immature weakness. Like the Golden trainer like Anna Magnani, Hessling (Renoir's spouse, meanwhile) is not quite attractive enough to be as convincing as just "elegance epitome" (describing it at another stage). he can rob everyone who answers. Other cast members include Dr. Caligari himself, Verner Krauss (like Nana's most sensitive leader, Count Muffat), Jan Angelo (initially suspicious, but ultimately as Nana's tragic threat) and future director Claude Autant-Lara (Billed as Claude Moore, director here) Muffat's close friend, but secretly praised the latter with his neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The pressure I have followed through the Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" is basically a beautifully restored and beautifully colored color, which is only available in French. Based on the French classics (less than Emile Zola, less), the two most popular movies are Dorothy Arzner with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill in 1934. In 1955 in the VHS) and Christian-Jaque (not familiar with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer).
