I liked this movie. I'm totally dissatisfied with some of the negative reviews I've read for many years. It was a great tool for Eddie Murphy! He began to spend a lot of time with his own part, like Chandler Jarrell, saying that if he had enjoyed it, he should never pay attention. and most of the audience liked it! And, with Mr. Murphy's great comedy style, he combined some great fantasy tension. Did you forget that the movie "Golden Child" is a fantasy? just a magic and wonder creative work between the "real" world. During the release of this movie, I worked in a video rental store. This is the most popular with all our customers. Every time we put it on our monitor, all the copies we have fast with the expectations we have in the months ahead! Everyone who rents has loved it! I became a resident movie critic, and all regular customers were asking me when I was rented? it was one of my favorites and I knew my clients' tastes, so I would recommend this one. Do I really feel that this movie is a Sleeper? Could he have done a great job at the box office? due to very bad marketing? but then it was high on video rentals and purchases! (YES, I purchased this movie for my own video library!). Am I admiring the little boy playing the "Golden Child"? J. L. Reate - but after seeing his profile on the IMDb, I've never seen more movies. It is sad, because she was definitely aura on the screen and could continue with her movie career. I also called Victor Wong, the Old Man (I liked it as Big Trouble in Little China - 'Egg Shen' in 1986). Anyway, it was a great movie. The only disadvantages that seemed to be incompatible with the subject were some parts of nature that acquired a bit more 'competence'? Chandler is a sexiest word about the snake presented to her as silhouette. It was funny, but it was still synchronized. OK, so there were a few thoughtful free scenes? perhaps in the minds of the day. It was an adventurous and escapist-type movie we needed today to avoid all the tricky realities and the shedding of Hollywood. It's fun now!
