I am always strange and guilty (because I'm a very well-educated non-teenager), but I'm really sort of as Olsen twins, and in fact, at least a target audience. In Rome, it was the traditional Mary Kate and Ashley film, a trip, accent, motorcycle, "B" story, adolescent romance, fashion orientation and even gag reel on loans. I really liked myself. "The Roman Times" and other Olsen twin films do not look like nothing they have never been; Often, they just premiere with the video and claim they have never had the next "Citizen Kane" or "an event to remember." In my opinion, people who are watching this movie and waiting for something other than the Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> Probably admirers of the Olsen twins will really love them. It's really great to see people from the first episodes of the Full House watching them reach more mature roles. This film gives a very important historical and geographical information on one of the other films ("Winning from London" from 10 "Downing Street" and a visit to Louvre from "Passport Paris"). <br /> <br /> I still feel as if I'm in my soap and give it a moment as long as I fit into the movie. Olsen rejects twins: In order to become an admirer of the Olsen twins, you have to be a pre-teen "valley girl" from California. In fact, this is not a target audience. If so, the MK & A fashion dresses and accessories will be realized through a store like this, not with Gap or Wal-Mart. Although it is not true in the "Roman times", "high fashion" and globalization and the two girls in the Cali valley, it is not true ... There is more information about young girls who are trying to get them. This is like taking the movie in motorcycle cute guys with some glamorous foreign city. Marketing is called - to have an idea and to sell it in a charming way. At least, the tools send a good message even if they look a bit on the surface. <br /> <br /> In fact, do not beat it until you see the movie and then realize what the Olsen twins are: young girls are encouraging creativity. , intuitive and manageable young women. This movie, I think, is like the others. Kids - Enjoy. Parents are the same. If you love Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
