The fight against the death penalty is a just cause. Everyone who worked in Europe would have thought so. Everything in the US is different. The film, at first, shows that justice can be lifted against the ultimate death penalty of American justice. Thanks to a law professor returning to this special defense counsel, a young man is released from the ranks of death. But the film has a continuation. Justice in the United States is driven entirely to revenge. Judicial breakdown is regulated only by revenge. A Local Lawyers Foundation has a young man accused of fraudulent charges. After a while, the lawyer's lawyer dropped charges and the young man was released. But she loses college scholarship and is intentional by a few vengeful men who are not smoke without a shooting. She hides her shame and swears to revenge. But it is necessary to satisfy sexual needs that are more gentle than hormones, but it is not gentle and hormonal and can only do with little girls. Probably the other serial killer groups after these species. One day, local police are watching the intrusion of a young girl in some of the uncertain circles and arresting the young men they speak. He was beaten by blows, blows, phone books, weapons, and anything other than the Russian roulette during 22 hours. He admits. He was sentenced to death, asking his lawyer to be a law professor of the Massachusetts State, where his grandmother had been wrongly convicted a few years ago and was the representative of the Local Lawyers Advocate, who was on the rails. It will fail, but it shows that in the justice system, the police and other security forces are able to break the rules of the best accusation after leaving the law and commit some unfair acts to feed the worst allegations, the deepest thirst for revenge. Calling loose elements is as bad as breaking the elements that violate police or justice. The best intentions of the police are to destroy the lives of a person as much as possible with the intentional elements of inflated material, in some cases, by personal involvement and vengeance, which in turn will endanger the whole work with a good lawyer, . If the film does not want to be mistaken then the police and the judiciary are deeply thought of the need to respect the standards and rules, and this, of course, does not justify the death penalty, but rather the Americans' deepest thoughts: "We clearly express these truths that all people have been created equally that rights that can not be separated by their Creator are given, among them Life, Freedom and the pursuit of happiness. " (Declaration of Independence) is given to the man by the Creator of Life, which has not been given to anyone, and the person who gives it can take it. Only God can take a person's life. Death penalty is the arrogant adoption of no power in us. Even if we do not preach God, we will not be able to justify the death penalty just as the act of revenge, and the film shows that revenge is the worst motivation for justice and social peace. There is no other basis for this death penalty in the event of revenge. <br /> <br /> <span style = "text-align: justify;"> <span style = "color : red; ">
