<br /> <br /> <strong> </ strong> <br /> <br /> <span style = "color: red;"> liberal, though Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong is invited to Flordia Everglades by Bobby Earl, a black guy who is unjustly convicted. The terrible murder of eleven years old, keeping the sadistic, cold-blooded policemen in confusion. He understands that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination while giving more and more to the mysterious job. This small community black police detective Lt.Tanny Brown means corruption and betrayal. Wisdom is when psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is introduced. He finds out that he knows the location of the weapon that killed the murderer who murdered his little girl. Armstrong wrote that Sullivan's journey through a small town was clear and when he personally found the letter. Bobby Earl re-judges. He is released from prison and gets a terrible punishment. The serial killer looks cool from Sullivan until an unexpected phone call comes to light. Sullivan finds her husband to be a flawed double murderer. Sullivan explains the truth of Armstrong's tragic murder and why it was brought here. Bobby Earl is a psychopathic killer and it turns out that he really is raping and killing Joanie Shriver. Just hit a bargain with simply fiendish psycho Sullivan. He may kill himself to revenge himself to kill himself. Armstrong could kill her with her beautiful wife and daughter. He was executed for the death of Sullivan. Armstrong and tough, beautiful boy Brown, had chased poor Everglades to prevent him. When Armstrong arrives, a psychotic patient, Bobby Earl, learns that he plans to kill his wife and daughter and inevitably painfully aggravates it. But the good, legendary police carries out and prevents Braun's brutal baddie. Strong, alligators who eat food with men and their food. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter, then lives and lives happily. It is also a mystery and subterfuge. The reluctant refugees are insulted by racist law-abiding people. True penalties are judged. Sometimes mistakenly innocent, innocent, friendly black man can actually be a bad sign. Sean Connery, is more like a strange, holier than the hero. Laurence Fishburne, mean, boastful, but good guy is as good as police. Anderwood and Harris act like a conspicuous and evil spirit. Capeshaw is okay.Ruby Dee is as big as the grandmother. The rest of the mold is also beautiful.
