This is the fifth von Trier movie I've ever seen. I believe he is the only director in all his films. Fourth, Officer of the Crime, Europa, Wave Off and Dancer in the Dark, I gave 10 and one, The Idiots, I gave it 9 (and I would like to see it once again, though I've seen it for the first time 10). He was surprised that he was calling himself one of the best executives. I have to agree with him. It is not possible to accuse him of arrogance when creating such great films. After 50 years, when von Trier is late, he will be regarded as a leading filmmaker from Europe (probably from the planet) and will be given his lesson. It's just Bergman or Fellini of our time. <br /> <br /> For Europe, I will admit that it is confusing and that its narrative will not look strong. I think this is the point. This film meant to represent a subdued representation of a nightmare or a level. It is clear from the film's description: Max von Sydow's story. We hypnotize, von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious mind. The disintegration of Europe is worrying about me, Americans, very few. This framework you see on the Element of the Crime is clear, so it's a brighter movie (although I argue in my mind, Europe is in need of anything more than a DVD, I hope the Criterion, aspect ratio with the theater, and remastered sound picture, then I'm very sure that this movie looks like one of the other films of Tony's). In the Crimes Element, the film begins with a hypnotist who actually appears on the screen this time, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detector who wants to reach the root of his mental illness. The first words of the movie "Fantasy is good, but my job is to keep you on track." And the fanier, the narrator, goes out of the way, the hypnotist punishes him and tells him to return with the story. A laugh even when a character is truly witty and given a modest line. "Do you understand the difference between good and bad?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, he did not really say it?" <br /> <br /> Thus, in order to comment on Europe, almost "The Element of Crime" said that we were deep in Troy's subconscious and that the symbols should be interpreted within us and that it could be different for everyone. What is the symbol of the train itself? Think inward, and then just discuss it abroad. Europa is a great film, a masterpiece. Although I was watching him on 3, I would never miss him. It's the perfect time to actually watch since you worked in your dream logic.
