Storyline: The protagonist of Max von Sydow's voice story (and audience) The young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), who until 1945, hypnotized the place where he returned to Germany in 1945 to restore the damaged country. Kessler Uncle (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) works for Leopold in a large Zentropa train company, but is soon in love with Leopold Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); Daughter of Zentropa owner Max Hartman (Jørgen Reenberg) daughter. Leopold is soon targeted by corruption, has lost his ideology and is forced to choose between pests or colera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious and ugly. Lars von Trier's 1991 masterpieces are some of the immediate, majestic images that come to mind when thinking about EUROPA; The last part of the European trilogy. ZENTROPA has been recalled in the United States, since the audience has not been confused with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPA EUROPA since 1990 (also World War II drama). The European trilogy is also comprised of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT since 1984 and EPIDEMIC since 1987 (900 experiments only selling Danish cinemas). The subject of this trilogy is not as important as the visual, although the trilogy is theoretically involved in the loss of hypnosis and idealism. At EUROPA's opening shot, we see a locomotive that directs us, but the narrator who we do not know is hypnotizing us: "When you are rich, you are in Europe, and then you say it." A metaphor for movies to take us to a sublime dream reality. <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses a strange yet extremely effective visual style - the famous Russian director, Andrei Tarkovsky, is the main influence of Trier. It is sometimes red, red, and so on. It's a black-and-white movie that's involved with it. According to rumors, this inspired Steven Spilberg has been using the same effect since 1993 (incidentally another WWII drama) in the SHINDLER'S LIST. In addition, Trier uses the Dutch angels and uses background-projection to add layers to each other separately, but Trier uses artistic reasoning, unlike the old Hollywood films that use the economic reasons. These strange-looking visual processes, which are carefully implemented, emphasize that we are in reality, hypnotize; EUROPA's universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for cutting weight and cutting-edge techniques (eg multi-layered background-projection), but the staff has criticized Stanley Kubrick's 1968 visual masterpiece 2001: for an SPACE ODYSSEY - an important place for today film-history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of misrepresenting history. Apparently, the Trier Nazis' Kurtadam terrorist group is very important to date. According to various online sources (interesting topic - Googl'ing it yourself!), Trier's goal is neither educational nor pictorial. EUROPA is a never-ending nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe encountered by the audience is a distorted truth. How do we deceive our memory in the same way? - 100% precise reconstruction is a lie! Although young audiences living in EUROPA are too young to be happy with the Second World War, we have a collective memory of various BBC documentary films, so these small inconsistencies actually serve one purpose: they told us that we were the next WWII Germany 1945 The chapter of all three trilogy depicts the young ideologues with the noble intentions that have been forced to corrupt and have lost their ideological innocence. FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA's undisclosed outcomes are ideologized forever in hypnotized realities. Before Poland, in 1990, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel were World War II before and after the filming. Showing. The duration of the time is filled with extremely fine shots that capture the atmosphere. A great example is the last action of EUROPA in the former Polish Church (EUROPA was originally derived from economic reasons in Poland). As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think that Europe will take its worthy place in the cinema history. The old film-noir darling clichés and the method of twisting visual methods are unique and totally different from Hollywood or any other imagination so far. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an important film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write like pure trade assumptions, but it would be disastrous. Other Trier classics and semi-classics like FORRRYDELSENS ELEMENT since 1984, RIGET's television since 1993 and DOGVILLE in 2003. This Trier is a previous experience for its players and the Dogme95 Manifesto. See it! "Ten Thousand ..." 9/10
