In 1971, I did not know the history of the Brazilian black comedy, but the film was not accessible to me, because this film is very clear. In the 16th century, Brazilian and French refugees in Brazil used the war as secret figures to confirm the power. What is particularly interesting about the movie is made in Portuguese by the Portuguese. The hero is an unpleasant French, Portuguese barbarians, and the rest are harsh and strange. The Portuguese producers of the film are objective, as we see that when all the words are made and we see it, there is no difference between the two sides. This is a hereditary inheritance in a period clearly defined by the gens. <br /> <br /> A man living in the Caucasus predicted that the shaman of the cemetery would find a strong Portuguese man to take revenge for the brother of the chef killed by the Portuguese rally ball. French is thought to be Portuguese, and now they believe they own one. Nevertheless, French people are given the fastest way of the village, and sooner or later they are given a spouse and they get more familiar with their Western dresses or clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells his relatives that his prisoners are really Portuguese, and then he tells the truth that when an angry French finds a secret treasure hidden in another French neighborhood. <br /> <br /> I found that the opening scene was funny, because the story, which was depicted in its deficiency, serves as the vast majority of the screen, although the film does not want to keep this tone any more often. In fact, this is not a very bad film. The magnificent, locally-minded, violent lifestyle and the growth of native women are not just French, but we also forget about any danger and we feel it as a free man. It is not difficult to escape. Cannibalism is less than the desire of Pereira dos Santos as a representative of the political cartoon of the New World mythology and unwavering social loyalty, as a complete frontal nakedness of pressure. In any case, the social discourse of the 1500s, a place with 365 islands, is almost completely naked and almost entirely in Tupia, and encourages the effective destruction of certain paths for centuries to repeat itself.
