CCCC is the first film in Bollywood in 2001. When I first saw the movie, I thought it would be a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan's most powerful performance. My family did not want him much, but when I saw this movie, my family was very upset. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a big sign of three main stars. <br /> <br /> Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya are related to their meetings and love. They marry and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. They learn that Priya is pregnant when Raj and Priya return. Racine's family is full of joy, especially after finding the Ragini taste (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day and have a crash that caused Priya's Priya down. Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra), who is a doctor in Raj, is a very close family friend. She said she would no longer have children for Raj and Priya. Raj and Priya keep this quiet from your family. Raj and Priya decided to go for surrogacy. Surrogacy will find them a girl and Raj and she will be a baby together with the girl and then hand in hand to the baby Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Its name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells him the situation and gives him money and bribes him. Raj Madhubala completley changes. Raj explains that he found a girl in Priya. Meet Madhubala and Priya and be friends. They go to Switzerland to do this, so nobody could be found. Priya spent the night in a church, and Raj and Madhubala stayed alone and spent the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and all are happy. Raj said Priy was pregnant. We are still happy. Madhubala loves Raji and wants it. What will be next? See CCCC to watch. <br /> <br /> Anyone who does not like the movie is their photographer's ideas. The film should have done it properly, but it did not destroy the movie. <br /> <br /> The film's song is great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Dekhne Walon Ne", "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi". The song "Mehndi" is very colorful. Film is worth 10/10!
