Prolific and high-profile filmmaker Martin Scorsese explores the choice of favorite American films, grouped by three different directors: director illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau created new editing techniques among other changes that made the appearance of voice and color even further; directed by a filmmaker such as: Douglas Circus, directors like Vincente Minnelli, directors used to hide rebellious messages from Samuel Fuller and his films; and directed by iconic actors such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> The Hollywood-based studio system, despite being pressured, saw moderate development of the filmmakers' political and financial boundaries. It shows us during the clips taken from films, and we are ready to see what we have seen, not just to discover the films we have not seen before. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the canon of the movie was known as snobbish, so some film fans and critics prefer simply to create a "list". However, Canon simply means "the best" and those who support the film canon that is a valuable activity to identify and experiment with the selection of the "best" films. film students. In general, experience shows that all the articles about the film, including the review, work to create the canon of the film. Some movies are definitely elite, but others may be "populist". The Internet Movie Database is one of the top 250 feature films of a number of "elitist" movie clips, and many of the film's "elite" films, including the The Dark Knight, featured in the top 10 films of Hollywood, Schindler 's list and part of a Kukun Nest, and the fluctuations of similar production such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, Terminator, and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. The writer Scorsese's Taxi Driver, Paul Schrader, clearly referred to his law as "elite" and claimed it was positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese is never silent about its social and political ideologies. we can see this tense and clear obsessive history lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological domains, that there is no individual in either elitism or popularism. Elitism combines the attention, recognition and power of the outstanding ones. This discrimination can easily lead to overrationalization of Jean-Luc Godard's sad work or the production of a filmmaker such as Michael Haneke. However, populism accepts a belief of freedom of expression only as the will of the people. As in the past, people about the whole idea of ​​incorrect thinking may be the end of cinema, populism, potential force, and cinema influence. It can only continue watching movies because it's a vital social and metaphysical experience. Martin Scorsese can spend almost four hours here, telling us one thing that can not be explained without one hand.
