The French name of the film "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which means "The Origin of Octopuses" is very dark, so it is not surprising that it is sold as "Water Lotteries" in English-speaking countries. "The" lilies "of the English language are three" teenage girls ", Marie, Anne, and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team at the Paris suburban base, and their first sexual feelings. One feature of the film is that it is unusual for a movie of such kind, but it only focuses on the relationships of young people with them, and we do not see anything smaller than their parents or teachers, and even smaller, with three girls appearing very different and characterized by a very different character. Retired Marie looks gentle and small and looks like one of the youngest .James Jane is a glamorous blonde with a very popular with Floriane boys. <br /> <br /> Anne has been in love with Francois, She was shot with Floriane, but she's not just a fan of men, but I love her For all the fans of Florian are not men, because Marie gives her attractive friend a bit of a shock, showing how their friendships are developing; When Floriane really goes out to meet her boyfriend, she just uses Marie as an excuse. his parents are likely to protest his boys, but there is no objection to his friends' departure. But later, though, Florian always meets Marie's feelings, even though she seems to be a sexy, well-known girl in the center of attention. The film recalls some conventional stereotypes in the topic of sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and very crisp figure, usually looks like "butch", but she is one of the three main characters that is uniquely heterosexual, whereas more conventional feminine Marie and glamorous Florian, or at least bisexual Aging films are quite common, though most of them are forced to avoid the topic of teenage lesbianism. In addition, she is sensitive to the "Water Lotteries" and is making very good performances by three leading actresses Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationship between cartoon, especially Marie and Floriane, is complex and has a number of interpretations. (Is Floriane, for example, Marie-i use for sex or really romantic feelings for her?) Is Florian's cautious behavior with Francois and other boys a device to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Did he hide himself? The first film prepared by this young filmmaker Celine Ssiamma (only 27); on this basis he should be regarded as a new person who is very hopeful. 7/10
