This is something; many admirers of Trek do not appreciate it as a classic episode over time, because it really deprives the big ones of deep meaning or resemblance, but it's so lucky that fun is always fun, always in my mood regardless of whether it's a personal list of more than half the episode. A few well-known future films ("Westworld") and television shows (more gentle "Fantasy Island") were premiered by this episode (later, of course, the TNG show concept was animated by the holodeck technology). Beautifully shot (especially in the restored version and on the DVD) and directed to the director is the place where he placed the place in a place similar to the park of a new planet. It is not surprising that the life of animals, even the beetles (where the flowers are flourishing) are not surprising, but when the comrades see what's happening from the past (the Kirk people have gone past it), as well as figures from other well-known fantasy stories. The water finds even an old-fashioned police revolver (no doubts about sword collection). <br /> <br /> At this point, there are many key characters in the Trek series (up to the first half of the season). We would like to know for a long time that our old friends are concentrating. Here's a really cool storytelling, a sort of mystery, and a spectacular series of events that make Kirk and his friends entertain a very entertaining flirtatious look at the episode's puzzle. Kirk was almost shouted at Starship, as he was finally maneuvered to reduce stress and fatigue symptoms (Enterprise, suggested, simply a very responsible mission). After that, Dr. McCoy is killed by a horseman; Yes, that's it. McCoy's latest episode ... just a joke. However, at this point of the story there is no joke on the rest of the opening side. Like McCoy really dead and best Trek episodes for all intentions and intentions, the second half of this adventure rises to more confused, more hopeless movements and inactivity. <br /> <br /> This is a resolute answer to Kirkin Sulu. This tells us that McCoy did not understand any of these events after his death. Kirk will be at the bottom of all this, maybe. <br /> <br /> Kirk has never been easier: Kirk is the longest mano-a-mano fight for the series, as it struggles to moan over his academy days and looks like more than half the planet. However, this is comparable to the scenes of unusual sensitivity other than Kirk's past acquaintances. This episode is in harmony with what we have learned about the true purpose of this strange planet, manages the gamut of all human experience. It is a pleasure to tell the scenario exactly what's happening, but it's not a nonsense approach that penetrates many fantasy and fantasy series (images that are not publicly disclosed). And really there is a subtext in the story - we need to work 'tired' of our stress and fatigue in a certain way or we do not just act in a 'normal' naturally. Also mentioning the disappointment of Yeoman Rand, the favorite Yeoman Barrows appearance and the return to the first Trek movie at 79. I believe that after this episode, more fans of the Trek will not wait for the next appearance of all the favorite characters. But I leave this episode with an astonishing, perhaps astonishing thought: When McCoy is killed (confirmed by Spock), how do we know who real McCoy is back to the ship? Perhaps this is what McCoyun still checks for starships after a century and explains what is getting very well with the information.
