Many of the IMDB's comments are unbiased in this film, and this is in the sense that they are trying to compare it to an old version. True, HOLLOW MAN revises the type of "Exceptional Man", but the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie. If you watch a movie with the intention of finding as many defects as possible, you should not watch movies first. True, some movies are horribly and unbearably straightforward, but if you are "HOLIDED MAN" and you are invisible, you think what you are doing and think that your friends are passing through. Kevin Bacon, along with a team of co-workers, acts as an eccentric scholar who finds way to make the animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them appear again. There is a formula for the re-emergence of animals in this team of young specialists (we can work for the Pentagon), Kevin Becan volunteers are thinking of being the first to experiment with new experimental drugs. After all, of course, everything is wrong because Kevin Bacon is invisible to the rest of the film and is forced to wear a latex mask, so his employees know where he is. Feeling of paranoia and hopelessness begins to get Kevin's character, and when she sees her old lover and colleague (Elisabeth Shue) seeing one of the young scholars of the team facing the groundwork, she finally threw out. The film then turns into "ALIEN" hybrid and says a slasher flicker, but this is not a bad turn. There are fears and tremors, and the film moves at a great speed. Special effects, as well as the shoulder (as we will see some "bodywork" series that have never been seen in the previous film), are generally of high quality in Paul Verhoevé's films. If there is something to complain about, perhaps, the foreseeability of the circumstances listed here; With the first hour of the movie you know, Kevin Bacon will definitely make the jump to be absolutely indifferent. And last but not least, HOLLOW MAN still does not value it. If you want to know what a really bad movie is, then spend your money with "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse EXAMPLES (or "Sasquatsh", Land Henriksen). Now this is a "gap"! 8 * to 10 *!
