<br /> <br /> The Earth is about one. The "Spoiler" alert is a warning for people who want to see their animals and landscapes. The 90-minute movie, Planet Earth, which I'm looking at everything on BBC TV. I did this for the television version of "Earth", but it was narrated by a loving commentator, David Attenborough, but it is Patrick Stewart, the captain of Star Trek, Picard. There are regular shootings from the space, it may be appropriate. In any case, it has a nice and calm voice. From the North Pole to Antartika, there are 12 chapters that follow the animal life on earth. 3 animal families, polar bears, elephants and whales appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with the distance from the north pole or the equator. We can see all kinds of animals, but perfectly offer beautiful pictures of mammals and birds, some fishes, vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and forests, different scenes of life, landscapes and climates. You get the impression that your planet is just about animals: people, villages, or cities are not a movie, so a typical nature documentary will be accompanied by breathtaking and pleasant music. When I opened the movie, I knew it would cost me too soon. This is a family movie, so no terrible killing of any animal. When caught by a hunter, the stroke ends and it is slow to move in other cases where the hunt is captured, which is less severely traumatic for younger children (age 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is shed. Some scenes (newborn animals) are pretty sweet and loved by children. It's like a natural movie, but it's a nice piece of beauty when you know how many hours of shooting (4000) you know and how much money you earn. It was a premiere of the Dutch premiere yesterday, just a month before the actual release, with 15 of them in a 500-seat cinema. The real beauty of cinema artists is rarely interesting, it seems. If my favorite scenes go to this movie, of course, I'm really interested in what I know about the television series. Some did not, but the most effective shooting (big waterfalls) were happy. It was the first time I was crying in the nature movie.
