The 2006 mini-series of "Planet Earth" is not something I was told by my childhood idol David Attenborough. Nevertheless, whether I'm here in Australia or I've never been with him and when I was able to see "World (2007)"? Has drawn a feature length of the same nature imagery? jumped on the big screen luck. The theater was mostly empty; only one other cartridge was sitting in front of me and not as big as my screen, it was really like the whole planet. For 90 minutes, I downloaded to the beauty and dangers of wild scenes isolated between the most beautiful living creatures that were never captured in any film. The 'Earth', a displacement and still painful, is a way to recognize the sensitive balance of life on our planet and to place the number of conscious animals and plant species on the screen. <br /> <br /> Alastair Fothergill and Marx Linfield's director defends the deportation of the desert Although, of course, we are not afraid of propaganda, and the politics that the puzzle has completely ignored; Of course, there is no one in sight. Instead, we are just taking a breath-taking trip to the magnificence of nature, experiencing the earth's firmness and sensitivity. I've heard about the original mini series I have run for eleven episodes deeper into the scientific foundations of world ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers have made a wise decision to replace the information with emotional impact: I remember last time that I was inspired and at the same time heart failure. By establishing an emotional link between the spectator and the selected individual animals, we can somehow anthropomorphate them, and we can suddenly evaluate the "human side" of every species, and their hopeless situation for survival becomes less statistical and more unacceptable. tragedy The 'Place' is mainly the selection of dramatic episodes, whether it is the struggle for the polar bear to drive the young dome to the Arctic ice, or to the flood waters of the Euphrates' tramp Okavango delta. The documentary demonstrates a sensitive balance between life and death, but on the other hand, it is presented in a heartbreaking predatory ballet ballet. Sometimes, even though you challenge a young audience, the footage breaks down at a very important moment, the raw instinct that burns the last, desperate effort of these animals in the survival of their lives in the constant tears for the inevitable death of nature. In the slow-motion imaginations of both a hunt and a handful, there is a cunning beauty that leads to the splash of spectacular mid-air as a predator (the only odd result of an error) or the Big White Shark. <br /> <br /> Apart from these main stories, it is also treated with short descriptions of birds from different parts of the world, including birds. Autumn migration of Papua New Guinea paradise and demoiselle cranes. Of course, all films are dedicated exclusively to these species, and it is an inevitable consequence of passing through so many imaginative ecosystems as they move away. By choosing to be closely involved with the polar beard, elephant and humpback whale? follow some of their way of life through some stunning high-precision time photography photography in a calendar year? filmmakers could avoid any structural problem that could be used too often to show off and only 90 minutes to show it. As a result, 'Earth' is more thirsty for me and, fortunately, it's about eleven hours if I can watch a copy of the DVD for Planet Earth. Rising and tearful, sensitive and heartfelt, 'The Earth' is truly a magnificent documentary experience, and it can only be the favorite movie of 2007.
