The city square takes the city policy instead of the country, the state, or any major political table. There is a big political arena, especially in New York City today, but is still on a smaller scale and puts a microscope on several major players in a city scandal that splashes in the right hand of the city mayor. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance and I think he is making a mistake in part of the formulas thriller genre. I want to say that the City Square is not a political drama, but a tension, instead of being called and done, and once feels that the film falls into meat and potatoes and looks like a tension, but it is a very good thing. An important part of the immediately-acting recipe ... what else ... who is more ... Al Pacino. The film begins with a really good life look at the municipal office and the city's inner work. As the film continues, it broadens its political spectrum to cover the democratic director and his connections, and then we get acquainted with a number of steps inside the city. Of course, in one of these events, a mystery begins and remains politically in the background, but it still has a brilliant structure. <br /> <br /> I hate talking about Al Pacino. So how can I tell if ONCE does not perform well? The man's royalty. There is something bright about his entire behavior. Mayor of the city of New York, Pacino plays in the city hall. There is a sense of duty and honor and immediately looks very rich politician. She also presents one of the most powerful and open speeches I've ever seen in the James Bone paradise. I repeated this word four times, and for the first time I gave Pacino, my mouth was open and I almost wanted to stand up and cheer. Surrendered by his brilliant writing and gorgeous Pacino. John Cusack really works as an actor, with a moderate and small performance, like the Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. It's a kind of glamor of the movie, and when it's Pacinho's on the screen, there's a good chemistry, but there's something in it ... it looks like a hard work. His attitudes are just strange, and although it's likely to be acute and intimidating, it does not look like pulling it. Perhaps there was an off film. Bridget Fonda works well for Marybeth Cogan, a rewarding widow for women after leaving her high points. His performance is very similar to Cusack, which he does not find in his character. Danny Aiello, despite being a little scarcely characterized as a democratic director with character mafia Frank Anselmo. <br /> <br /> Leyla Landau, Everyone ... okay. In fact, there are many stories they try to do without showing it and, unfortunately, it creates a bit of confusion about all conspiracies. And, of course, you have a very little support role for Al Pacino, but it's totally shining and shadowing each player in the movie and shading. Perhaps they were afraid of being on the screen. So the City Hall could have been a major political epic drama, but on average, it cut and felt part of the mill, but it is still going to be for Pacino and a different spin in the domestic business. Only you will not see Pacinho's performance in the funeral of James Bone, because the word "electrification" does not seem to give justice, but you see Al Pacino as incredible, because in a mediocre movie, he makes a speech and feel. I'm a John Cusack admirer ... he's certainly good, but he's the main character and generally gets justice. A decent film, but unfortunately, the potential loss. 7.5 / 10
