The film is a classic theme. In fact, Batman has been exploited by the subject from the beginning to the end, but it's true information and details. The mayor of New York is highly esteemed to get some of his projects a little faster than normal, leading to some pressure from a drug dealer who wants to be imprisoned and kept in custody for some special employers, and in turn, must be released under the conditions of exemption, despite the fact that the pressure is to be extinguished. And what happens is that a few people, including a black schoolgirl, were killed to shoot down a police detective and a criminal. The city can explode due to this: the black school boy and the people represent the people because of the tension because of social tension, the danger of going around such criminals and continuing with criminal activities. Unfortunatelly, the film does not show the tension is very good, and the first deputy who wants to learn the truth is watching the investigation and finds it. But along the way, several witnesses were killed and all the players in the business were ready to present some shady characters after submitting a probation report and some important information to the disappearing (official) disappeared to end their career and life (the contractor or contractor) . The mayor goes back and makes a long break; The main interests of the film, for example, are to investigate the contradictions of the mayor to cover up this problem, and remember that in the past it made a mistake in the probation case. Political philosophy calls for nothing but a pure white or pure black and an excuse for misleading but profitable decisions that are not comfortable for those who decide everything. We are not talking about the compromises needed to reach consensus in some areas that are important to public interest. In the city it is less important to make a bad decision against smaller or likely minor offenders in some infrastructure or economic projects. This is not typical of New York. This is true at any municipal office. New York is a big metropolitan area and, of course, more important than the quantity and quality of the police departments in a city or country that is a municipality and is under political control. The mayor, the mayor, thus pushes the former mayor and does not want to be the governor of New York to become president of the United States. The Mayor, Al Pacino, recommends Al Pacino, who recommends ten minutes of dialogue with a face that the whole dialogue is useless. I consider the latter a bit mushy at his own initiative with the deputy deputy. Hence, it means that he sees the chance of being justified, and pushing the mayor out of his way. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Culardeau, University of Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
