Wow ... Riget's 5 hours more. Lars continues the great combination of hidden, dark horror and soap opera dramas. Where exactly the last episode of the previous episode (with the same high intensity and durability, though better or worse) is exactly where the installation seems to be a little more curved in franchising ... In the last series, one day between each episode a week later, although this is the number one episode ends, the next starts. There is much to say about Lars von Trier ... but it is very different and quite eccentric. That is both quality. The sequel continues with excellence, giving a few normal characters, with smaller players focusing on the four previous episodes. Basically, every character in the first place goes at least to the main roles. Pacing was not as sharp as in the first part, and I was less than this one. It is not that he does not want to say that he did not cover me ... I was still watching myself and at times I strongly reacted, and I frequently call out, according to the incidents (very unusual behavior like an incredibly silent man as I was, I was the first time. First, it brings some loaded ethical questions. Setting the foundation from one to the other, it draws on the story ... and then it is even greater. Dear. More spirits, more bizarre events, and more subfields. The first strong graphic material was also returned and a fork was thrown. Symbols are further developed. Imagine, as the first. Udo Kier strengthens his big work, to anyone who doubts. It is a very difficult character (everyone who first sees the first line, maybe I understand what I mean) * and * acted in a non-spoken language (later called) ... and still such a strong performance. The cinematography remains great and is still very fast with zooms and occasionally long boots. Correction was made, several direct voices were cut off (though they were first of all popular). Now, by saying all this, it is possible to estimate it as perfect 10 ... or at least sixth episodes. I really love it and I'm not sorry about it at all. But there are shortcomings ... those who are the first part and much more. First, humor only takes a lot of space ... this time around, it's even worse. There are some other new regular characters, for some reason other than providing a comic relief ... three of them, less. The scenes are built and executed without any reason for laughing viewers. Thin for a comedy, but it does something so dark and unpleasant, yes, it's sometimes a sadistic thing, a piece of fear? Helmer's secret hiding is replaced by the roof of the lonely place ... his beloved Swedish ... to a bathroom. With an angle inside the case. No, we read it. In general, humor seems to be lower eyebrows ... more sex and body function jokes, even "Why?" Responding to the question. Although most of the articles are good, some are obviously scared. Several scenes are mostly excluded from the first mini-series (one can guess because of their popularity in broadcasting). Sometimes the drama looks strange and sometimes jumps out often. Fortunately, it is rare, but still notable points and things are easily explained (for example, a certain Danish character, for example, who knows who speaks). Although two dishwashers are still mysterious and profound, they have become a lot of cunning. Many of the scenes are still enjoyable with them. However, to any reader, I am sure that despite all the adverse things I write, it is still very good ... absolutely pleasing, attractive, strong ... and in my dear opinion, it will be definitely seen by anyone who loves the first (if you belong to this group , do not think that the story ends after watching more than the first one). I recommend this to Lars von Trier and to anyone who enjoys the first Riget and wants more than anywhere. I invite everyone watching it to make sure you see everything you've seen before ... Before I bought it, I first bought it, and I can not tell you how glad I was for you. First, it is a summary of events, though I have not seen you before watching, have lots of detail and directions. A little bit longer, but if the first thing you like, it is definitely a follow-up. 8/10
