Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roman Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sümerel, Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (LA Law Glory, Titans and Clash) and other films appear perfectly in this Lifetime movie, directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Rinna, would later work on a film about sexual dependence. "Her Deadly Competition" is, at first glance, a "Fatal Glamor" similar to a well-known Hollywood casino. Move to a new home, usually in beautiful surroundings, with "competitive", a happy married couple, Jim and Kris Lanford. They have exquisite marriages - in spite of everyday life, they are deeply in love. But a mysterious fan Jimmy opens her eyes. Despite his attempts to find out who Jim and even the researchers are, his identity is never disclosed. He is always raping Jim on phone calls and letters. Marriage nearly flounders as her husband begins to think of having a relationship with her and trying to cover her. Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and others - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roman Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - appear to have come from a smooth bone opera. But this is a very exciting drama and has good moments. Finally there is a twist. Spoiler Alert. I must say that his "deadly opponent" was just himself. Based on a supposed truth, Jimmy's wife, Chris, complained of personality abuse and broke his marriage. The story is not very impressive, even though the actress is a step taken from the soap opera, there are moments in this film. Especially Jim and his wife, and the actions that move between the last scene, Jimin believes in what he only hears when he learns the truth. The film is probably a little too long and somewhat boring, but it's a movie that is especially good, especially when it comes from "intrinsic excitement" or charming stories, such as "Lifetime". Naked, but everyone likes rubbish.
