(INCLUDING CLAIMS) This movie is the best Amicus I've ever seen (even a few times to check out). Blood is an anthropology that contains four unusual stories covering the home of the villagers in the bad English house of villagers. The mistake in such production spends much of the energy on a story similar to each other. Peter Duffel's film does not pay much attention to wisdom. He just works on a Scottish Yard inspector who is coming home to investigate the lack of the last tenant, and learns about the strange incidents that have happened there before. All four stories in the film are of high quality and are perfectly effective. High expectations for this movie are allowed because it's completely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, he wrote a novel that led to the brilliant horror episode "Psycho" of the same block? We celebrate Peter Duffel as a solid and very professional director. <br /> <br /> There are four stories? if the chapters? There are good varieties on some issues, but they (almost) are equally cold and heartbreaking. She comes home to inspire her new book number one about a horror writer who comes along with her spouse. This is actually a good start, but soon after, she was staged and stopped by her imagination. The idea of ​​this story is not entirely original, but it is very suspenseful and climax is not quite surprising. The second story stars (Hammer) are Peter Cushing, the legend of fears as a retired stock market. It is still staged by a description of an inaccessible and long-lost love, which is exactly like a candle statue similar to it. Cushing is always happy to watch as? Wax Museums even if the subject is not new? this story looks fresh and innovative. This chapter also has a few tremendous shocking moments, and there is always a tense atmosphere. How terrific it is for the best story: Number 3. Christopher Lee is another legendary actor, as he gave a flawless description of a terrible father. She is very hard and tough about her young daughter and isolates her into the outside world. No reason, because the little girl shows a surprising charm for magic and voodoo. Apart from Chloe Franks's great performance by a great actor like Lee and a naked child, this story also has a terrible gothic atmosphere! In the story of Satan, along with thunderous and creepy sound effects, this story should be made for fans of original fears. It is only a bit weak when it comes to tension and reliability, but the fourth and last story that will compensate for more or less sensitive humor is controlled by a vampire dress. Dracula's hero is associated with co-star Christopher Lee, this story has a small place for parody! In the last chapter, the most memorable element is the very presence of Ingrid Pittin! Hero hero of the film "The Vampire Lovers", of course, is one of the many aspects of the film, especially its division. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, in this connection, the bloodshed house will be highly appreciated by classical horror fans. I truly believe that with some mood preparation, this can really be one of the few films that make you scared and make a great impression. It should be a smart and charming horror! Be advised. Although there is a little bit of note: this film can not be mixed with "Bloodshed" in no circumstances. The latter is a very fierce and worst underground 80s slasher that has nothing to do with this movie.
