Unfounded Inspector Hollaway (a tremendous turn by John Bennett) explores the disappearance of a popular nation and reveals the worst history of a creepy old house. The first and most spectacular story, "The Criminal Procedure" - Author Charles Hillyer (sung by beautiful Denholm Elliott) is destroyed by the description of a deadly criminal that he wrote in his latest book. Although this special tour can be predicted to be very special and special, the real surprise becomes a realistic ending. "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (always prominent Peter Cushing) and his comrade friend Neville Rogers (prominent Joss Ackland), the second and most sensitive anecdote, are humiliated by the legendary wax statue of both beautiful and deadly murders. The third and most cool refrigerator vinyl, "Sweet Sweets" - the sweet, protected and secretive widow John Reid (a rare semi-sympathetically typically terrific Christopher Lee) nanny Ann Norton (the beautiful Nyree Dawn Porter) is his beloved favorite and harmless daughter Jane (favorite Chloe A very strange and surprising performance by Franks). This strange episode of fear gives a disturbing support from the talented children's actress Franks, who has a really disturbing sense of calm evil hidden beneath a lowly sweet and innocent angel cover. The fourth and most entertaining yarn, "The Clock" - Pompous horror movie star Paul Henderson (with a surprisingly delightful tastes by John Pertwee) gets a secret dress that always turns it into a vampire. As this article welcomes the vampire Carla, the sweet Ingrid Pittin is an effective entertaining and more beneficial addition to the presence of awesome pulchritis. The author Peter Duffell moves swiftly and works to create a suitable outrageous atmosphere, working from the strangeness and witty writing by the hero, writer Robert Bloch. Kudos, Ray Parslow's crisp cinematography, and Michael Dress are also strikingly considered. It is highly recommended to fans of a comprehensive fear.
