<br /> <br /> Four horrific terrorist attacks on a heartbroken old palace are being investigated by skeptic Scotland Yard researcher Holloway (John Bennett). To describe the true glow of the Blood from the Blood, they only struggle to find the words. The Seventies horror anthology is so remarkable that such a visually imprudent film can lead to horror at the most sensitive gatekeepers. In an incredible way, the number of violent images on the screen can be counted on the one hand, but the film is still able to describe the scene and it is able to capture the most horrific views of viewers in their imagination; graphic violence. In a rare feature of the Early Seventies horror, the film's rarity is rarely flawless, with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, and Ingrid Pitt, the master of Peter Duffell and Macabre writer Robert Bloch (author of the Psycho novel) to describe the strange, flawless speeches, . The only real complaints that can happen to one is that "The Blood Is Destroyed" is at the end of the first two segments and the end of the picture is somewhat behind the wheel, but these are small details, the first section called "Criminal Procedure" , Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a creepy home-scared home-workman working on the latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer begins to see the killing of his story in the house and in the surrounding story and soon asks questions about the differences between art and reality. Elliott's performance in this work is truly exemplary and his character is incredibly stunning. As with the other parties, the key to this segment is the mystery surrounding events. The viewer's response to Dominic's murderous character is answered only if there is a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder, or whether the character is genuine. Duffellin's direction succeeds in creating an uncomfortable atmosphere that connects the segment with a slow, methodical approach to providing the tension and stability needed to delight much. <br /> <br /> The following section introduces Peter Cushing as a new occupation of the wicked man. While going to the city, a horror horror museum is encountered and it decides to enter. Yet, she finds the candle pattern of a beautiful woman who is very well-acquainted. The character of Cushing (Philip) was later joined by Philip's friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who wishes to visit many museums. In this segment, the viewer is like the mystery of wax, but in general, the audience remains in darkness. There is less tension for this particular story, yet the segment is still able to keep the mystery of ambition with a particularly thirsty dream sequence and general uncertainty of the story. Duffell's direction is once more exemplary, and although this is probably the weakest part of the four stories, he still denied that he was a good entertainer in some creative direction and a reliable player. <br /> <br /> Waxworks is the largest of four segments in my opinion? Sweets to sweets. Christopher Lee stems from the fear of a fire that has not been eliminated by Ann N Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter), who recently resided as a young girl's father, John Reid. But John has a dark secret about the family. "Sweet Sweeties" is easily the most sophisticated and complex of four stories, and therefore the segments are definitely compelled to follow. Small and delicate clues in the section were released on the truth behind the family, but not until the terrifying end stage, where everything was untouched. This is a good example of how Duffell's dramatic tension and perseverance can be used to create an atmosphere that prevents the entire movie from forming a great form. Accompanied by a well-designed soundtrack, "Sweet Desserts" is a series of continuous fears that keeps the watch of the throat intact, and does not give up on the abandonment of the dark spells that result in the end of this piece. Personally I believe that this short segment will make a fun and exciting movie, and I will rarely give it 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film came to an end with a story covering missing artists, first interested in the researcher. John Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt are now the stars of a horror film, starring two performers. Pertwee's character hates the movie's amateur production and requisites and, therefore, purchases his vampire coat from a strange store of his own. But strange things happen when they put on their clothes and soon they start to fear the worst. This segment of inspections between events is a great way to build a beautiful anthology. Despite the fact that the segments are an invincible camp atmosphere, in this way, how much the story likes. Unfortunately, in this segment, there are very few things that can be classified as fears, and still have features that are partial repayments, even though the foreseeable end can be better implemented. Horror enthusiasts, Pertwee's Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee's Dracula's description needs to be briefly explained. <br /> <br /> So funny and light hearted approach to the latter part is, in fact, natural and natural enough to end the picture, even though the film has dropped compared to the premature horror patterns. <br /> <br /> According to some information, "Blooded House" is one of the greatest fears of anthologies, which surpasses incredible casting, great stories and upward trends. Of course, there are worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and fans of blood and courage will be disappointed, and the fans of the more intense horror efforts will love this film very much. My rating? 8/10.
