The premiere of Q. B. Shoyun's "St Joan" (scenario by Graham Greene) has become one of the worst critical reactions of the day. Pseudo-elite was insulted, piers and spectators did not respond to a film that was not expected from a historical dynasty and charm. Like 'Peeping Tom', the reaction was also harmful and unfounded. The effects and actions of Preminger's show research on Joan's Arc (his original name in his own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is entirely loyal to the spirit of the original game. literally, not emotionally, but officially. His film is a Brechtian exam that distinguishes institutions within and within various fractions that want to seize power. <br /> <br /> Therefore, Joan is not allowed to identify emotional levels with any characters, including himself. <br /> <br /> As Jean Seberg (his later life offers a brilliant parallel to his role here), many actions and participation are presented as a clean, pure personality that identifies everyone's corruption and gaps. Like Seber's played both as Saint and Madwoman. The lack of her own experience as an actress when she filmed this film is the transfer of Jeanne's freshness and youth, as well as a modest, illiterate peasant girl driving her to protect the village of Jeanne la Pucelle is her natural intelligence. It was not worthy of criticism that the film was released at all in any way, it is a performance beyond any of the first and the first actress's experience of the previous actress. Shaw and the Preminger took a secular look like a prostitute who marries Joan and is a medieval feminist, and has not been content to marry a secular daughter. His images, voices, images, and imagination, combined with words such as "sense of allegiance," lead him to wear a soldier's armor to bring him into battle to escape the invading British. And yet, the movie Dauphin (Richard Widmark) is more interested in the office of clergyman Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, flawlessly beaten) and Joan's Warwick (Earl of Warwick) (John Gielgud), then Joan himself. Perfect ensemble religious (all men's) directorships are Machinists (who use the story Niccolo in advance) as opportunists who use religion as a child's toy to use and manipulate their religion for their children. The sharp armor dialog gives great fun to keep players free. John Gielgood, despite his weakness (although accompanied by corruption), allows him to accurately calculate how Joan can be burning, and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon brings this three-dimensional portrait to the clever theologian. He is guilty of a fair trial, will find. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a true inspiration. In spite of the choice of casting you will never find, Widmark describes France's weak future ruler in a crazy, comic cartoon that is approaching when it comes to a comic relief. <br /> <br /> A funny performance that Jerry Lewis feels as a mere imitation of being a leading future ruler in France. The premier, black and white '' Saint Joan '' shot, cinematograph Georges Perinal, Rene Clair and "Colonel Blimp's Life and Death" colorful. This film is perfectly limited to highlight the rational intellectual atmosphere. <br /> <br /> The advantage of Preminger's long-term shooting, which opens the film's effectiveness, is that there is no point in its mise-en-scene action. Also, Preminger's oldest (and most indifferent) attention focuses on individuals and their businesses, how the organization operates and how it behaves according to its principles. These topics get the best treatment in their movie, and as always, it keeps unexpected things and does not find any black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
