Cooling issue at German cinema "Gespenster" <br /> Over the last ten years, there are not many German films interested in me. Yes, most German films are in the film "Gespenster". It is cooked to be good to see in some places. Tony (Sabine Timento) has a very special figure. But this is always in German films. Everyone should learn this coolness - it's realism in films. It was difficult to understand. But in this case, it makes sense, because he stole and he lies - he is the sex of a girl you never love, because you lose her. The other girl in this movie is not clear for Nina. She loves her and she can lose her. But Nina lost everything. She will play soft emotion and sadness. There is no way - but you must take it, Herbert Achterbusch is twenty years old. Often the way to German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not in the law of society - it's outside, and there's no chance. These films try not to place anywhere inside. One of the problems is a foolish break with conventions - the fury of crime. Take it all away - do not go anywhere! But the actress makes this difficult part very interesting. On the other hand, there are two daughters who are dependent on parents. There is a car - a hotel suite - money and live in the world with opera music. But the movie always appears at a distance. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the center of this movie that you will never forget. Two girls took a cast. It is necessary to say how they find there. At this stage, Tony will be a liar. According to him, a fantastic story has nothing to do with it. And then Nina will tell the truth. He said this through an introversion. There are no exhibits here. He looked down and said what would happen here. This is a great moment. At the next stage, this feeling is going on in the party with red pictures - Tony escapes ... <br /> Well, the end of the film - the German way of dressing - the stream - here the Grief Circle is closed. But something else happened that moment - it was momentous. He is more than Germany - these moments are rare in German cinemas!
