The Gespenster-trilogy of director Christian Petzold with Gespenster (2005), Yella (2007) and Jerichow (2008) is undoubtedly one of the German-made creams of De-la-Krem. <br /> <br /> Gespenster's daughter explains the story of a French woman kidnapped as a 3-year-old boy, her mother turned around for 1 minute in Berlin and never saw her. Since then, she has been traveling to Berlin, with opportunities and searches with time-lapse photography for girls, whose age is about age. Later, as we heard in the film, his mother reassured Marie that she had already found her daughter. But when it comes to Nina, this time everything is different. <br /> <br /> The film does not offer solutions, and even partly does not offer solutions. If the mother is still living or not, we have not been able to decide whether she is really crazy. The most disappointing end is. After all that we witnessed in the film, it's a shame that the viewer's autenteen is not left alone as it had left Nina. A simple ride that symbolizes that nothing has changed has a strong effect on drama (f.ex. in Umberto D.), but was dismissed at Gespenster. <br /> <br /> Critics are suggesting Freud's motives in this film, let me take the initiative: Why do not similar people know one another, especially a person? According to Aristotle's logic, according to an individual concept, this is a very delusional question. An individual is a person who does not share any of his certain qualities with anyone else. Thus, the answer to my question is that of Aristotle: They do not know each other because their similarity is a pure change. Everyone who is not cunning believes. However, if these similar people share other similarities that may be difficult to change, for example, do they have a left-handed foot on their left shoes and a heart-shaped birthmark under the right shoulder blade? This is a metaphysical context in which the film is being implemented, although I am not sure that the director understands it. Aristotle contributes to our world, the modern world of mythology of the world, and despite the Aristotle world, similar people share a part of their individuality, and therefore, individuality is not something unusual, but diffusional, because open borders between people and similar thoughts, strong rational thoughts although it builds a strong irqational-solid style - the most exciting species of Gespenster.
