Several times on the German WWII you will see something a few times about World War II. They did not want to open up their old wounds, but there is not a single week without a documentary or film about the horrors and consciences of this war. Perhaps it's a way of dealing with the past, but you know you can not ignore the happenings. And most of these documentary films are worth the truth because they do not shine on true truth and can be said about the same movies (eg, Der Untergang or The Downfall.) One of these films is Rosenstrasse, Although the film begins with a family in the United States, she is involved in a mixed marriage during the real story and during the war.Hannah's father died suddenly becoming an Orthodox Jew, although he did not know much of his religion, nor did he know where his strange behavior was , but when her mother begins to dig in her challenging childhood, Hannah understands little about her mother's past <br /> <br /> In fact, this film deals with the mixed marriages in the Nazi regime, and it is surprising that, There was no other movie that he was dealing with : For many Jews, marrying a man or woman immediately said that they were not sent to one of the concentration camps but that they should work at a factory). However, while talking about the problems of mixed marriages, it also knows how often these people are seen by their parents and relatives. Sometimes it was difficult for them during the Nazi regime, and most of the women did what they could do to release women in their forces, such as Rosenstrasse and locked up ... <br/> , although the method I initially did not really have for me (and that's exactly what I needed to meet with you) trailer). Probably, I would only leave myself, but most of what happened today. As Hannah goes to Berlin and speaks to anyone who knows more about her mother's background, at least part of her work in the US is definitely working. <br /> <br /> If everything is connected to the Second World War, and you do not have to do many activities, this is definitely a movie. This is not a movie that will see any battle or gun sound, but it's an interesting movie because it gives you an idea of ​​one aspect of the war, but less known. I give it a 8/10.
