In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta mixes two stories to create love and boldly a live tapestry. The film reflects the story of German women demonstrating a family tragedy between a mother and daughter and protesting against the destruction of Jewish husbands over Rosenstrasse. In addition to dramatization of historical events, it is the result of a child's experience in rescuing a child from Germany from the Holocaust and losing a child's mother. Mrs von Trotta shows that few German dignity is different, and he does not apologize to the German society. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse shows that in the midst of torture and genocide, rich German artists and intellectuals have taken their lives and their party as it opened in New York. Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to hold a seven-day mourning for members of the Jewish family after a funeral, which has attracted all attention to the deceased. His daughter, Hannah (Maria Schrader), decided to follow an Orthodox tradition that her mother had denied earlier, after being banned by Hannah from the non-Jewish Hannah by her grandson Luis (Fedja van Huet). When Ruth rejected her brother coldly, Hannah asks her and learns about a woman named Lena, who was killed by the grandmother after killing and killing her mother as Ruth's child and promised to study Lena and her mother's secrets. <br /> <br /> His search Lena leads Doris Schade to Berlin and interviews her excuse that she is a journalist who investigates certain aspects of the Holocaust. With a memorable memory, Lena is seeking marriage to a 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), Jewish pianist Fabian Isra Fischer (Martin Feifel), despite the disappearance and arrest, her protection is often given to mixed marriages with Jews. <br /> <br /> Lena, in a conscious execution of Reimann, finds that her husband and other Jews were held in an old factory at a factory in Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> The companion of the freezing night, raising the number of days outside the building, thousands of people will shout, "Give us back our husbands." Lena Ruth (Svea Lohde) finds a young girl in her mother's home. Protecting the Gestapo, helping her grow up after killing her mother. Lena is an aristocratic German family and recently a brother of the Wehrmacht, his brother from Stalingrad. After banned from being released from the father, Fabiani said, "I know what they do to the Jews." Taking into account his support, he is enough to throw the canals and overtake his beauty and appeal to prove that a woman who is not recognizable to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels. Although this part of the film is criticized as an insult to women's protesters, Goebbels is a historical fact in making decisions about Rosenstrasse. Margaret von Trotta, activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. Socialist Rosa pulled a film about Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne. One of them was a story between the two sisters taking political action to fulfill their liberal goals. Rosenstrasse, an eight-year-old filmmaker, was forced to compromise by adding the so-called elemental element to shoot his film. It works well for Mrs. von Trotta's workmanship and a beautiful scenario by refugee Pamela Katz from his father, Leipzig. The events in Rosenstrasse deny the Germans, saying, "There is nothing we can do." Now, von Trotta, on the contrary, has shown that something can be done to resist the Nazis. For example, disregard of the sample is a disaster.
