Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman of the late thirty, widowed woman living with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a gentleman who works more than a true love. Before the wedding, Johnny leaves to visit his sick mother and plays Loretta with her brother Ronny olive leaf. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not give up (and later his future bride-to-be) cause of Johnny's hand losing his hand, but it falls to Loretta and becomes difficult. After a busy job, Loretta tries to escape from Ronny to escape Johnny's dignity, but her dark appearance and strong personality win him. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Gul Kastorini (Olympia Dukakis), does not doubt that her husband meets Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) with another woman, but also a subject of admiration from a college professor and why women are following the women. Written by Johnny Patrick Shanley, a profound insight into the story of Italian Americans, in New York, it is true: it gets idiosyncrasies of these people and their daytime faibles and quirks, and all the characters are with the key moments within the story There is a deep romance of income. Loretta emerges as a woman swept by the sudden recognition of a delicate, slow-knit love that knows a lucky chance of happiness with her husband, happens to be the hero of La Boheme - a wooden fifty men who accept love (with a clever sex disarmament), and Cher lives and turns her into reality, and betrays a deep, dark beauty in her own style. Ronny is a clean shot, and Nicholas Cage leaks men's power as Marlon Brandon sews. Castorini and Cappomaggi, both of whom are confronted by a central pair, and express one another in two very important moments: the last couple, Loretta and Ronny, and the full moon night when they finish their work - love and <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Only romantic comedy and not an election film, but a good test of love and passion among regular people. Finally, a cycle of emotional impacts goes beyond sudden aggravation to cement the family situation with the tradition of immigrants' days, and this is a film that only feels better for a classic movie. MOONSTRUCK has earned the Oscars for the best writing, actress and supporting actress, and has gone too far.
