When I first released in 1980, I saw Heartland and saw it again. Improves your age. Heartland is not just for fans of "indie" movies. Heartland remains part of America's history when most American films are less than attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is overstated or stagey. Nobody accepts Hollywood movie speeches. Actors really play their roles. It really looks like a "small" movie, but actually is more than a million dollar Hollywood production. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (a widow with her 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom)) lives in Denver, but has done more and has never done a better job than Conchata Ferrell. He is preparing for a job as a household officer. Advertisement Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of the most admirable actors), answered a widow, himself born in Scots, with a room at Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts his position (seven dollars a week!) And moves up to Wyoming with his daughter. She and her daughter are moving to Stewart's little house on the property. This is the place where the rotten, woodless roaring, and the eternal vistas of silence, broken only by the voices of these people and animals. A person is guaranteed to feel small. The three characters go for a long time without seeing another human soul. Stewart turns out to be the worst, almost silent point. Elinore complains to Nana Landauer: "I can not talk to a man, it's better to learn before winter." Granny is one of the two other characters that have long been seen, and she has gone from Wyoming to Germany many years ago and now she is also widowed (and his local employer) and still live ten kilometers away! <br /> <br /> Elinor's job (and his employers) is an infinite place where there are no modern possibilities and where everything is done , the real meat of the movie: The true flesh of the film: The fight against the nature, fighting against a man living in the land, watching the normal life, but in spite of constant fatigue and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other possibilities. He is confident that he is a property a (twelve dollars or nearly two weeks pay!), that is, if he lives in it (and he really lives there), and he's been working for ten years. Of course, Stewart learns what he does. Unscrupulously, he has no chance of success if he has no money, no livestock, no credit or no asset. She offers a solution: She proposes marriage. Terrible Elinore understands and accepts that this is the only alternative. <br /> <br /> We think Stewart's proposal is completely Machiavelli, he wants land and free work, but in fact, he really loves Elinore and they grow together as a couple. Pregnant remains; a scream goes to work in the middle of the blizzard; Clyde returned with ten minutes to ten miles and ten miles to announce the grandmother was not there. It is more pleasant than real life, more than a nation. Elinore has a baby without any help. His son is still a child when he dies while he is ill. Half of the cattle lose their whirlwind. They are fighting. The final sequence in the film should be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde urgently calls Elinore to deliver calves. Instead of heading first, a calf is offering a foot press. She and Elinore should be physically devoid of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronic, deception, prostitution or special effects: what you see, nation: A calf lamp is born on a wooden warehouse in a straw bed. <br /> <br /> This film does not end because it just stands, it does not end up in the audience, but after a while, the film appraises the whole thing, not just to finish it. <br /> <br /> This little gem and thoughtlessness. Most of the films of the last generation will have to wait long after being forgotten for a long time.
