I'm usually a good filmmaker for romantic films that are well-run and well-functioning. This is a romantic (epochal) film, and it is 17th century Italy, but with English subtitles it is shot in French. The fact that the film is a periodic film will mean that in the present-day films it will inevitably be slowly, so it will bring some things. If you ignore this fact, it's actually a really good movie. Decoration, costume and cinematography are wonderful and are very striking with key actors and actress images, and therefore reflect the intensity of emotions they are working on. The story looks like a sad love story that does not end with an unhappy ending. It believes that real life symbols are accurate. Despite the fact that the main character and story really conveyed me, I decided to check the story's truth and the story of the story of the story - the story of the unforgivable unfinished love - was completely understood. was prepared. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, presented in a passionate and passionate manner as she prepared the film. She continued to have sex with her because she had repeatedly said she wanted to marry her. As to the Court, Artemisia did not accept the offense of aggression (unlike the film that featured the film). In fact, Artemisia was trying to portray her as an empty, dark woman with unbearable sexual challenges. In the film, his brother Tassi had sex with his brother and said that all of Tassi's character had been slandered by his sister in connection with his alleged job. his brother (although he had a wife in Florence). Of course, it's almost not really the case. In fact, from far. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of her husband born of rape. To add, Tassi really had sex with her father-in-law and brought her into the process, but it was not really interfering - still raping her mother before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture about real Tassi as many sex offenders, what are we doing about the movie that describes it as Artemisia's lover? We regard this film as an attempt to make a romantic movie ... the history of this film is never accurate ... Moreover, as in the interpretation of Artemisia art, in other noteworthy realities, it is never the case that Tassi's painting style and was actually a better artist than Tassi's time.) One thing really remains, and Artemisia Gentileschi's first female artist is the art of craftsmanship, despite the fact that he faced many men in his work in the 17th century, had difficulty getting enough credits for them. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie is a very nice romantic drama for itself, but it keeps its historical references with salt.
