Serhio Martin is the director of the film. This shocking mystery made by scenic scenes by Ernesto Gestaldi develops very interesting stories from the film to the worst possible finish. Everything falls to the ground, "Ahh .." will be filmed around her husband's death (an air blast) and a million dollars wife. Those who show great interest in this money, especially the dead person's lady. His wife Lisa (Ida Galli) and Mexican Lara (Janine Reynaud), who demand half of the money. Lisa knows that death is organized by her to get her insurance. Lara said she would use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get her money. Now, the film has two suspects in the killing of Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton describes Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates inheritance to see if the payment date is collected by suspicious means. Lisa is suspected of being killed when she's being killed by a person who has been up from her head in the living room, her room at the clock. Discipline Stavros and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) also decide to investigate themselves while helping to find the killer. The murderer shoots several times as many as millions of dollars lost by someone responsible for the assassination of Lisa. Soon, a journalist Cléo Dupont (tasty, sweet Anita Strindberg) follows Peter as he meets Peter for a meal he can discover everything Peter and Peter can do with a story. They soon fell in love, but it seems that everyone near Peter was killed. Soon, someone is attacking Cléo, who intends to kill the pushed the investigation into unopened areas. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty clever and exciting thing to pursue. The film is not really a very important thing because it's a lot of trouble to get the murder identity. This film follows the path of the knife with a knife for a particular model taken by the killer (throat and lower torso). The result of the movie completes all complex idle and is quite satisfying. The film has some unique camera angles, but it provides the product with driving and mystery performance.
