Sergio Martino is a great director who has contributed greatly to the cinema in the Italian genre and has been in the gigantic repertoire of Gialli since the 1970s. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. In 1971, The Scorpion's Tale Case, Martino, contributed to the Italian sub-genre of Horror and is another proof that this man is a master of the atmosphere, style and decline. In 1972, "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice of Mrs" ("Torso"), 1972, "Wardh" (1971), all of which I like most. <br /> <br /> The La Coda Dello Scorpione is an important film for every fan of the Italian Horror movie. <br /> <br /> From the outset, tantalizing tension has a complex and capture area that begins with the mysterious killing of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance inspector Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is assigned to examine the terms of the insurance company that the deceased will pay a large sum for his wife. Shortly after Lynch's research, one person is killed in a miserable way, which is the beginning of a series of crimes ... <br /> <br /> The claim of "Scorpio Queue" is that all the elements need a great Giallo needs. The film has been bewildered since the beginning, Bruno Nicolai's account is brilliant, the plot is a wonderful thing and the murder remains a mystery until the end of his identity. Regularly Giallo's leading man, George Hilton, has a superior performance. Hot Anita Strindberg is definitely in the leadership of women. Alberto de Mendoza, another great actress who has to become acquainted with the great Luigi Pistilla, and any other lover of Italian cinema, is one of the brightest regular examples of the Italian cinema in the 60s and 70s. Athens, which takes part in the majority of films, is really a beautiful place for Giallo. The atmosphere is always strong and photography is great, and Bruno Nicola's skillful score leads to more tension. Long story short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is absolutely essential for any other Giallo and any sub-genre of Sergio Martino! Stylish, suspenseful and great in all relationships!
