I've been attracted to take the "Scorpion Trail" award from 10 to 10, but I think the 1970's Italian horror movie is better than the typical cheese I have ever tasted. However, although it is not an extra point for nostalgia, it is a true masterpiece and earns a great degree for its perfect rough story, unconscious atmosphere, blood-killing sequence, and superior casting choices. In my esteemed thinking, this is actually Sergio Martino's best mirror, which means something like "Ward Wardh's Strange Deputy," "All Darkness of Darkness," "Torso," and "Your Dept is Closed." The room and I only get all the top-level genres in the "Key". But this movie is a little bit better with its ultra-attractive plan that goes against an insurance fraud that goes beyond control. Lisa Baumer, a plane crash (!), Has a million dollars suspect immediately after his death, and wants to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to unusual circumstances, the insurance company puts Peter Lynch, the best investigative worker in charge, and leads him to Greece. There, Lisa is the target of many attacks and increases the secret of the work when several people hunt for money. When I'm definitely shortening gialli, I always worry about it, because I do not want to get away from the main elements of the plot. In the "Scorpio Queue", events happen even half a moment before suddenly and completely unexpectedly, and I certainly do not want to destroy it for you. After that, there are many red purple, but Sergio Martino always stays in front of you and nevertheless, if you are not 100% satisfied, the trial is at least astonishing. It is a very stylish movie with Bruno Nicolai's camera work and excellent music. Everyone's most beloved giallo museum Edwige Fenech is strangely superior (he's at least 3 other high Martino Giali stars), but Anita Strindberg ("Who killed you killed?") Is a decent replacement for her. George Hilton, a brilliant and resourceful, is, as always, the role of the insurance policy and reliable? duh deluxe luxury women. If you are an admirer of Giallo, do not wait long for this movie !!!!
