Joan Crawford began a dynamic "working girl" stage with a new "listening girl" (1930). Previously did not play such a role and the critics were surprised. Joan listened to the public as long as other actresses were wondering why their career was incomplete (because they were part of "things" a few years ago, but now they are related to their fiancé's) Joan and provided longevity as an actress. The depression was here and the jazz-age babies survived an endless process of parties. Of course, if you were rich by immoral means, it would be good if you were suffering from it. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with a gorgeous home-made party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl out there - especially everyone has a swimwear of their own clothes! However, when Bonnie's father had a heart attack, Bonnie and her brother, Rodney (William Bakewell), were aware of their real friends because of stock market losses. Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Poor Man Johnny Mack Brown) offers "good thing" and proposes to marry - Bonnie spent one night together when she announced that she had approved (with denial) - a job in a newspaper and soon he will be surprised by his will. He is instructed to write about his working friend Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and the team's internal activities. Rodney also surprises her with the news that she has a job. It is exciting for her, but it is soon realized and mixed with a bloody killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney is witnessing mass shootings and breaking into the first human being, who sees Bert as drinking bar, breaks down like "bean beard." He was then forced to kill Bert and then hid. The newspaper sends Bonnie secret to find Bert's murderer and dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan is a lively dance for Accordian Joe - more than Sylvie's hate). <br /> <br /> This film ends in an armed fight, and as Rodney dying, Bonnie also touched his phone in her story. <br /> <br /> This is a super movie that gives all the movies together with Crawford and Gable. Natalie Moorehead was a stylish "other woman" who had her fashionable appearance in the early thirty-year, when Sylvie shared the "cigarette scene" known to Gable in the early stage of the film. William Bakewell had a great career (beginning in the mid 20's as a teenager in Douglas Fairbanks). Although his roles were many, he was weak, spinseless characters. In this film he played his weaker brother and was completely shadowed by Joan Crawford and dynamic newcomer Clark Gable - perhaps he was no star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
