Ahista Ahista is a little small shiny. I started watching it, and as the pacing was slow, I gained a bit at first and the main idea of ​​a person who met a lost girl was not really new. But as the film continued, I gradually became gradually engaged in film, fantasy writing, and charming romance. The film was very simple and natural, and after some time I watched the real documents of a man's life. The film has a good reason to get this feeling and there is fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is a simple, kindhearted and struggling companion of Anchor, who encourages his new love for the better life and struggle for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as a fairy tale prankster, but also a helper and a loving person who will do something like everyone else to protect his love. Describes all the different colors of the Deol character, either positively or negatively, naturally and with ease. <br /> <br /> Sivam Nair's direction is very good. The images of the people in the village are very good, but even more effective, for Anchor is something that affects him with various people, including his relationship with friends and love, Megha. Nair, I like the fact that a friend who says "aunt" describes the interaction of a friend with a high and mature mother. She loves infestation and anger, but we can see that she has a very special place in her heart and looks at her as a mother-of-pupil on several occasions. Except Abhay, the rest made a good speech. Although Soha Ali Han did not fit me, she was good and she had her mother's charm. <br /> <br /> Actors who performed Ankara's friends were as good as an actress playing Anchor's "Aunt". <br /> <br /> Apart from the performance, the film's recordings were also remarkable. Dialogs were ordinary, but bright, and the script was also fantastic. The main thing is that, in spite of a new story, it was never immortal or melodramatic and did not try to look bigger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was Himesh Reshammiya's thirsty music that was not suitable for this movie. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a nice watch and it was better with every scene. Understanding can not be new, but the movie is becoming more and more awkward when it comes to fresh look and story. The last was not over, sad, yet optimistic. In short, this movie is really slowly developing, and it can easily be combined with the amazing writing, moving moments, attractive romance, realistic processes, and, of course, Abhay Deol's unforgettable performance.
