By 1909, D.W. Griffith is directing films for Biograph for about a year and? two or three times per week? As a film maker, he began to develop his skills rapidly. The 'Sealed Room' is an interesting part of a very exciting 11-minute short melodrama, which is part of an early horror. A simple narrative refers to a powerful king who has been inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 source for "Amontillado's Source" and wearing a sadistic shirt to punish his wife's blasphemy. <br /> <br /> In the medieval era, 'Sealed Room' controlled the structure of a segmented pigeon with a windowless window starting with the king (Arthur V. Johnson), he and his wife (Marion Leonard) use one's company. Undoubtedly, he loves it, always showing love, this last act is a charming achievement of his love. But, without knowing the king, his wife was in love with the royal slavery (Henry B. Walthall). Especially in a romantic relationship in a room built, when a wife and a slave are found, the saddened king is a means of penalty for ignorant couples. Silently, he invites his employees to shut down the only door with stone and mortar to slowly fall into humanity, as each new stone is laid. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has always had a sharp look and "Sealed Room" is an excellent example of this. Great spectacular medieval suits give the film a sense of reality and seem pretty original to make the castle feel convincing. At that time, the director was the premier method of screaming, and as the film progressed, I decided to find out what would happen to the young lover. In the early moments, Griffith stops the shooting for a long time (as usual always), but soon? gradually parallel to the dark topic? its adjusting tactics change dramatically. Although he should not invite the technique, is it important for Griffith to promote the use of the "intersection"? that is, it creates variability between different events at the same time. Just as it is a feeling of endurance, we also increase the level of protection not only of the horrible actions of the king but also of the spouse and obedient, as the audience. all this. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, it is experiencing many deficiencies in the 'Sealed Room' era. The whole film takes place in only two rooms, with only three positions, and is therefore sometimes inclined to be boring and monotonous. Operational exits are exaggerated for added effects, but at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his overplaying helped to adopt the increasingly madness of a truly treacherous king. Especially when I thought I was impressive, when two lovers tried to get out of the room, only one door was replaced by a stony stone. Their panic reactions are accompanied by the silent manicure spark of the king, providing excellent service to create the anticipated feeling of claustrophobia. However, I thought the supply of oxygen was exhausted.
