In the first decade of the 20th century, when he first sold scenes to the new film industry, in 1908, dramatist D.W. Griffith has done something to make him a legend: he was hired as a film director for Biograph. Griffith did not know what to expect when he decided to enter the film business, but he accepted the job and became Biographin's most successful director thanks to his unique approach to filmmaking and natural inventions for less than a year. his povesti. Many years later, in 1915, he directed the film "The Birth of a Nation", which would be the first film to be filmed; However, in the early years of his career, Biograph has been able to find many things he can do with a great filmmaker in his numerous short films. Since 1909, "Sealed Room" is one of them and is one of the few fear movies of the first 10th century of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> The "Sealed Room" built a windowless window of its castle in Count (Arthur V. Johnson) in the 16th century. Small but beautiful and very comfortable room, because his wife is used to make Countess (Marion Leonard) love and company more specifically. However, Count does infatuated with the Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) at the Court, and has nothing to do with it, because Count does not know that his wife is not fully committed. Count deals with his job, Countess Minstrel invites you to enjoy the new room Count of both lovers. When he returns to Count, he feels that he is missing and begins to doubt, finally, revealing two lovers in his room; <br /> <br /> <strong> Written by Griffiths's regular staff. Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room", based on Edgar Allan Poe's "Legend of Amontillado" and largely based on the elements of Honoré De Balzac's "La Grande Breteche" of betrayal and sadism Woods' scenario is a very good way to develop the story and play very well with the terrifying elements of the story, despite the 11-minute working time, despite the heartwarming melodrama, focusing on the character and loyalty of Woods, "Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but the development of Woods' dark and morbid thematic work is a story that is very different from Griffith's melodrama. <br /> <br /> In Griffith's "Sealed Room," her talents are tense and tense he uses his experiment differently than ever before, when he was editing to create excitements that would make the audience more excited, he was in the focus of attention in the film, which caused the desperation and horror played by claustrophobia in stories. It is slow to accelerate as the story begins to play as another melodrama, and slowly as horror begins to dominate the field, and is used extensively for the final scenes. While the camera tricks are not a movie, the most important thing in the "Sealed Room" is the ability to direct Griffith's actors. The legendary director manages to get the most out of his shooting style with the usual natural style. As usual, the castle consisted of Griffith's ordinary employees, starting with Arthur Johnson, Count. Johnson exhibits a great performance and moves the transition from her husband's favorite character to the sadistic monster. His performance adds realism to the exaggerated character of the character, rather than the superficial touch. Like countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and does not have to be sincere in his betrayal, which is very effective in delivering natural charm. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall looks like a beautiful Minstrel and is trying to give the film an experienced player who adds a nice touch to the movie, even though he is far from one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to see other members of the Griffith fund as the nobleman in court, like his wife, Linda Arvidson, and young Mary Peakford. <br /> The masterpiece, The Sealed Room, is an important embodiment of the arrangement to create tension and tensions such as Griffith used recently. The film has a very good design, and while looking at very low budgets, Griffith's story looks very convincing and works perfectly with its director. Changing attention to horror is different from other films of that era and transforms Johnson's performance into an hour's worth as sadistic count. Griffith will always be remembered for his prestigious (and controversial) "Birth of a nation", although he is really the first short film he has prepared before making a good idea of ​​the technique development and making him a legend. Simple, but elegant, "Sealed Room" is an entertaining movie to watch one of the horrors of the first ten of the 20th century. 7/10
