Something about the 40-year-old Elderly Virgin and other comic books is similar to Toy Crashers, but on the one hand are two different films. Both are romantic comedies that, along with ordinary hospitality, have the top, crazy sensitivity that keeps teenagers and young people in the 20's to see the movies. Both have some formulas for stories. However, until the end of the 40-year-old Elderly Sister, I generally think it is more than Crashers. Although Steve Carrell's character is predictable where Andish and Catherine Keener have a relationship with Trish, they are not the primary ones to understand with Crashers, but the characters are both promising and supportive, realistic, the majority of one dimensional or unrecognized . <br /> <br /> Some people can come in with something that 40-year-old Steve Carrell does not even know. Carrell's Daily Show (now in one of my favorite shows) and Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn when he set up his religious status in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty in small but unforgiving lying roles. This is not the role he plays for his first role, but as a third-rate tool. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character that he keeps on the side of the audience, and even speaks again when he looks at his movement figures. In addition, this is a sensitive line in the rental hands. It can be fun for 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also related to sexual dysfunction). As you can see from the title, Andy is a 40-year-old man with a nice little boyfriend along with a little Pee-Wee Herman (a joyful, good sign to open his apartment loans). <br /> <br /> So his friends (Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comic foil) showed different criteria and instructions to finally break Andy's head on his head. to speak. She gets into a very drunken woman, almost like a girlfriend and almost with her boss (Jane Lynch, too laughable at mockumentaries). But all of a sudden, everybody goes to the left when it comes to a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works all along the street. You can be worried that the plot device can get comedy through how "they will explain these things" because they have established a relationship that is not sexually explicit. It does not do that. In fact, if there's anything, Carrell and casting will build up very high. <br /> <br /> There was only a moment when I was laughing or laughing for nearly a half of the two-hour time of the movie. <br /> <br /> Lots of great laughter, or one or two less bitter stories (colleagues also have problems with their relationship, Rudd is the most exchange rate). Carrell's reactions generate big laughs, and those around her may have humor / charm, or some of her truth. Keener gives a very good performance, and there's a real mood for his relationship (and there is nothing like "Crashers", in this sense, not a meaningful characteristic). Carrell gets a very high score here for someone who loves me when I can smile after looking at a comedian's face. And like a Farrelly Brotherhood movie, the more horrible or ugly scenes are commonly absurd; the scene of the movie (actually realized) and the type of quartz musical number until the end of the film (a surprise surprise, in the first place). But if you are dependent on being disfigured from it, where have you come from more? This is one of the most interesting films of the year.
