The criticism of the film "EVENING", based on the novel by Susan Minot and screened by Minot and Michael Cunningham, is harsh and unfortunate that most of the film refused to film the audience. The first critique is that in this film, a woman who has fewer minorities forms a summer youth, the very popular players are given very small roles, a large number of production, and so on. This viewer had a very different reaction to the DVD's look at the silence of the house. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies at home with her ocean and her medication, and her memories can be shared with her two great daughters, Nina (Tony Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) - 'Harris' gives. When her daughters sat in the bedroom, Ann protested against Lily's Buddy (Hugh Dancy), as Ann (Claire Danes Young Ann), while restoring a special release when she was married for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer). Lila's love for a boy from her class would have been felt instead of the boy he loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), his doctor's son, and a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann Ann, together with a series of infatriations and romances that have been kept secret until now, just like Danny, 50 years after Ann. Old Lila (Meryl Streep) Ann comes to the end and secrets: "There is nothing wrong - life goes on." The film is a delicate piece of thought and is rich in script and atmosphere of fine-grained life by Minot and Cunningham. Yes, there are story gaps where more explanations can be used, but such "holes" can be understood to protect the nostalgia aura of a deceased woman. The film is a short, but very tight speeches by Redgrave, Richardson (the daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (Steve's original daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. The setting is beautiful (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is repeated by Jan A. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("not being Julia") directs. Give this movie to yourself .... Grady Harp
