Many beautiful actresses in a movie served as a practical invitation to a local movie house, and I am responsible for that. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is so big when you're lying in bed. It does not seem to be too old, and I do not think it will be achieved with a lot of makeup, which is a good thing for the movie, a sad thing for cinema artists. I think his age has somewhat aggravated in recent years. Claire Danes continues to return to the movies and leaks a certain temperature. The likeness of Mamie Gummer's mother, Merlin Streep, is striking in terms of physical appearance and style of action, so I lost concentration in the movie after a couple of minutes of her introduction. She is surprisingly good; but such a similarity is in danger of being counterproductive. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson has done a lot of plastic work on his face. And, of course, I remember how to recall her previous films (like Nell). Unfortunately, it does not seem as convincing as Tony Collette's sisters, and they can not have a little impression. Their relationship is weak. In addition, Tony Collette is a very old way for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had more screenshots. Streepin performance is really less than a community. On the other hand, his scenes have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides a dry mind with a second role as a cheerful nightmare, especially for Redgrave's character. As for men; Although Hugh Dancy performs more than it needs, the film revives it. In fact, he begins to drift after leaving the story. It also manages to create the sense of necessity in the audience. On the other hand, Patrick Wilson is a complete gap in the center of the film. He also regrets that the scripts are inadequate to explain how much of the three people (one of them) has been harassed by this person. <br /> <br /> The kinetic is as good as expected. But the main summer house could not convince me. Especially the grass patch on the front does not look naturally above this rocky hill. In general, the film is a high-level production, but most of the earlier experiences of this story have been unexpectedly for a long time, and as a consequence, it did not have the expected negative impact on me. However, he still managed to give me ideas about the expectations of my life and how much they were done or not. I'm working on at least DVDs, if not in the movie ...
