I love all the dogs, even if I'm a boy, go to heaven. These are the best animated films ever created by The Land of Don Bluth. New Orleans by Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) helps to free the pound in 1939. Charlie in casino business wants to share with his partner, Carface (Vic Tayback). Charlie does not want to share it with Carface Charlie pushes a car on a bridge over killing her! Charlie goes to paradise and gets acquainted with Annabelle (Melba Moore), who stops Charlie and tells him that all the dogs go to paradise, showing an hour when his time is over, because all the dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides behind the backrest and returns and Annabelle returns to the world with cries, You can not go back! Charlie comes with itching and they are in a short time to investigate Carface not only trying to kill Charlie, but she also misses an orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). Carnie helps Charlie and Ann Marie get rid of when she leaves. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie are looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who thinks she's going to be great parents! Ann Marie, when talking to couples, Charlie squeezes the man behind and holds his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy will then go to a horse racing horse, which will throw horse money to your horse! They said they would fire and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie paid $ 1000 for betting! Charlie Ann-Marie promises that she will use the money for the poor, but she gets winds to buy a new casino and gamble, and gets a friend of Flo (Loni Anderson) and a puppy for a puppy. Soon, Ann Marie Charlie learned that she had stolen her purse and used her horse racing and everything else! Charlie is sad about it There is a dream to go to hell and devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and Ann Marie goes! She left her wallet to return the wallet and return to the couples who invited them to breakfast! Charlie asks her to leave with Anna and orders her to be ill, but they are caught by mice trying to feed them to King Gator, but she will succeed! Soon Carface shows and holds Ann Marie. She intends to drown her, but Charlie comes to rescue and calls Carface eating King Gator. Charlie's time has come and will die again. The itching with the help of other dogs finds couples who are taking Ann Marie and wanting to come with them wherever they are. They have time to get rid of Ann Mari, but it's too late for Charlie to end his time! Ann Marie greets paradise with heroic efforts to protect her, but she says she is happy for her husband Ann Marie before entering and asks her to take care of the disease. Yes, he says and Charlie says he loves it and is happy! Charlie re-enters paradise to go all the lions to heaven! Completed with beautiful animation, characters and story, Don Bluth has reassured us that it is a good animator! This is my favorite Disney movie, the release of the Little Mermaid in the same year is very bad! Both of them were born in 1989. I have to call them the best animation features of 1989! 10 to 10!
