Denzel will know what to expect from Washington's debut - knowing what Washington can do to look at its overall performance, its quality, integrity, gravity, and heart humor. Many of Robert De Niro's A Bronx Tales, Antwone Fisher, provide a moving drama of a young man's life and the effects of key figures in his life. A Bronx Tale played one of these characters playing De Niro (who was born into a character but was too old). Washington has played a similar role as a father's advisor in this regard - a character seems to have been played 20 years ago by Washington. The Holy Washington Antwone is too old to play, because if it had been deprived of its well-balanced and intelligent nuclear performance, first of all, as a Sea Advisor. More importantly, we will not look superior, we can only hope for the star, and we can revert to Derek Luke in the lead role. Inevitably this character is poured into Washington, but not for Washington's leadership, it is not that Luca is trying to copy it, but rather that Luka really is a powerful actor and has created an actor like Washington. It took a long time for Washington, Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In Blue Dress and Hurricane to receive the award, and we hope Luka does not have to wait long. And also a great cast piece was Joy Bryant, like Cheryl, Fisher's lover. The party could have been an unforgettable support or imbues with the standard 'girlfriend' role Bryant's life. The tendering and intelligent role oversteps the stereotypes of Bryant and makes this part important and exciting. This does not mean that Bryant is the most attractive woman you see in celluloid this year - just smiling, the coldest heart. Capability and appearance - why is this woman not now prepared in everything? Sally Richardson has a good role in a small role like Washington's wife, Berta. Most Hollywood actresses can manage all movies that want to be viewed with silence or more, and warn all stories since each expedition. As for Washington's leadership, as I said, it is equal to the leadership of its actor. Taking the story of a man, a few spectators have heard that Washington is a difficult job with aplomb. The film was neither frustrated nor sad, but it never felt slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced by perfect balance of humor and drama. Antwone Fisher, for those who love great, explosive, cunning Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a delicately sophisticated piece of delicate speeches and a well-directed direction, this is for you.
