Unlike other commentators who comment on the film's ability to overcome this film, on the contrary, this powerful movie presents a complex and deep story that touches on institutional racism and its effects. Washington takes care of Fisher's story carefully and critically, refusing this kinematic attempt to break down the bodies of women, stop ineffective stereotypes, and wait for white eyes. In my opinion, this movie can be a bit happy at the end; But deeply rooted in African-American culture and some white-eyed people, where the Afro-American Antwone Fisher could have a sense of well-being. I have problems with the Sea direction of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men in the situation of Fisher or similar. Black movie: "What is black movie?" Those who are waiting for the film can come to this movie. <br /> <br /> Pimps, prostitutes, drug dealers, single mother homes and so on. "As director of Washington, I knew that they were dealing with African-Americans and people with color problems, and drove them out of aggression to name many, historically and presently only" light and safe "<br /> <br /> In this racist country, Denzel is in Washington , say that "mosquitoes" and other white films, like their white partners, and Derek Luke, will probably have to wait ten years before Oscar or anything else, both of which have the usual racist and sexist stereotypes Denzel "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before the "Day of Training" before Oscars, denying those who refused to give up their unreasonable work for other great actresses and colorful actors. not to leave or to leave aside Hollywood, on the contrary, "American Beauty," "Midnight of Good and Bad Garden", "American Pie," "Midnight," "Discounts," <br /> <br /> Derek Luka is a co-writer and I best regards Denzel's other straight-haired, lightweight skin sisture was selected, while other actresses and actors gave excellent speeches. That is, everyone should watch this movie. But it can not be for everyone. Much Luv. 10/10
