Based on a true story, this film is for the first time a director and a longtime actor, Denzel, comes from Washington. Denzel Washington gave us the best performances in the last decade, as a fighter, a black soldier in the Civil War, and a lawyer in the famous Philadelphia. Of course, last year, Denzel was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor on the Day of Retirement, when he became the first African American to be awarded the Best Actor Award in Washington. Dengel wanted a change in tempo, so he chose Antwone Fisher, and he was the stars. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, the newest in silver screen, but has made some speeches at television shows like Queens of King and appears on Biker Boyz's future film shoot. <br /> <br /> This is a really good movie, given Denzel's leadership for the first time in Washington. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt a kind of commitment and believed in the real life of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher was sent to see a Navy psychiatrist called Jerome Davenport, a young Australian man on a continual fight, and a special trial by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps her to survive by finding a maternity mother who has to deal with Antwone's past and being in prison because of her birth. What makes this movie good is not so much melodrama. I was expecting something a bit like a good hunt, a very strange, battle and honest. Well, I did not like the Wild Cow, or the protagonist, battlefield, and weakness of the movie. On the contrary, on the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I think that Washington wanted to make a storytelling to dramatically affect the story. Do not misunderstand me, the moments we perceive when we look closer to the world are experiencing moments when we live and experiences moments. Finally, at the first session of his psychiatrist, in the character of Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer is "under a rock," an outspoken pressure from the spirit of Antwone Fisher. But I did not think it was sensational for the dramatic effect of this movie. I think that Denzel is a realistic story to give Washington a more realistic story and to avoid typical clichés in Hollywood movies, even the true stories. Antwone Fisher is a point that I want to train about. Speeches in all films were good, but not great. Sometimes it is clear that the main heroes are actors, but in general, it is ridiculous to complain about speeches in this film. In this film I want to note that an actress is Viola Davis. He plays Antwone's mother, but says at least two sentences in the film, but not so much because of the end of the movie, but his long-lived son, Antwone, is shocked to find him. If he did not use it, I'd like to show him as an actress. She was basically a character actress and I did not see her playing a role in any reality. She performed Farewell Paradise and Solaris in the speeches such as Traffic, Vision, Kate and Leopold. Steven Soderberg played a scientist in a space artifact, transforming Solaris into an orbit of a planet. He faced the character of George Clooney in the film, and he was tearing down Clooney on a special occasion. When I see Solaris for the first time, I remember thinking of the tears on the stage and that this woman could move. You can feel the sadness of this character. They gave so much testimony in this short film of his face, and felt very passionate about the character's sadness and anxiety. I think there is certain potential as an actress, and maybe more of the top roles should be used, not as a single actress. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good film. Denzel Washington, as always, has a great performance and gives us great debut debut. Derek Luka is also a very talented player. Antwone Fisher, I think, will bring great critical reputation to describe the man who is upset, but I think his popularity will increase with the release of Bicker Boyz along with Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on Antwone Quenton Fisher's book Finding Fish: A Memoir. ***
