Anais says Marcel Proust: "The real journey of the discovery is to see new eyes, to see new eyes." "Anais Nin Marcel Proust says:" The risk of a buddhist intoxication was more painful. "" The author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new scenes and prevented the jinn from seeing the world through new eyes. based on the findings of his "Finding Fish", his film is dramatized in the film, Antwone Fisher, by Denzel Washington's first director. <br /> <br /> Today is a heartbreaking look at the painful process of avoiding the exhaustion of the past. <br /> <br /> After several frenzied events, patients are required to attend therapeutic sessions, with painful aspects of the childhood period, reminiscent of his life at meetings with growing Antwone (Derek Luke) Navy Psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington) but does not want to talk, The floods began when her father was killed by a girlfriend and was released by her mother after being released from prison by Anvone, where she was placed in an insult house for fourteen years, faced with degrading and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, treatment by Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson), named only Nigga and her brother Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was actually worse than shown on screen. <br /> <br /> Only a friend is a local town called Jesse (Jascha Washington). Later, the film is added to feelings of just leaving. It's hard to build a movie around psychological sessions, but it's done with a dramatic curiosity in the Simple People and Good Hope, but it's a success here because of the dominant speeches of Washington and Luca, although the movie looks a little easier over the next couple of months. . Davenport's humanity and warmth allow him to feel safe enough to discuss Fisher's difficult past and support him in his struggle to get a break from the new girlfriend in Navy. <br /> <Cheryl's help and Dr. With Davenport's consultation, Antwion has enough respect for starting a journey to find her mother to return to Cleveland and finish the past. What comes from the incredible performance of Derek Luka is the desire of Antwone to be dramatized in a heartbreaking dream at the beginning of the film, where he is a proud guest at a party full of people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people should remember what we were up to: to go home ..." Antwone Fisher only touched a young man's desire to find his own home, but they were all called to sleep without knowing the joy of the lovers.
