In 1928 action pictures "lost one year" in many ways. Some of the most beautiful films of the silent era were made in every genre, the sound came and earned a lot of money in the box office - five years after the film industry began to struggle with the new technology of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the biggest silent comedy comedies. The film is directed by William Haines, who opposes everyone, learns his lesson and plays soccer, polo, and so on. It shows that the immoral man who gains himself and who has saved himself has fun skills beyond the usual formulas. This film also shows that A Marion Davies is Susan Alexander Kane. There were great comic instincts and time. This film begins as Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) adventure like Beverly Hillbillies and his old South Sea fresh, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper. General Pepper will decide that some of the happiest movie studio executives will work as an actress. In the Studio Commissariat, Peppers became Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. He performs a task for Peggy. She is unhappy when she realizes that she is a slapstick, but she keeps going. Finally, when he began to take a dramatic role by a large studio, he found ways with Billy. Soon the newly acquired fame goes to him and wants to lose his public and win the title of the king when he decides to marry a new prominent man, who does not really love the fate. <br /> <br /> One of the films in the latest MGM silent films and early film soundtracks is a feature of how the movie shot in 1930 in the MGM. This film is about trying to get a cake from Marion Davies, as Marion Davies, as Marion Davies works as Marion Davies comes to work with Marion Davies, and Marion Davies's Marion Davies, as well as Marion Davies's revenue during that time, including Charlie Chaplin Peggy's signature, MGM actors director, King Vidor. Peggy remembers the darkness and does not care for her. A flavor from start to finish is silent, which is worth your time. This is one of the movies you use to promote people to silent film art because it's very accessible.
