Over the past few months, I've been collecting the Voyager season from four to seven DVDs (previously my videos were from 1 to 3 because Kes was my favorite character) and ended up. When I first saw them on television in the UK, we forgot the majority. Are you happy with the end? I think. Of course, as a fan, when I came home, I saw more about what the characters were, but that was our imagination. In many ways, Endgame is similar to Next Gen's "All Good Things." The presence of the crew in the future, mostly captain. A new romanticism that begins in the finale (the future of Hende Troi and Worf and Nine and Chakotay's seven days) will result in death in the future. I actually used the "Endgame" name for all the characters, the Neelix ship had previously released two episodes. B'elanna gives birth to Tom, who loves her daughter. Tuvok is sick, but returning home means that it can be cured. Harry has always been the most unsettled and committed, but acknowledges the importance of the trip. The doctor chooses the name of Joe in the future and respected by everyone! Of course, the Captain has the greatest role, and in the future he recognizes himself who wants to get home from his home. Borg is involved in this because he plays a major role in the Voyager era. Alice Krige plays the Borg queen again fantastic, and her voice and way of action are spectacular. Sorry for Susanna Thompson, TV Borg queen was replaced by Borg queen. Perhaps it was not possible. Special effects are fantastic, the Borg sub space hub and Borg queen fall apart! It's too heavy. Especially when they leave the Borg subspace corridor and say their location is correct, they say that they are forced to go to a corridor that goes out of the delta quadrant. A good idea of ​​entering the Borg field to protect it, the special features on the DVD, are said to be Trojan horses. The Voyager could continue. If they were more popular, they would say, as Harry's speech was, that Tom had been his wife and child, even though the crew had a unique idea of ​​the ship's crew. <br /> Generally, Voyager hit and miss a bit. The sixth season was like a good one, a better one. Two episodes created in Holographic Irish Village are terrific! Nine of my nine perceptions were that he turned around all around, and that was not true. For the first time, the season had been paying attention to most of the 4 episodes, but then it was engraved. And his character is gradually rediscovering humanity, like the Borg drone, for 20 years. I love him very much, especially, "One who falls on me", "Nahiyam" and "Man's mistake". Naomi Wildman was afraid of the start, but often came to be a friend of her, which was pleasant. Chakotay was my favorite character. Have you ever been cheated with Janeway (they are not?) And you will never think of the first officer, she's pushing most of the time. I liked to see Tom and B'elanna's confusion on the relationship. I always liked Neeli. Tuvok lost his logic, especially his emotions and his friendship with Neelix. Harry was sometimes annoying, but at other times he was a good character. The doctor is my best, and he sees how far he has come and creates comedy conditions ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Any type of Janeway can say that my favorite Captain and Kate Mulgrew really enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> I want more, I love Voyager!
