So every year there is at least one movie that does not have the chance of being a box office success because everyone is involved in this film before a simple shot from the production moment ... a long list of such films and some really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)) may be some of the defects, but it is quite pleasant (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then a few really are really great for them, but no one accepts it! I do not want to say that my keeper does not have to join them, because they can sacrifice a large crowd every year. So yeaaa, maybe these films are not perfect, but how many movies are there? Each film's Lord of the Rings was supposed to be new! Everyone will not enjoy these movies, but I bet that they are more than admitters. Heptan Shahin (1991), Hysterical funny, Night of Night (1994), Swept Away (2002) Gigli (2003), a very truly memorable, but not all the excitement of a few wonderful curls, great fun with lines and a beautiful romance from the old "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year's "Basic Instinct 2" !! Yes, when I heard one of my favorite films later, I was very strange, and though I loved Sharon Stone, I never saw this movie. And, indeed, I was very pleasantly surprised! I do not understand why it is such a bad press and that it can make a bad sound here. In fact, you never have to copy the original, there is a very elegant story, the tension, action, humor, and the essence of Sharon Stone's life, which is absolutely stunning! In the filming of the film in 47 years and in the 20's it is warmer than many stars, but it is beautifully moving, with all its images, its famous smile, speech and movement. The first frame inside it can not take your eyes off it. Watching him as Catherine Tramell is just a delight and all other actors have spectacular performances! So, really, I do not see what's wrong in this movie ... It's dark, exciting, sexy, and strange, with strong speeches, and you've never been bored! Perhaps the story is not an Oscars caliber, but it will never happen! This is a fun movie, and in my opinion this standard is absolutely secure! Give it a try!
