Finally, after years of waiting for a new movie to continue sexual intercourse with "Basic Instinct," there is a great result of the right elements for such a franchise! I remember everything from original, steam, romance, sex, questioning, music (by master Jerry Goldsmith), and everything from violence and flames to any intense confrontation! Do not make any mistakes, "Basic Instinct" was the real winner of every scene. In 2001, I remember when we were given the following news. We have five years later. I never understood it. When a fallen project was announced, it was unable to say that the time had really come to an end. Yes, we know something in this situation is possible. Not a true director or writer, but all the glamorous, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a done contract! Please listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this movie is bad, I think this style is extreme and a little dated. As long as I have not seen a movie, I use the word "historic", but the audience is in line with the meaningless, dull stories that are actually made in other films to earn money, and that's just the reason because these are family friendly. Some Need to Clean Up and Clean? Of course, there is something unpleasant, but c'mon! Escapism is rarely today, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives real supporters for what we expect. This film is not winning the Oscars and does not try to be what it is. Simply the hero's fans provide what they expect. A movie for fun. The films today are very serious, but this movie is not only empty and entertaining, it does not take it seriously, it is not very serious. He said the film would evaluate it. <br /> <br /> The film is a movie that takes a fast place starting from the first second, because we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, accelerating at 110 MPH. Probably not sex and driving, because our sexy romance gets a bad turn and ... it is good, it's in a leaky position, but its partner does not do very well. Once again, Tremell will be the main suspect in the accident and analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically drawn from the first moment she meets her. He was slowly and definitely inserted and put in the same way as another criminal investigator before him. Everything that he denied has begun to grow up around him. Tramell, as before, is now more dangerous, but can not we really like it first? <br /> <br /> This movie does not recycle the first, and sometimes it remembers the pearls of the previous movie from time to time. . This is a good thing. This allows us as an audience that the script can reach a level or write to two levels. Just over 14 years, Sharon Stone revises us. The second run from the deceived novelist to where he was before. Just awesome! David Morrissey is well climbed and well-managed. Choosing an unusual star likes more of his performance, as there is no background on it, just like the audience, but we see it only. My last thought is from 10.5 to 9.5. Thus, it is impossible to live up to the first place, not the first. However, he lives up to the standards set by the first film, and the nation can do the same! It does.
