Wisecracker, a biography of actor William Haines, offers a gratifying anecdote about his old star at the age of 70 and retired from filming for a long time. The Old Gent is not sentimental and has rarely watched his own films, but in 1972, he was pleased to be featured at SHOW HAYYATIN Los Angeles Museum, with his brutal soundtrack, accompanied by Marion Davies. From the beginning, Haines was concerned that this comedy would cause some kind of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised at how well he was and how much he liked the young audience (and no doubt). You can watch the movie today and see why: MEN'S SELECTION, a pleasant hate that keeps its taste, is the Hollywood line, because it lampoons its goals with delicacy and longing, but it is sad. It's still funny and its satirical scores are still resonating. Undeterred, filmmaking technology has changed a lot since silent days, but the claims and style of the filmmakers have not changed all of them. <br /> <br /> Show PEOPLE also survived the works of the first-class comedian Marion Davies, a prominent place in the pantheon of the greatest comedies. His career Davies was both blessed and his curbs were curse by his paramour, newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst and patronage. Hearst had a great influence on the choice of Davies to play a role, and despite having donated a comedy, he preferred to see the heroine of the game in costume dramas. In the 20's of the late 19th century, Marion was allowed to make sculptures in several enthusiastic light comedies (including RED MILL and PATSY), but it seems to be the most pleasing sign of the great King Vidor's manuscript. <br /> <br /> Marion plays South Belle Peggy Pepper. An actress who wants Hollywood fraud, William Haines, gives her an exciting, delightful performance as her lover and assistant Billy Boone. <br /> <br /> Marion was designated to be a movie star with her father. (Her father, Colonel Pepper, actor / director Dell Henderson, coincidentally looks like Hearst by a Griffith's Biograph drama veteran!) One of Marion's most funny bits is often shot in other places at the Comet Studio casting office. Taste offers emotion to describe a handkerchief ("Sadness ... joy ...!") And Peggy accepts the appropriate expression and stance. He was only employed to find the type of comedies where Comet is down the comedy comedy, people flipping each other with seltzer and running out of cops in each other racing comoos race. Of course, Kometa Mack is supposed to be Sennett Kalbajar's draw, but the true essence of satirist is understood as a story opened. As Peggy Pepper has risen in the star hierarchy, he leaves Comet for a better reputed High Art Studio, nicknamed "Patricia Peppoire", and spends his new station in his life as a serious actress. Davies' rival, Gloria Swanson, pointed out to the audience in 1928 when Keystone comedies commenced before Cecil B. DeMille began to rise dramatically for drama. Miss Peppoire attracts more of her, as Davies' performance brings a high level of behavior to her ex-boyfriend, Billy Boone, as well as the funny Billy Boone, Swanson takes on an element of the evil parody that is definitely aimed at itself. This is particularly striking when interviewing Miss Peppoire's spokesperson, the ambitious nonsense, when Swanson is shipped to a place. <br /> <br /> I think this movie is meant to be a friendly parody, but after the release of this movie I have to wonder how friendly relations will be between Gloria and Marion. <br /> <br /> In any case, SEPTEMBER, will enjoy the parade of all star boats. Charlie Chaplin looks quite different, looking for a beautiful piece, sans makeup and the autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And a showcase of good athlete Marion Davies puts himself a mock berry appearance, and Swanson's evening scattering to entertain himself). This is a quiet movie, at least those who want to taste movies related to film business. PEOPLE'S SELECTION Certainly, SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN RAIN are among the fun classics in Hollywood's most experienced, entertaining self-contained trainings.
