As a child I always hated to compete with music. I did not understand why people would come up with such a song, and I was very young to follow after everything (choreography, design, suit, pacing). Carol Reed's "Oliver!" I remember with a strange taste as a child, probably because it is one of darkness and was washed in accordance with the spirit of Dickensian alert. This is about ghetto life in Victoria, London, and the designs and designs are so strange for people to go into such laughing songs when it is open, dark, and true to this lifestyle. Recently, for the first time in my childhood, I've had new ideas and ideas about how the music is performing in a similar way, and why it did not do it for me the most. If music is working or actually tells something, it's because they are aware of their own idiosyncrasies. Lars von Trier's "Dark Dancer" was tragic and operative, and musical works were so rugged as musical numbers were the product of a discreet immigrant with Hollywood music, heroes. In the same way, he worked very similarly at a very funny and entertaining "Chicago" because his musical pieces were the product of a murdered dancer / dancer. Musicals does not work on their musical nature very seriously (like "Moulin Rouge"), or simply too soft (ie meaningless as "Mary Poppins"). "Oliver!" For the first time, I saw a new light like an adult. From the point of view of younger Oliver, I saw musical numbers as a product of his childhood imagination and a way of fighting ghost life. The best music was to sign Nancy's dance and dance with joy as the joy of drunkenness (to run away from Oliver's bad run on Bill Sayks's hands). It was undoubtedly charming and sounded like a real pub where drunks could start to read around the piano. <br /> <br /> Let's note that Eurovision-2012 song contest will be held from today. at least for Oliver, though, for Nancy, of course, things would not end and if their life on a street is not fun, it's not a good result for Fagin or Dodger) but I really do not classify it as a family movie, even though I can not show any harm to children ages seven or eight. This is a harsh tale about a failed orphan who is trying to live on the streets and find happiness. Sometimes, a revisionist took it up, and it would be great to see a modern update on the Compton Streets to get happy songs about the terrible life of the people. I would like to see Oliver's hip-hop version. I always thought Dickens would translate it well in this respect. It stops, "Oliver!" it was probably the latest film of the great movie and perhaps the most surprising G-rated movie I've ever seen.
