Almost done very well ... In the "John Carpenter's Vampires" special fun was a great piece of fun with a fairly small budget to replace. Undoubtedly, "Dusk Till Dawn" is targeted at democracy. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is trying to start with rock star John Bon Jovi, one of the main heroes, but it does not mean that very good ...: I did not see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie, so "Vampires : I can not compare his role in Los Muertos with his other roles, but I was surprised by his good performance. After the film began, I did not expect any guitar and "this is my life" or something to play, but I did not expect to do anything without killing virtuosos, showing mercy, and seeing it done. This is a great deal because some of the audience (I too) supposed: "... it's a rockstar ...". Bon Jovi, of course, is James Woods, not to be honest: It could have been very bad, and I think Bon Jovi did a very good performance. Vampires performed by Arly Jover are not the vampire-leader's skin-dressed killer we've come together in Part 1 (or at Mars's Ghosts). Jover vampire plays very charming and very sexy, sounds like a cat, swims up snakes, and wears a gentle, lightly transparent multi-erotic piece. Even optical effects that support the type of movement are also very good. This really leads to several beatings. However, in some parts of the film, the director refuses to turn the film into a sensitive horror in Mauraud's "Nosferatu" from an action-horror movie. You can instantly see the director's attraction to create a movie that is different from the original and with a very personal note. The film's true strength and at the same time the weakest point: The spectacular wing of the first film, waiting for a second purely fun wing and a little disappointment. No mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is going to have fun, but not all of this movie is a TIME. Just imagine the massacres in the bar, compared to the scene where the vampiers try to deceive Zoey in the ruins: the bar-slaughter is what you expect from popcorn in America, seductive Zoey's residue-scene European cinematographer OLMOST (film tells us about relationships between Zoey and vampires but at the same time he refuses to answer, because it would slow down the movement.The spectators were shown a vampire with human past, now a troubled creature, and not just an animal that kills an animal). And it is my idea that the movie will be accepted by the original film. And also: "Dusk until dawn" - is the court really going to be like this? I'm not sure about that. Nevertheless, Tommy Lee Wallace really did a great job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a striking thing. But I think once again that the film will go on, Wallace is sometimes very creative, very expressive. It maintains its ability to provide the audience with the expectations. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life, and maybe sometimes it's happening at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost perfect. (I give it 10 to 10)
