"Creep" is a new horror film that will surely appeal to many fans, just because it's at this point and unscrupulous! There are many true shock moments, creepy stomach sequences, and a rare claustrophobic tension. It's a logic and a solid structure, but it does not bother me for a moment to tell the truth. There are many unanswered questions to think yet, but the director / writer Christopher Smith (his debut) preferred to pay attention to tension and adrenaline-rushing movements rather than long-term speeches and theories. The existence of "procrastination" in the London Underground we can explain. The story is related to the young and powerful Kate who left his party to meet and meet with famous actor George Kloni to present his new movie in the city. He sits down at the subway, leaves the last train and finds himself closed underground metro network. Things are really horrifying when faced with mind-boggling people who are killing people who are living and testing in the old tunnels. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewage workers can not escape this dark snare! I really got a creepy character! He's awesome, ugly and primitive, but it's strangely interesting. Christopher Smith gives us tips and tricks, and only to the audience to find the origin and background of this ugly creature. I do not think it's too original and I do not believe that many people will not appreciate the content, but I'm sorry for Smith and it's better than absolutely without it, "Jeepers Creepers" (this movie started in a great way, but the identity of the broom as it turned out to be a very terrifying act of fear). This is a betrayal of open-mindedness! Some strange noodles and makeup, sound effects in this film are also very convincing. The bad structure of the clean London Metro at night is being used effectively. There are some acting talents in this film: Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run), runs from the cool German film Anatomie about five years later, to return to the graph. Creep is a great fun when you're in an unusual mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director who will be a watchman. After watching this movie, make sure you go to the subway ...
