Emory was a Cincinatti steel worker before his father, and the twin columns of the 20th century's greatest family existed in steel mills and unions. Once a 45,000 working mill has left the number one security guard because it recently closed the plant, its numbers have recently dropped to about 5,000 and now declines. Initially, the new unemployed Emory and his pals, hanging around the city and enjoying the bars are gaining independence. Experts believe that the union will re-open after listening to the optimist spiele, but the reality begins to sink when they sell their own means to put food on the table and fight off their hostage. Emory's father, a private man, will open the plant for 35 years and remember his son's short-term closure. At the same time, some unemployed men remain hopeless in search of workplace or truck or at work. Finally, Emory told his stubborn father that the time had changed and the mill would not be reopened. Emory in tears "What did I make wrong?" She asks. a lifetime hard work and commitment to work, unity, church, and family did not turn it into anywhere and did not turn it into anywhere. With drunken anger, he barred his younger sons and drowned his wife. Removing from his own house and commenting on the comments made by the factory director, he and his men did not do enough to justify their significant payments, Emory is still skeptical of the steel workers leaving the city to do something that would hire them. In the early hours of the morning, they break the mill, burn the kilns and work more in their lives, produces a high quality steel pipes in a single row to fill the loading strip from the wall to the wall, from top to bottom - nothing was impossible for the plant manager to think. <br /> <br /> When it comes to a bitten plant, the unfortunate manager looks at the people around him in a large product from one day's work, because the plant is more productive than that. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to "No" and the manager asks: "What did you try to prove?" Emory says, "We're spitting on your eyes," telling you how many employees have been doing for decades, honesty, and commitment to their work and how much they can do in one day. Emory, with his wife and children, commends his wife and children for the sake of finding a job in the south, promising to transfer when he finds his family. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of American employees who are compelled to compete in foreign competition, and gives the true meaning of spending for short-term alliances and strange plant owners requiring scholarships. brought them to every penny they wanted, but never renewed them. Peter Strauss Emory, John Goodman, as his best friend, Gary Cole, his college-boy brother, and his fatal father, Emory's sympathetic wife, Pamela Reed, and his dying father, John Doucette, performed well in this beautiful way.
