Ah, McBain? The character's name is immortalized and is always ridiculous by the "The Simpsons", but will always be? personally, at least ?? Since the beginning of the 90s, the name and the name of the great entertaining and abusive violence remain; led us to the "Exterminator" and finally managed by a cool friend who plays badass B-movie heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (last cute little maço ponytail). I think McBain should be labeled a guilty pleasure, because I can convince anyone of this idea in the form of intellectual film. The film could not imagine that it was unfortunate (most of the action heroes take a small gangster posse? McBain takes over the whole country) and is still very serious. The scenario is a non-stop and inappropriate circulation of cliché states, unusual folds, forced sentiment links, exciting action sequences, and completely invisible characteristic images. This is a completely horny film; I liked it. <br /> <br /> The life of Vietnam's POW McBae survived the war on the last day of the war by Roberto Santos. Everyone keeps a note of half a dollar as a symbol of McBain's debt to Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is a rebel of a revolutionary revolution against the Colombian state of his country. Santos took his first attempt to capture his power and was executed publicly on the Presidential balcony. His sister goes to New York with a dollar note and turns to McBain for financial aid and workforce. McBain and his former Vietnamese friends, who accidentally take advantage of this injustice in the world, arrange themselves with a small plane and fly to Colombia to unleash a giant assassination of Mr. Assy. <br /> <br /> Okay, do not cheat each other here. The fact that you've read the user comment on McBain is now showing some interest for the low-budget B-movie. One of my fellow reviewers has spent a little time drawing up a list of "McBain" with all the major rebel and unensible moments. This listing is absolutely accurate, and I can only agree with it. Heck can even add a bit more meaningless to this list (even as the mission's purpose and the flawless and unnecessary heroism of a soldier who is not related to the rest of McBain's team), but what's the point? You know you're definitely expecting a 100% consistent and intricate masterpiece. We know in advance that this will be a wonderful and inflated movie, and maybe it's the real reason we want to check it out! This is a very terrible and angry movie about a group of old Vietnamese friends, converted to mercenaries and declaring war on corruption, the president of Colombia and the national drug cartel. Please do not wait for another "Apocalypse Now". This special movie, the ruff-tuff operation of the machio leaders, the many explosions and gunfire and? not least, at least? A fantastic soundtrack by Joan Baez's "A Weapons in Brothers" album.
