Based on the Rebecca West novel, this loyal 1982 film was returned to the soldier. Forty-six Captain, a red shocked, shocked one who did not even tell his wife, returned to England, but stayed in a London hospital. He has lost his memory and is still a boy, a long yen for a low-class lover 25 years ago. Its a gentle story. While the reader's wife is aware that she is an unshakable, disciplined public figure who wants to rebuild her place in the community, she is long-lasting. Living with them, American Chris Baldryi, his beloved brother Jenny, settled down in spin-off as he grew up as his players. Glenda Jackson is a low-grade female, Margaret Gray. Chris is warned that he is back in the UK. Chris's wife Kitty, Mrs. Gray, was shocked when she came to tell her that Chris was in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vacuous and snobbish. Why is he asking himself whether another woman sent a telegram to Chris instead of him? Chris completely forgot about Kitty. She wants to renew her relationship with Margaret. Margaret, now married, does not want to meet her, but then meets with her and continues. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris will disappear if she treats her "temporary happiness with Margaret". Jenny realizes how Kitty is empty for Chris and creating an alliance that loves secretly through Margaret. Both are in love with her. Jenny wants to help. The film, which was delayed in the movie, shows that Kitty, Chris and his son who died five years ago. This is what Shrink is talking about when Chris is talking, and he will restore it as 'normal'. But is this a good idea? Chris is unaware of the child and the child's death because he knows they are married to Kitty. The psychiatrist believes that only the child's learning will restore this information to Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris for themselves, because Kitty is a liar and rejects Chris's illness when she reaches her youth for forty years. The film focuses on what Chris will do. <br /> <br /> However, Jenny and Margaret, the child's perfectly kept bedroom - Kitty is discussing not in the novel, but in the scenario. Kristin believes he is talking about his own separate perspectives. Margaret is a critical thing here, because she's still in love with Chris, despite being married. Jenny's public thread, Jenny, believes Chris is threatening if he is not right. But it does not tell Margaret. Margaret decides that Chris is waiting for her to fail in her life, but she needs to return to something as real. When Kitty and Jenny were looking through the window of the house, Margaret approached Chris outside and told her missing son. The divorced war victim threw his head off, collapsed on his shoulders, turned away. He hates your home. <br /> <br /> I criticize Rebecca West's first novel. After the Roman war, something was written down. The film is not clear where Jenny, his uncle, or his sister is. She would certainly be more rousing if she were her sister. The criticism is not clear yet. I'm sure in his novel from the West, Jenny is not his brother but his cousin. Not western Henry Miller, nor Anais Nin, I read his book Interes (about his relationship with the father to take with him to harass him as a child), but I decided. Author Rebeka da Chris needs to be restored. It also has postfonsons for the Society, the first to release the first novels, but finally, once again.
