The 'Shop around the Corner (1940)' is not a romantic comedy, but my dearest to my days, but it is still a film worthy of a film. In 1940, film director Ernst Lubitsch seized Hollywood for a long time and became a brilliant trade mark of the famous Lubitsch touch. The film was scheduled to appear in 1939, but it was reported that James Stewart and Margaret Sullava were inaccessible for filming. Instead of one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone the production of Greta Garbo in Ninotchka (1939). Finally, 'Corner Around Shop' is a perfect scenario by Samson Raphaelson and a dazzling Oscars nomination, and plays a great role in supporting two performances and Frank Morgan. However, the film includes 'Good Previous Spring Season (1949)' and 'You Have Got Mail (1998)' when the film's betrayal of great and lasting effects. <br /> <br /> On its surface, the shop around the corner can be just two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred King (Stewart), who love to know each other without knowing each other. But Lubitsch's film works more deeply. Matuschek, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and various human relationships that create a close family, such as the company's story and store. When the store owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to doubt his oldest worker, he witnessed the disintegration of two families at home and at work. There is no reason why the story has not been settled in the United States? maybe in the terrible streets of New York? but Lubitsch intentionally spoiled the passions and memories of his old years in Europe, the terror of love before the war, and the blood of every door. This delicate subtext brings a more meaningful, personal touch to the movie? <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are also good at their roles, but I think they are really supportive. pull the film. Each character brings a different identity to the mixture, and their mutual relationships are always convincing and pleasing. How did Lubitsch, as we know, direct our devotion to Hugo Matuschka, who limited the two-dimensional images in other films? Matuschek might have lost the love of the family, but in the love of his employees, he was able to find a companion of a young man with a naked face in the gloomy cold of the eternal snowstorm of Christmas (Charles Smith). This truth toward a supportive character resembles Billy Wilder's subsequent creativity, such as Boom Boom Jackson's "The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or "Avanti" as Carlo Carlucci. (1972). Of course, this should really be said, but Billy Wilder learned the best.
