THE SHOP around the CORNER is one of the romantic comedies that have never been the sweetest and most sensible. There is nothing around it, and in fact it is difficult to say the words of this movie. This is not one of the hardest-looking movies and does not arise in the end with the most strange scenarios to bring together two heroes. In fact, all the charm is born, inside the heroes, and within the structure and structure of the ... It is quite convincing for boot. Such a love story is as beautiful as it was before, and may say that it can happen ... you do not often go out of romantic comedies, but can be sweet and warm-hearted. <br /> <br /> For the past nine years, there have been no best participants in the first meetings when Alfred King (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) came to the past workshop (Matuschek & Co.). Starting in the beginning, most people start with a cigarette box that opens music - this is a terrible idea; he takes a big line and hires it. The shortcomings, when sharing their spirits and thoughts in PO Box 237's passions, are taking over them in the next six months, just as they both fall in love with each other (unconsciously, naturally!). This is a pretty subtle plotline of the KOREA WORKSHOP, a brilliant support castle with absolutely entertaining characters, from his father, Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan), whose shop really is his home; The King's friend and friend Pirovitch (Felix Bressart) always leaves the room when faced with the possibility of asking honest opinions; Permalink here (line 151) Smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) finally receives income from the majestic righteous King; and Pepi Katona (William Tracy), an ambitious guy who does not want much to promote Matuschek & Co's writer's position. An unprecedented love story between "dear friends" is played in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary. Help the two lovebirds-to-be encourage the unceremonious dismissal of the King and subsequent promotion for the store manager. Everyone's a good story in this movie; Supporting characters are well developed and their travels in Matuschek's life almost touches Alfred and Clara. It is pleasing to the audience that the invitation to the new-born Rudy (Charles Smith) at the Christmas Eve dinner in the beautiful winter season in Hungary; We care about his love for this film, but his faithful heroes. <br /> <br /> Besides the story of Love, it should be said that James Stewart is one of the really good things about this movie. He is not a full-fledged Jimmy Stewart personality in this movie (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes To Washington'); in fact Alfred King is particularly torn and sharp. Stewart is a more stylish person, often coming to the patent, with a little sign of home-naked charm (perhaps the latter). When he sees that they are hiding in front of Clara, in fact, the King does not "quit" - a person who likes to know himself, even as he likes to know himself through altered letters, as he waits, how much he can move away from the event (especially with his allies and co-workers). The hero, Matthias Popky (whose name!) Wants to be his fiancé, is a way to prove that Clara's imagination is not very funny and does not show any of the letters as human beings. The letters do not reveal what's happening to her. Stewart plays this role perfectly - Clara is perfectly controlling her face when she even insults (and especially) her face, even when she insults Mr. King. However, under the long-suffering and professionalism that one believes, he can finally express his personality with sincerity and sincerity and hope. <br /> <br /> All cast members should be mentioned specifically. In the first half of the film, Margaret Sullava gets little benefit, but she comes back to the scene on the Christmas Eve when she is again dumped with the brilliant description of Alfred's lover, Alfred's mailbox. Frank Morgan has become a great activity, such as jealous Hugo Matuschek, who, for 22 years, has discovered that his wife did not want to 'become aging with her,' she needs to rediscover the meaning of her life in a nervous breakthrough. And Felix Bressart plays the role of a beautiful but loyal Pirovitch (regularly seen as a Lubitsch regularly seen as a Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - especially his best friend presents the Christmas Eve in Alfre The latter * really wants ... Clara a wallet instead of ridiculous cigarette box. Ernst Lubitsch is truly proud of this film - for example, a stunning and careful look at detailing the creation of the Matuschek shop, doors to Hungary, goods and cash registers, etc. However, although Lubitsch chooses the story set in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: it can happen anywhere; this can happen to you. There are those incredible characters in this simple story that really have a human being. Snow on the eve of Christmas is the truth, or at least Lubitsch was as realistic as it could do (snow machines spending a lot of money). The desire to make everything as real as possible helps make this story more convincing that this whole movie gives a reality that can not be repeated. <br /> <br /> This is really Jimmy Stewart Christmas, a movie that they've been missing out in talking to people. A FIRST LIFE. It will not be affected by the essence of the other film, but it will not be damaged and in fact a lot better, this is around Christmas shopping around the SHOP. Sweet, funny, seductive, and Stewart is flawless in its role. We are very lucky to have romance described in this film; The best thing about this movie is that we can move away from it.
