"Prix de Beaute" always suffers from GW Pabst compared with Louise Brooks, "Pandora Box" and "Lost Girl Day". "But in some ways, the" Prix "is a Brooks film that has the potential to be attractive without the darkness of Pabst's collaboration." In the early French movie, Louise Brooks's mysterious combination of images, music, and music has been strongly embedded. Charleston appears to be associated with Brooks (he was the first man in Europe), but the essence of the actress has grown stronger in tango, and Tango plays a spot in a stardom after Miss Evstarland, a dance dance that he danced shortly afterwards in the Miss Prix, The tango for Brooks is a film narrated by Shirley Maclaine, when the jealous husband, Andrew, abandoned his fame as a spouse, and the tango record of the same tango as his constant record player, is tensed for a decent fame. Brooks's stomach but epitomize the elegant and erotic personality. <br /> <br /> The song, "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi", is a great movie (a very good one) throws. By the way, Brooks's voice was not dubbed by Edith Piaf, as some claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and has not been discovered until 1935. The song, Brooks's character, Lucienne, sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to express his joy and joy. And at that time, he reads for his screen test, the song, with the producers and managers who intend to shape his career. The screen goes on screen, Andrand continues, takes and kills. When Lucinenne's body was shot at a place beneath the screen, the screen-test was the same as Andrea's song, while the essence of the film did not characterize the other art forms perfectly. Now, Andre's dead wife still smokes the weapon of crime as he reads on the screen. Now we are eternal and united. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, Louise Brooks was destroyed and burned after the real life career of "Prix de Beaute", so he hit his last role. This movie is actually more than Brooks' mysticism than the Pabst films (superb films are undoubtedly). What does Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe say about the movie that creates the idea of ​​"cult" about the movies they live more alive after their death?
