For the first time, I read a book about Mitchell Leisin's career (written in the 1970s) with this movie. I knew that I watched many of his films for years and found the best of his work really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was one of the most affordable. Even though I was not poured on, I was not surprised at the fact that I was DEAD, DEATH BUT, KITTY, and even the Golden EARINGS. <br /> <br /> Paramount Leisin had problems with his films. Most of the points she worked were quite mediocre. There were two standards in the movies, but because of their rarity, "Two Cocktails" appeared at SORA at VANITIES and "Mona Lisa" came out from the US CAPTAIN CAREY, but MURDER ATVs were forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was a single voice in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not have been this way - Leisi's studio Rogers and Hart worked in the early 1930's. Why could not a project be given them? SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is a pleasant but memorable one. Unfortunately, as Fred Macmurray plays a great role as a trumpet player, he is directed to the entertaining world (he carries out Carol Lombard by looping his arms while blowing the rhinoceros). A song about how excited the game played by a lover (read by a pawnbroker) is important to the field. It works in the movie, but it would be better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> The film has a picaresque style - it starts with an ocean liner where Lombard works, like a manicureman. He was constantly threatened by his boss Franklin Pangborn (barber's barber). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal and sees MacMurray as a soldier so that the census will end soon. On their first scene there is a beautiful Leisin touch: MacMurray talks to Lombard, he is on the deck of the ship and on the edge of the lock. <br /> <br /> This movie is being watched by Skid Johnson (MacMurray) during his encounter with Lombard and is seen as falling as a gambler. , but gets acquainted with Dorothy Lamore in "other woman". The best moments in the film deal with the collapse of relations with Lombard and the collapse of the jazz trumpeter (its appearance and the need for alcohol are very untipical for MacMurray - even Walter Neff or Mr Sheldrake) The Caucasus Muslims Claims, however, is an attempt to bring MacMurray back to his wagon, despite the fact that Pangborn is a wonderful addition to the opening of the fairy-tale actor, Carl Judels MacMurray, / as a friend. <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth, as always, is very unimportant in this film, but he looks at one side, but looks at one another in the hands of a piano keyboard, a girlfriend MacMurray, and a Lombard share - his red appearance is a cause of embarrassment on the lie that MacMurray insists is a beautiful, delicate moment. if it were not in the performance of certain humor moments, but in his activity.
