I have seen that "miracles have not yet happened" at least four times. In fact, I'm never in this fantastic movie. From the beginning it causes the person's interest. The story is as powerful as the film is moving and the plane crash. We watched this young girl just trying to escape and was frightened by the Amazon after a plane crash where she was just rescued. The man who lost his mother in this plane crash also makes this movie more dramatic, as he has to endure the girl in Amazon for ten days. It's just unrealistic to think that this is really happening, and we all see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, great forests and wildlife and extreme insects to think that everyone is actually getting rid of this creature. As the film progresses, we see a lot of dangers facing this girl while trying to watch the river with her hopes for a city. Reminding that his father always recalls a flow of tea and then a bigger tea, which means that he will eventually reach a community, this young girl follows a small stream and eventually a great tea throughout the film. Sometimes he was forced to swim in dangerous waters, alone, frightened and injured. It was clear that he had not eaten ten days after the end of the film, and that he had only drinking water, was very dangerous and could not last longer during his tiredness. Finally, if he sees a canoe, he realizes that he must be a village, and men find him and take care of him and take him to a hospital where his father is to see him. passengers. If Amazon finds out that her daughter is still alive after this process, she is a dramatic film and heartfelt to see her father's face! Such films do not run out of those days. I will still see it and I know that I will never eat it! It's no accident that this girl is the only one wearing this plane! And he could not only protect a few minor injuries, but everyone on board was killed in a terrible accident in the desert of Amazon. A brilliant movie made a really nice speech and I will treasure one forever and love to watch! Definitely recommended by me!
