This movie is reminiscent of the 42nd Street, played by Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watched this movie, many 42nd Street reminded me of the character Eloise, a characteristic star, and Eloise and another singer, a star that fell and dropped as Bebe Daniels did on the 42nd Street and became a star. This film, like most racial films, is watching people because of great fun. Racing films have always demonstrated Black Entertainment that it was really popular at that time. Dancing Styles, Music, Dress Up Styles, You Love. If this film was in Hollywood it would be great, better scenery, better shooting, and a lot of money to make any movie better. But it is good that it is good and that Micheen is a little better. We need to talk about all Micheaux films, Swing is the best! The film is about celebrity, but forgotten singers, dancers, actresses, and actors. Doli Armena, a beautiful woman who shot horns, thinks that Gabriel was blowing a horn in the sky. Hot, hot woman dancer Consuela Harris, Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee wanted to embarrass. <br /> <br /> To add more ... The famous blues singer of the 20th and 30th years, Cora Green, she is Mandy, a good, hardworking, non-good person who takes money and spends on other women a woman. Tells what he heard and heard about a neighbor neighbor Mandy, played by Amanda Randolph, and Mandy falls into the club and plays a fight for Eloise (played by Hot-Cha's reputation in the 30s, Hazel Diaz). At that time, Mandy went to Harlem and played with Dorothy Van Engle, the most beautiful women in the movies along with a little guardian angel, Lena. Lena helps Mandy to become a star in a home, a job and tries to break the show with a bad behavior such as spectacular Cora Smith (played by Hazel, played in two parts, or maybe changed the scene name). When Cora is drunk and breaks her leg, Lena assures Mandy that she is fit to work and that Lena is right and that a star is born in Mandy. Tall, long, lanky, but beautiful Carman Newsome Lena is also a cool looking manufacturer. Pretty boy Larry Seymour plays a good guy, but Lena can shape her after threatening her. There are a few things to do, but something that I've been hitting is Corel Smith's (Hazel Diaz) delay and training for everyone, and then the guy comes to him and punches the jaw, but that's not enough, he's back to fight with Mandy. There are great fun among Korean girls, dancers, dancers, dance, and blues songs. There are also white people who are fun, Micheai, where they find them, there is a scene where black-and-white people are sitting together in the club; black and white, often integrated in Micheaux films, should be described for such a brave move. <br /> <br /> This movie was really my first love movie and I was introduced to Oscar Micheaux. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of the best genres of the genre. <br /> <br /> These early racing movies can not be the best, can not be. Hallelujah, Green Shrubs, Stormy Air, Skyfall, Carmen Jones or other Hollywood movies, but the first early signs of the black movie, and a look at the black life and black movie. These films gave gays to the Gypsies a chance not only to portray a single stereotype or clever mix of Hollywood as a way to play people from all levels of life, to be beautiful, classic and elegant. The majority of actors and actresses in these race films are not the best, but the only ones that can be presented are Micheen and Spencer Williams, Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex English and more so, Micheaux and other black and white racers used nightclubs in their films, some were good, others were not great actors and actresses, but Micheenux others were not good actors and actresses, but they were used differently than real talent, they talked about their stories and, on the contrary, many black performers performed their real talent in films. For some genuine actors / actresses, racist films were the only type of movies that could actually come up because they did not want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so you're the real actors / actresses of the nightclub performers. These racial films are history, they could have been lost forever, many lost, maybe not the greatest example of racial cinema, even Hollywood films did not start a great deal before. If the race genre would continue, it would be better. While looking at most movements, they should be shown in films, not just the most popular films, but only if they are looking for a better example of black-and-white movies than the real race movies. Harlem, Paradise and Paradise in Paradise, Harlem's Paradise, Punching, Sunday Guilty, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy. What A Girl, The Mystery in Swing, The Miracle in Harlem and the Sepia Cinderella, are just good fun, but good toys.
