Instead of "Daisies Pushing", it's one of the best television shows of the genre in the last 5 years, and you agree. Creative, Bryan Fuller has incredible creative thinking. Behind other major television shows, "Dead My Mine" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), others are not as good and interesting as "Heroes" (2006). Created in previous TV shows, Brian Fuller's beautiful images and the more realistic fantasies of the real people who shatter the inflated emotions are a mixed confusion and a splendor. So it's not a way to be fairytale, to expect more from an unreal world and unforeseen situations, or to be expected in many cases, but usually in a way that will be reported. <br /> <br /> Gift is always curse and sweet and can be painful. So, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple man with an interesting gift, not only an amazing chef, but also a dead person with a touch of life. It would be a power that can make everyone die or live if nothing else is simple and very sad - it can give it permanent death if it touches it again. There is no curse on this wonderful gift ... everything is a damn and if life spans more than a minute, something else will die right away. He is an introspective person who is afraid of touching everything, one day fearing to lose more, a man full of unsuccessful events. Chuck (Anna Friel) was dead if not the other sad reality until the day when the day of the greatest childhood love could approach. He gave up his life and loved him as much as he loved, but that love was untouchable. Death really kisses. <br /> <br /> For the first time, when I heard about Daisies Pushing, Tim Burton was presented as something very familiar (or maybe a tribute) to everything. Created since "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) by Big Fish (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results could not have been better. The world around The Pie Hole was spectacular. The events around Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) may have many on the television to solve unresolved murders, but it's beautiful and ghost pictures that you can feel the taste of your colors, covering symbols like Chuck and Olive (Christine Chenoweth). <br /> <br /> Remember only the concept of murders and unsolved murders, show-exploration, and so on. it is a victory in many other things. The actors here are celebrating. Lee Pace is soft and tender as his character asks. Anna Friel is the author of the show, as it should be his character. But the best times are always with actors supporting Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Christine Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz has the best dialogues for a dried-out character drowned by an impossible dark miracle that can scare the clown, and his testimony and body language are delicious. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and his character, the best fun moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. Every time he thinks you're improvising, he naturally feels that every scene is a show away. Kristin is brilliant in the show that shows Emmy's winning support for his role in 2009, which is totally fair and worthy. There is also chemistry among actors and their characters, and that's great. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to indicate that this TV Show is really what it is and why it is intended. <br /> <br /> For those who believe that this show is not worth the time or that it has no sense, it is likely that they should be back at a time when they never existed and come back. <br /> <br /> Explain the truth ... Television was not so brave at a television show like this show. "Daisies Pushing" was a great step in terms of great artistic fun and his sudden death was very disrespectful. True, the TV does not respect the great television shows, as Bryan Fuller creates, even though it is not as beautiful as the "Heroes" in the air and others.
