Dear archaeologist, young doctor Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren) is sent by the museum director to the home of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens). Here is the task of finding the collection and catalog of ancient and discovered items. Recently, Skarin's dead ancestor. The Squire arrives by Fanshawe, who did not expect him for a week, but no one dares to do so and Fanshawe takes on his only room, Patten (David Burke, Dr. Watson's Glory) should remain within a few days. Patten is not the most friendly type and adds to the job of Fanshawe's journey, like a large empty house that provides a fresh amount of cooking, cleaning and care. Fanshawe is very neat and sensitive, with everything that brings her everywhere where she has clothes, books and papers and is more surprised than the dirt in the room. Of course, it is difficult to say that he is very eager to start his work, but his binoculars need to find out that he is in transit, as he asks Squire for a modern couple, a modern thinking man, Squire, such issues, escape from the rubble around the house who wants to have fun and explore the surrounding countryside, and forcing Squash on top of the hill, where Squire directs her to the curiosity of her interests, including the Gallows Hill, where the locals are hanging over their murders and their bad deeds. but it was shocked to find out if there was a visit to the abbey site and a few stones left? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this confusion, because he feels dark, feels he is watching, feels his presence, begins to see shadows in the woods, and flies home. At dinner, he gives details to everything that comes up to Squire, Patten listens to this story and offers an explanation for it ... Binoculars! Since they were owned by a local man named Baxter, the bones and skulls of the Gallows Hill seemed stacked, some mixed together, or boiled for a while, while Baxcher had mysteriously disappeared, with the late Squire taking his belongings, including a mask from a skull and some old trees. These works have dedicated Panshawe to the Abbey he has seen through his binoculars, but he learns that the monument was destroyed during the time of Henry VII, and Baxter's sketches could never be signed. thinking. When he woke up that night, he had terrifying dreams, set out with a binoculars to escape from them, finds surprises, but does it endanger her? Fanshawe is finally trapped with his dangerous assassin, as the Dark Squire and a search side go for a missing archaeologist now, they are warned by high-level cawing crows above their dream, speeding up their speed, but they will be helping Fanshoy out of his fate or saved to do? For the Christmas Movies, Ghost Story, just started with The Ice House in 1978. They are basically based on the work of great Michael R. James. In 2005 and 2006 the series was short-lived and grateful. A view of the hill, he said, also returned to the case of James, whose sculptural writings hindered many generations of readers. The new director, Luke Watson, may have been anxious for the fans of old films, but he later returned to his abandoned films by later films that set up sounds for a great Ghost story. The masters of the masters work and gradually transform the fear factor into a terrible peak, but keeps track of the mildest, thus increasing the tension and mystery. At the edge of the autumn, atmosphere cages, falling leaves, and the sun lying on the ground create anxiety for bad happenings. They said that everything you say is perfect and perfectly in their role. The idea behind the binoculars is simple, but very effective, the use of a human being who is unable to see unusual creatures and unseen events has influenced Álex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006). Next year, draws attention to resemblance. I have heard the mixed views of this movie, but I always found it interesting and even said that I had a few hair on my head and caused a few shocks, and I can say something that does not happen in these days. Any negativity surrounding the film is not only my excellence, will be regarded as the fatal outcome for modern viewers. Although it is often short for 40 minutes to develop the character and expand the field, I have to say that it is one of the best films I've ever loved and, of course, decades.
