Think of having anything you want, going anywhere you want, and anything you can ever want - with a single thought. Now share this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Are such powers competent in your spirit? This is a dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in the legendary pilot episode of The Cage's original Star Trek series. NBC was named "very cerebral" and "very cold" by the rice, and Cage was still the most ambitious and expense pilot in the history of the network, and Gene Roddenberry made all these efforts and expenses, "The Cage," an emotional and philosophical depth, a frame story that deepens and enlarges an important place in the history of TV, can actually be a classic Star Trek episode. the first truly serious fantasy stories shot for a small screen ... Star Date 3012: USS Enterprise Launches Starbase 11, after receiving an urgent message from Mr Spock Enterprise's former commander. Very surprisingly, the message can not be from Captain Pike, because he is now limited to a wheelchair, silent and heartbreaking after a catastrophic accident. Kirk and Starbase commander attempted to escape the secret of Commodore Mendez, but before the matter was cleared before, Spock - through open-minded, impetuous Captain Pike theft and the abduction of the enterprise through a vividly thought-out and timely plan supported by several Vulcan nervous penguins. Coming soon, Enterprise Talos IV's remote, banned planet. Mendez says Kirka Talos IV is under ban, and any contact with the Starfleet ships or staff immediately gives a death sentence, meaning Spock deliberately destroys himself, and Kirk is also responsible for the Captain's responsibility for the operation of the ship. Appled, Kirk, and Mendez are following a vehicle in a space that threatens itself when the enterprise refuses to respond to its calls or does not craft as much as power and oxygen go about. Spock - Knowing that after a dead ship should not be able to send a Captain to a certain death. After being ordered to take the exhibition and the invaders set off, Spok insisted on what McCoy was doing and that he was arrested after laying starship at Talos IV in an irrevocable course. After repeating his command, Kirk requires a comment. Spock, Starfleet Commanders' tribunal - Mendez, Kirk and injured captain Pikkin. The Spok's Starfleet arrangements provide an opportunity to manipulate the tribunal, allowing it to submit to the court any other unacceptable evidence. Spock presents videos to the Federation and Talos IV, only 13 years ago, with the only affiliate affiliated business traveling by the Pike team. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video because of its extreme detail, but Pike confirms the reality of the incidents, and calls on the Tales IV for the accusations of the alleged right-wing investigator of the Federation of Fleet 18 years ago. Among the survivors, Vina said that an embarrassed beauty was born before disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to draw her into an isolated place, so she leaves and gets off with an androgynous humanoid race that has a great cranial ability by the Tales and has the power to transform human thinking into virtual reality. After being captured by Pikinin, the "survivors" were lost because none of them was Vina outside. The episode ends when the court finds that Spock's "proof" is actually transmitted from Talos IV to the facility contrary to the Starfleet rules. Starfleet orders immediate disconnection and what happens next? Continue to review "The Menagerie: Part II"!
