One of the first and second parts was only 2 parter in the 3-year run of the original Trek series, and Roddenberry was able to add the majority of images to the first pilot's "The Cage". Movement has come to the fore with the need to deal with the latest challenges in obtaining episodes (in the 1960s this kind of show was a bit of a challenge). A positive result is that the audience, who is unaware of the pilot almost a few years ago, as a new squad for the two episodes, and those who treat their captain, said that the money in these episodes had been for several years, The Starfleet episode introduces a TV epic (though these early episodes use the terms "United Space Fleet"). <br /> <br /> The story is a mystery field: The company is directed to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and soon Spock is suspected of these shenanigans. Surprisingly, even though McCoy Spock is an integral part of the Vulcan heritage, Spock really turns out to be a few absolute schemes for our precious starship chanx and now appears to be an old captain, Pike, without theft. Spock, half a man, we can not forget. Or was it simply a proof? It can be very good, because it manages Enterprise's Talos IV, limiting this limitation of the planet, which is the subject of the death penalty recognized in Starfleet's books. When the child is shocked, there is a great scene that is delivered to the miracle McCoy, as Spokes seem to be fierce. Even as a captain, Kirk will never know why he will do the unreasonable act of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and last acts, we begin to see the pictures of a mission. Enterprise 13 years ago, when Capt Pike was the commander and one of the Spock officers. We really do not know where all this is and what Spokes will do - it's a very good 2-parter that's another thing - we really need to know what's really going on in Chapter 2. Spock faces only severe penalties, but Kirchner's career may well end up. Double threat, nation. This is also the first television episode in one of these services (in fact, the works of art existed in the earlier "Enemies" when needed indeed). There is one of these neat mattresses to deliver a futuristic starbase atmosphere - this is the only way to see those things after that. Finally, at the beginning of the episode, check Kirkin's neglected approach - the boy goes to things as the story progresses.
