I do not think so many people, all of Hamilton's portrait is good, but I have to admit that it is beautiful. As Shakespeare actually has in every production, there are problems, and all of them have to make tough choices that will not work. For example, what is related to the "secret door everywhere" simply does not work. This element does not really resemble any metaphor or its attempt, which is very strange and loses the mystical secrets of the trademark. This is the biggest problem with production. Although this is a big deal, I have to say that it is a problem. Almost everything works perfectly well. Yes, Branag is very ancient to the roles. And the relationship with Ophelia seems to be a little bit forced. And sometimes it is very hysterical. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these errors, I think that this version is a seminal one, and if it does not have a strong drama, it should be a literary work. The full text of the longest version of the game is displayed as innovative and affordable, most of them are decorated with perfect and modern and highly understood sounds - even when they speak too fast to get massive text. But in a structure of Shakespeare, it is not possible to speak slowly enough to truly appreciate the full depth of the language. For this, we have to look at the printed versions of the works. <br /> <br /> All actors of this version are simply attractive and complete and instantly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie, like Gertrude, is certainly the best, and even American actors are surprised. Like King King Charlton Heston - Who Were Thinking? Heston once played Hamlet on the stage and a storyteller on the front line stopped his nervous player and said in a loud voice: "This is terrible!", Heston recalled the scene right: "Of course this is not true, but this is a funny story, if it's true, it's a brave and ironic choice to place Brane here in Heston.) Robin Williams "Young Ozrik" <br /> <br /> This is a very good version of very important scenes, in my opinion, it's a memorable memorable one. , I watched this movie as interested in Shakespeare (at the same time with Luhrmann's magnificent Romeo + Juliet) and made me a great impression that it is good for me. , Derek Jakoby's BBC version of the 1980s, with no doubt about the Sacrament of Branag The more work, the translator and populyarlasdırıcı find attractive casual attitude to the words of the text, and in-depth approach to the assessment of the accuracy and unashamedly attractive. Two brilliant luminescents in the world of Shakespeare remain Olivier and Branag and Olivier, despite being a great actor, brings Branac Shakespeare out of the snobbery and artificial kingdom and transforms it into a considerable, easy, populist worldview without any of its dignity. I think that Branaq is revealing the Shakespeare more than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> So it's 10 to 10 for Hamlet completely.
