Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should have enough reason to watch a movie for Genre-Lover, and the most convincing one is not the only reason for watching this particular Sci-Fi / Horror ship. In 1936, Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" was written by Karloff (Frankenstein, Frankenstein Bride, The Mummy ...) or Lugosi ("The White Lost" Dracula, ...) or both ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...) is undoubtedly a highly entertaining movie that no lover of religious cinema should think about. Karloff and Lugosi, of course, and the movie is also a great source of great scenes and perfect photography, with Carloff playing with Dr, and according to other Universal Horror pictures, the story looks a bit ridiculous, but pleasantly inspired by a telescope to explore the past and hit a meteorite thousands of years ago a brilliant scientist who sees a brilliant scientist, invites you to join an expedition to discover the meteor, the French philosopher Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), renowned for the invention of the Spirit, in Africa, Rukh, great care and is a discovery that can create a bitter ruin ... Englishman Carloff, an Hungarian scholar from Lugosi, from Hungary, is strangely surprised when he is actually playing an Hungarian scholar here. but also ordinary. While I'm worried, these two Horror Deities may have been filmed by reading the phonebook and I'm sure they have taken something - either a male Horror genre symbol and treat them for each admirer of the genre to see them together. Incidentally, this is one of the few films that Lugosi is not only the only one that Karloff understands. Frances Drake is a very good woman as Dr. Ruk's beautiful young wife. The rest of the performance is also good, especially not mentioned. Apart from the filming of Carloff and Lugosi, the film's greatest features are likely to be great parameters and photography, as well as strikingly cheesy and highly entertaining stories. My main complaint is to give Lugosi more time to the screen, and I want his role to be somewhat more important. He was fantastic, as always, but his role could be even worse. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" should be a nice entertaining movie and all fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans who should provide every love of the classic Horror / Sci-Fi movie.
