Well, let's just celebrate these horror legends for people who are collecting DVD collections: I'm really grateful and support initiatives at a high level, but ?? Have you ever watched them as part of the collection before choosing movies? When I bought Boris Karloff's collection, there were a few films starring just the supporting and unessential roles of the star ("London Tower", "The Strange Door"). But the "Invisible Ray" is part of the Bela Lugosi collection, and Boris Carloff, who shadows Bela here! This would really be a great address for Boris Karloff's collection! The character of Bela Lugosi is probably the most kind and courageous thing he describes in his whole career, and the good old Karloff really plays here with a mad and dangerous discreet scientist. "Invisible Ray" consists of three main chapters. Janos Ruh's first cast in the Carpathian castle is extremely boring, and the audience demands more patience but, of course, characteristic illustrations and the subject discussed here are the basis for the rest of the film. Dr Rukh (Carloff) demonstrates a few outstanding colleagues (such as Bela Lugosi, Dr Benet) who can handle the outside beams inside the self-propelled device. Scientists sincerely regret their work and Ruhu and his beloved wife, Diane, invite you to an expedition in the heart of Africa. Dr Rukh explains himself from the group, discovering the key element of the medical ray, "Radium X", and enters the stairs completely after hitting the meteorite itself. The third and final action is obviously the best and most terrible thing. Because of good character traits (statues melting) is a good old killing confusion and surprising peak. Carloff shines in darkness and intends to eliminate them with their deadly touch, while others are sure of discovering and even stealing their lives. The Invisible Ray's awkward structure is incredibly complicated, but it is easy to follow and enjoy the movie. Story is too far away, but still forced, and director Lambert Hillyer provides several minutes of defect. Boris Karloff is truly spectacular, and although Lugosi has a little bit more screenshots. Their scene is one of the main moments of the film, along with the shocking pictures of Boris Glow.
