No doubt, at the end of the 1930's, Boris Karloff and Bela Lukaski were the perfect performers in high-level horror films. After Bella Lugosi became Universal's "first monster" in dual classic "Dracula," his sad style and exterior accents became a horrible horror (unfortunately, this is the last factor in the 40's). Likewise, Boris Carloff's James Whale's "Frankenstein" turned a man to look for a good monster at any time. Of course, these icons were natural to end the screen sharing, and the movie that united them was "The Black Cat" since 1934. <br /> <br /> This formula will repeat over the decades in several films, and the director of Lambert Hiller's "The Invisible Ray" horror and science fiction mix is ​​one of the few classics in those years. The Invisible Ray, Janos Spirit (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device that shows the history of our planet captured in the light rays from the Andromeda galaxy. Phillips Benedict (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) show their invention, and thousands of years ago they saw a meteor that was hit in Nigeria. The soul, after this spectacular discovery, decided to join a colleague in Africa, looking for the mysterious meteor's descent. This expedition will not be useful for Rox, because the expedition hunter Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), brought by his wife, Diane (Frances Drake) Stevens during the expedition, will be in love with helping them expedition. However, Rukh will probably be able to lose more on this visit than his wife because she will be changed forever after being exposed to an invisible ray of meteor. <br /> <br /> Written previously by John Colton. "The Valley of the Wolves from London"), The Invisible Ray roots were a fantastic story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Considering that Carloff and Lugosi are a movie, Colton puts a very prominent instrument on the horror side of the story, with the crazy scientist playing the archetype very effectively and adding a good melodrama to spice. An element that distinguishes The Invisible Ray from other fears of that era is Kolton's way of playing morally through the story. That is, there are no people in the classic style who do not have full heroes and trickery, but those who make decisions and then face the consequences of these choices. In many ways, "Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsession, guilt, and revenge. <br /> <br /> Lambert Hiller, director of b-films with little budgetary budget, starred in 3 films when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems Universal Pictures. Thanks to limited resources, Hillyer's films have always looked good in spite of budget constraints, and the "Invisible Ray" was no exception. Even though the former Universal Fear Films are nowhere near the stylish Gothic atmosphere, Hillyer effectively captures the essence of Colton's writing, as Hillyer's film inspires the darker and raspberry mood in tone with pulp novels. Finally, one should say that Hillyer's use of special effects: For a very low-budget movie, they look better than those in a few A-films of the time. <br /> <br /> A movie with Lugosi and Carloff, performances by these legends is an unusual quality. In the description of a man who is loyal to the film's main character, Boris Carloff, it is perfectly clear that he does not see the evil that he is doing. His colleague Dr. Like Benet, Bela Luogis is simply delighted to play each stage and show what an actor under her is. As a spouse of the spirit, Frances Drake is extremely effective, helping you to truly become more than a family in character difficulties. However, the main moments of the two films are Kemble Cooper's Ana Ruk, and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella. Because the two actresses have an unforgettable role playing the most out of the limited screen duration. <br /> <br /> Although this film is based on today's standards, it's easy to put it as another cheap science fiction movie. <br /> Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but there is nothing surprising in comparison with the rest of the castle. with bad special effects and carefree speech. Nevertheless, this would be a mistake, which, despite its low budget, was well understood by its time. Moreover, given the fact that the film is about to begin its nuclear cycle and that radioactivity is still a relatively new concept, ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are frighteningly accurate. The last thing deserving to show is an interesting method of managing relationships between friendship and competition, especially between friendship and competition, between obsessive doctor Rukh and cold physician Benet, as the script allows large scenes between two symbolic actors. Notwithstanding the Gothic Expressionism of Frankenstein and the elegant stability of the Black Cat, Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely Universal Pictures horror movies. In one of the most fascinating scenarios of fear of the 30s, this blend of horror, horror and scientific fantasy is now a serious accusation that presents the two best entertainment in the genius genre: Boris Carloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
