When I took this movie a few weeks ago from the local public library, I intend to see the commemoration day after this or a few days, and finally, I was forced to see Sheikh this morning. It is Marlon Brando, the son of the Great Britain Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, who moved to Japan in a certain way, because his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens), who moved to Korea, was comfortable. Before departure, she tried to persuade Joe Kelly (Red Buttons) to marry a Japanese woman, Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), because of the breach of military fraternity. Along with Aly's and Eilee's works, Ace is the best man ever to have Joe and Katsumi's marriage, and she drops off to captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) after leaving Asia. Hana-ogi on the stage (Miiko Taka). Bailey introduces himself to one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen, one of the Kabuki performers, has a fancy for Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop there and say that it was the most controversial drama on prejudices regarding the American-Asian romantic relationships that touched from the beginning to the end. It is not a shame to see Spanish Montalbane playing even in the East (although its part is short). Brandon's head looks like hitting Button and Umei more than once. The Red and Miyoshi themselves protect all Oscars, especially in the Red, with an unhappy and proud sense. Before Rookie Garner began playing with her legendary role in the TV's Marverick, Brando and Miiko Taka showed a big obstacle in their first characteristic feature as anti-American. When I read, there were some changes from James Michener's novel; I can not imagine a director, Joshua Logan, who had previously received Broadway music from another Michener work called "South Pacific" and eventually would do it in a movie. the original source. Certainly, the next tragedy in the film has shown some of the latest scenes that have caused a bit of a plot of delusions. Some of the production pieces could have been slightly removed from the film, but on the contrary, Sayonara was a good educational experience of the 50s that dominated America and Japan.
