I watched this during HBO or Showtime or Cinemax when a parent subscribed to these channels in mid 90's. I have come across several times in different places and have always found it dark, strange and interesting. When I was young, in my early years; a few years after Arliss Howard and Big Bad Love blasted up, I bought the Wilder Napalm DVD and watched it for the first time in a long time with my girlfriend. I absolutely loved it! I really regretted it and I was impressed. Camera exercises and cinematography have many dynamic fluid confusion and intelligence; all of them come with an intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry of wisdom, music and all other actors. It's really "Cinematic". I love Arliss Howard's exquisite intensity, luxurious power and secret intelligence; he is a great admirer of everything; Debra Winger's relationship with the manic glee (they are, of course, married), goes past the camera, this magical charming truth. (Do they say they watch them during marriage? .......) "Great Bad Love" should be the next stop for everyone who does not see it.) And Dennis Quaid, with a full, clown makeup, a secretly presented, angled, and the stuck selection and full bloom delivery are a purely dark movie magic that you do not see very often. Quaid always had a dangerous quality for me, so he hid himself behind his whispering eyes and put himself as a strange charm or a strange strangeness (both). Both Hovard, and Quaid have a crazy fever behind the eye to shoot off their beautifully intense intensive internal gunslinger square in the dark cool fashion. In fact, the whole film has a dark cool energy and hip density. It's really a fantastic movie, put on by all involved parties by intelligence, imagination, dexterity, and chemistry. I can not imagine how this is funded and for me, this system is not expensive for me, but it's a shake I always thank God at all times. Beautifully reminiscent of one of the most beloved movies of all time: brilliant carnival colors, hip exploration, true humor and seductive chemistry all day long: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... Now a compliment in my book!
