The Shining is a strange example for adaptation: this is a very little common with the novel by Stephen King, but is still remembered as one of the best cinematography editing of the horror master's work. <br /> <br /> Nicholson has played in Jack Torrance, a writer who took care of the overlook hotel in Canada during the winter. terrifying stories covering the place: she claims a beautiful, isolated place to finish her new book. For this reason, Torrance looks at the family's new home: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son, Danny Lloyd. Especially the child feels that something was wrong: it's a mysterious psychic energy, titled Shining, like him, by Dick O Hallorann (Scatman Crothers), and his expectations from Dick's past and future, and other things. As this is a "gift," the forces living in the hotel can immediately resist, but Danny is showing interest. But this is not Jack's job, because he goes to paranoma about his wife's relationship, trying to find comfort in the company that can best be described as dreams, striking a chain of madness and fear. Shining works as a film film, because Kubrick knew exactly what was effective and not, even though he had never worked in such a film, so pay more attention to the atmosphere and psychological shock and to the creative blood lakes. King criticized the director for the majority of the story leaving the majority of Jack / Danny subplot (most of which is marked in the film) leading to the emotionally strong peak of the book and, despite its frustration, it was really important that the novel was unconventional, Kubrick, one of the most popular analysts of human recession, has never been a mild place. What he is interested in is a physical balance that threatens the mind and then the characters, and he keeps a creepy tone (with two ghostly twins, the best example of Danny), thanks to the very cold approach and the steadicam shooting experience. Another criticism of the king was about actors, especially Nicholson: according to the author, the strangeness of his trademark at the beginning of the film shows that Jack is already crazy, so the story. It is true that Nicholsson has been a little proud since the beginning, but it is true that Martin Sen (the ideal choice for the royal role) could not deliver a terrible performance like Nicholson: "Here's Johnny!" it begins to memorize in a more unsettling manner. it is impossible to describe another player playing this part, and since 1997, the Shining TV version is not bad, but Torrance's character is linked to One Flew on Cuckoo's Nest star. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both of them add a terrific support. The latter, in addition to Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment, is worthy of a big fear of childhood characters. Duvall may complain about the distraction and escape of a book partner (blond and beautiful), but two things should be taken into consideration: a) the 1980's, the scream queen, and yet; b) Rarely any actress looks terribly in the camera, making the difference of the book's film secondary to the real fear of Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Once upon a time, the author of Trainspotting, Irvine Welsh, has nothing to do with the absolute loyalty of any literary work (and Danny Boyle should be aware of his freedom when he is brought to the screen by his concern), but this is definitely does not mean bad. The Shining proves the point to be excellent: about 5% of the film is included in the film, but in this space translation of Kubrick and Nicholsson, this masterclass is transformed into one of the most beautiful, most original fears of all time, in fact the genre says something.
