Sometimes this is like the Thing, a horror movie I love. Although the Carpenter film is a more effective and more entertaining hits, Kubrick is more artistic, thoughtful, and likely to be scary. It's one of the few films I really missed and really love to miss her flaws. Try not to compare the book? I read once, a few years ago, and was afraid of death? Because there are not many of them, except the stories and symbols. Almost Kubrick's film is banking for frightening the film because people are afraid. <br /> <br /> We note that film shoots are not only scary, but also scary. and from time to time is not different ghosts. This is the destruction of Jack Torrens. Some people complained of Nicholson's fall into this role, saying that it was crazy in the film, and it was very clear, considering its past roles and looks. I do not agree. Do We Know That the Devil Is Going? Because most of us read books? and Jack's appearance only conquers this concept. But it's moving from the very beginning because it really scares us. Calm, quiet, patient. She is engaged in small discussions with hotel executives and even with her family. As he irritates his wife and his children, he is the smallest miracle to do so. However, it changes, though. It's sharp, angry, it's on the edge. The scene that shocks me at all times, when Wendy interrupts her writing, she loses her and says to her, "Leave it alone." In this film the first f-bomb dropped and the system was shocked. After that all bets are closed. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like is a lot of comments in the film. If we actually see what we're seeing, it's not really sure. Many critics point out that when speaking to a soul, Jack has a mirror that shows him he can talk to. But what are the other symbols? Wendy does not see anything up to the peak of the movie after a tour of many exciting people in the hotel, but Danny knows that something is wrong because it's just somewhere. His Spiritual Powers Are Not Alone? Does Halloran know how he comes to the hotel? ?? but does he never see any of his parents' testimony? Jack is so easy to claim that he and his family are losing it after they've been locked in a hotel and Wendy does that later? Will your spouse commit suicide with an ax? What is Danny? Apparently, his body is taken by Tony, but how are we sure? None of these characters are credible witnesses. Hallorann was probably likely to be warned of dangers in 237, but he was killed at the moment he came to the Eye View (playing in the hypotheses of Kubrick novelists). And that hit the last. Does the movie have a more mysterious end? Did Jack ever been there? Or was his body just "swallowed" by the hotel? Talking about the speakers in the film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Does Shelley Duvall give you one of the toughest features in cinematography history? the likely purpose, to give Jack the character more than one reason to exaggerate? and Danny Lloyd is not good, but Jack is a powerhouse. Fabric method, part improvisation, but also terrifying and attractive. To be better or worse, she is not a teasing child or nagging wife, not with whom she is associated. We all want to make ourselves a hotel for a season, we can do everything we want. Who Has Not Lost Her? Of course, the technical aspects are terrible. Kubrick's long, unusual angles and strange footage all contribute to fears. The use of color, mirrors, long corridors, and any other motive just increases it. And do not even start to open an account. I do not know if the movie is buzzing, it will be half the scandal without the electronic melody. <br /> <br /> I know that the king will not love this movie, but it's not proud of the royal theme. As a novelist, his scenarios are terrible and an attempt to be directed to others. This is a very loyal book adaptation, but it should not be and should not really do it. Part of the film's horror is that there is no book to go back to the audience; There is no source of confidence in any source. Kubrick is essentially changing the authors to scare the audience. This is just one of the most innovative films in any genre. Plus there is everything.
