The Shining entered a hotel on a hillside in the Colorado Mountains for talking about becoming a winter watchman with Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson), who led an isolated hotel called "Overlook" with Jack Torris (Jack Nicholson). Ullman says he will be responsible for the hotel's supply, but will be completely isolated for more than six months in the rest of the world in a short time. Her friend Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and her younger son Danny (Danny Lloyd) go to the Jack Hotel and everything is fine, it's a beautiful hotel, everything is great and everything is in their hands. Nevertheless, avoiding the hotel has a dark past, which killed the whole family before committing a suicide, and Danny has the ability to "shine", that is, the spiritual powers that allow the "ordinary" to see and hear. After days, weeks, and months, Jack becomes more and more insane, Danny keeps 'seeing' things and people, while Wendy screams because he does not pay attention to the events in the family, because heavy snowstorm traps them Jack finally loses. <br /> <br /> This English production is a co-written, collaborative and well-organized and beautiful film by Stanley Kubrick. Apparently, Shining is a film that is available in two different versions and I will comment, with a shorter European clock of 2 hours. A script created by Kubrick & Diane Johnson, based on the novel of Stephen King, I can not compare them, goes to psychological horror, not just visual, but with all the film. What really matters with Jack, Wendy & Danny is that there are very few films, they only care about the film, they keep in touch with and what they did. Although the speed is slow, this is a film that is not long-lasting and totally interested. The disadvantage behind Jack's downside and the ideas that he wanted to kill his family were strong enough to convince me, without making any explanations, he made me mistaken in running freezing, and I did not know if I did not leave, but that did not give me any sense, I'm trying to learn! There is very little in the form of violence or protection, a few rotten zombie ghosts & someone killed by the ax, but Shining is a story of a blood loss, as well as a fear film that does not need to rely on blood and special effects. Brightness is technically impeccable, as you expect from an obsessive filmmaker, as compared to about $ 19,000,000 in budget, because the camera is watching cinema characters around the maze of the corridors, Kubrick, brightly lit corridors, massive outdoor spaces and a modern décor (80's modern, simply out of the red toilet!). Operation is better than everyone else, but usually a small child in amber shows a lot of boring, and Nicholson has already begun. I'm filming The Shining, but I'm not sure, though I'll be able to watch it again soon. For those looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you will be disappointed. For those looking for a good haunted house-type horror with a powerful story, I'm definitely thinking that shining is a modest idea for me.
