Okay, okay, maybe not the biggest. I want to say that Exorcist and Psycho and some others may pass difficult, but the shining way out there. But the story of the best Stephen King that has been filmed. It's better than Pet Sematare (not quite scared), better than Cujo, better than green, better than Dolores Claiborne, Better than Me (though) and yes, better than The Shawshank Redemption , better), I do not think my focus is on the IMDb's 250. <br /> <br /> I read that a few decades ago Stanley Kubrick was sorted out by novels in his home to find one who could shoot a good movie, and from the other room, his wife was pounding every half an hour without any noise or even fever threw the book. Finally, he did not hear a two-hour-long sound, and when he went to check whether he was dead in his chair or something (of course, I would say respectfully), he was in the hands of the book and the book The Shining. <br /> <br /> I also thank God for making this book one of the best films of horror. <br /> <br /> You can thank Stephen King for the sake of the story of a man taking his wife and to a remote hotel to control the extremely isolated winter while working on the latter. Jack Nicholson can appreciate Jack's performance as Jack Torrance, Jack's performance (there are several Jack's films), and several famous lines ("Heeeeeere's Johnny!") Shelley Duvall, you can thank Stanley Kubrick for giving this excellent story a very recognizable touch, and the cast manager to follow the most rebellious twins of the planet to play some of the girls killed. <br /> <br /> One of the most important aspects of this film, which is the most important influence of this film, is insulation and perfect.When he went to the old hotel for an interview for the winter - looking job, Jack ' After a long scenery, Jack and his family are breezed to the hotel soon the same thing is followed by the dragging of the mountain.While this is the scene, as Wendy is concerned about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny, Kubrick can talk with Jack, Wendy and Danny in the car, confused <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is a perfect venue for a story like this, because it's good for what it's watching on the television ("Look, it's going to happen and it's getting worse by the bigger, echoing rooms and long corridors of bloody past." these rooms always emphasize the space in the hotel, but this is actually the most corridor for the film's fear, and Kubrick's traditional trail creates a creepy three-dimensional scene.The early film, Danny, has a well-trained kick-stroke What's going on around the halls of the Great Tire (what is it called?) And its relative velocity (as well as the wheels moving from the wooden floors to the rugs), you do not know what's in the corner, and you wait for something to escape from the story of Stephen King, the best scene (also one of the most scary in the film) Danny goes to the ground and as a ball goes slowly to him.Wait for it and look for a long empty corridor and expect that the ball was horrendously creepy twins who rolled it up because there is something in the kids ball. In any case, you get the point. The Shining is a cursed movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to having a rare quality of filming the Shining movie, I really feel that you are guessing and something that you missed. As Mr Grady said in the room, Jack was always there? Was it really on that ball in 1921 or exactly like it? Mr Grady also said that he was always a servant, so was Mr. H., who killed Mr and Mrs. Gray, even killed Mr. Grady? There's one thing to let go of the blank ends of a movie, it's just a mediocre film structure. For example, this is what Amityville Horror, obviously copied to the subject of Shining. The film is totally different when you are actually thinking (as most Kubrick movies are) presented in a way. Something else is something we can thank for Stanley Kubrick, and we have to thank him for not letting this book go above the wall. To throw one would be a cinematic tragedy.
