This film is a magnificent piece of cinematic fright, which combines all the great elements of an intellectual tension with a great vision of a director with instinctual ability to hit the moody horror in the genius of creating a ghost film. original shot, ice-cold soundtrack and overall feeling of dehumanization. This film reduces all typical horror films, such as red and poker, because it does not allow the viewer to sense the hero's severity and psychosis, but evaluate the seeds of unhappiness. One of the most terrifying events facing people is an unknown movie, and this movie is only meditating. The toilet is perfect in a winter refuge. The calmness of the moment is a self-contained feature, because Jack Torrance builds this idle time and exposes the devil's new playground. I always thought of the existence of evil that in all of our concepts only the condition of the moment and the reasons for it were needed to awaken his fierce donkey and slip on unbelievable victims. This film is a perfect example of this idea. <br /> <br /> And this film's delicate touch, the mold of the young boys' tires along the empty lanes of the hotel, the delusional editing discrepancies of Kubrick, the sophistication mistakes and the incorrect arrangements, represent the beautiful line between intelligent and dreamer a labyrinth garden, we will discover a world that is righteous and material-driven, but coaxed by strong and unknown individuals. I have never read the book, but without the point of comparison, I am proud to say that it is one of the most terrible movies I've ever seen. I thought that the film would be a little bit shorter, but still I'm not one of the most famous filmmakers in the film, perhaps a two-minute criticism of a super movie. All of this, this film is striking with a great form and vision, shouting at you with some terror and eccentricity, and closing your gardens and building your heart with a cold eye, a creepy atmosphere and a loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> The rating is 9/10
