This 1998 movie, based on a script prepared by late Edwards D. Wood, showed that there were no dialogues in the traditions of such films. While most woodwork have a unique low budget entry into a variety of genre-film traditions, GLEN or GLENDA's first release was a truly visionary attempt to modestly express itself with primitive avant-garde techniques. Although the film is a comedy, though a comedy (though a comedy), GLEN or GLENDA is a matter of confusion, Wood has taken it seriously, but there is no room for comedy. In the first few seconds of this film, I knew that I was taken to a new cinematic world, and I could not compare this world with anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc. - groundbreaking at any level. Especially if the film is not a "dialogue", there is no sound and "language", but you need to see how it is done to ensure that the methods provide excitement throughout the mind and surprise. The Glen or Glenda-esque method, reflecting stock images prepared for surreal effects, works well in the movie and is kept at a minimum. All movies are played on a hysterical firefly, and Billy Zane presents an incredible tour-action performance that shows what is a beautiful physical comedian and actor. In a fair world, an award for this performance would be given. Even Ed Wood like LOOKS and Zane is a different time, character, sleazy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at the same time !!!). This film is a shame that has faced legitimate difficulties and is just a few festivals that have never denied the North American theater or video freedom. Currently, there is a video in Germany (in fact, my copy is a German source) - newspapers headlines (although from the Woods script shown on the screen from time to time in newspapers headings), Zeyney's low-budget technique, especially the possibility of being too expensive for the movie through the newspaper headlines). I think that if a movie was played in some major cities at midnight with some careful promotion, one word might have been. It would be good if the city slowed down during the city's art-movie. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I still need to release a theater freedom, especially a MIDNIGHT "cult". <br /> <br /> Do you understand each scene? No, but I'm feeling emotionally "everywhere". Is everything in the movie "working"? Maybe not. I just saw it twice and I saw it for the first time, and I cut it several times. However, if the entire assembly line plays a lot and many "alternative" movies are rejected by a fetishist or assertive film video film school, we need the Hollywood experience. Bob Dylan's "Masked and Anonymous" movie did something like Steven Soderberg's FULL FRONTALI. This movie found a bigger audience than those. If you've read this review a few years later, and if you're interested in the idea of ​​this movie, watch out for the video never been released. You will not be bored. Invite some friends ... make a party. Play spectacular soundtrack LOUD. In the previous life, Ed Wood is happy with this movie and has acknowledged and confirmed his unique appearance with the development of this film. The tree seems to be always looking at bad times in his life, after the death of the film he is in the process of being kept in custody and is not related to his country.
