The premiere of this film is directed to the polarization of ideologies in the United States. It was a high fuel scenario that resulted in the collapse of two completely different cultures in America. Why did they justify this horrible act? .. While this movie was on stage (drinking Hickock and Smith), these two men were not intoxicated or under any influence of the drugs! This cold and calculated consultation was in a clear state. Basically, these violent acts are the ultimate outcome of emotional and public negligence ... As a nation since 1975, we have created an empathy against the deviations that they have suffered by themselves as a nation ... However, this event takes place in 1959! These horrific imaginations covered us, and the people turned the conflict into the throes of ethics! With the release of the film "Capote" based on Truman Capote, the creator of the documentary "Cold Blood," the American people were amazed at this new movie! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the most enjoyable in this movie ... It was consciously given to his personal life! Cold blood centers are not disclosed ... Elements have not been revenge, there is no material gain, there is no potential for social development, this is a secret and strange example, of course, does not justify the fierce rage of ending it! The sitatie diatribes speaking on Hickock and Smith were always uncertain! According to the situation, then why should their dreams come from a non-consensual and innocent Kansas family? .. Will Geer (Dad Walton) plays a prosecuting attorney who is ill with this movement of macabre capriciousness! His argument is completely convincing ... His argument is, "These two men who do not show mercy ask for you." This is a logical decision that can convict me of being a conviction. jury members! Absolutely disobedience to your dangerous situation in your life is not a vindication to condemn capital offense! Capote's instincts have demanded that the United States be aware of such immoral action! Perhaps it was against future things ... It did in "cold blood"! This event was calm before the storm in the 1960s, with regard to the proper aspect of going out! <br /> <br /> Former US Secretary of State Truman Capote mentioned the events that took place in recent days, according to the US embassy in Azerbaijan. she was the best seller) and this documentary ... In this film, prepared by Robert F. Blake and Scott Wilson, people like John Forsythe were incredible! The film's director Richard Brooks ("Cats on a Hot Tin's Roof", "Blackboard Jungle", "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo"), drew attention to their efforts in this film! I think that Cold Blood is one of the best films in history! The film portrays two evil defective spawns that delved into the demented theatrics and generates a lot of happiness for renowned recognition at the national level .... This film creates a psychological dissatisfaction that creates a bevy that emerges from the reverse culture of violent transmitters! Our nation's ideologies are now unbelievably different from 1959! This film introduces the American people to emotional and thirsty guilty people who start such a dangerous metamorphosis in our overall price system! I recommend everyone to see this movie ... The movie "Capote" has become the cornerstone of "Cold Blood"! Drawing on a movie is a rare and coveted longing for Hollywood! In the case of "Cold Blood", it was vicariously clairvoyant, intellectual rise and, of course, "Cold Blood", it was completely overwhelming, just a film of a spellbinding movie!
