The actual crime story based on Cold Blood is classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or just Hollywood (OJ, Manson,). Here are some important facts: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met with a chance, after killing a man in Kansas for a safe assassination, with a rifle with four rifles and a dagger, a family of 43 dollars he came face to face. As soon as they return to the United States after fleeing for a short while, there is no secret to the resolution. Some stopped racist lopses (stopped at a stolen car then caught them and Smith and Hickcock stopped a boy and an old man to collect bottles for change) and was sentenced to hang on his neck. The story ended in 1965. However, this story, moments, performances, Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (compassionate) DP Conrad Hall style strange widescreen black and white, very naturalism or a story that realizes without much melodrama (maybe the pitch perfectly be careful of the end). The tragedy of the tragedy depends on the story and is not so much for the slaughter, even as Smith and Hickcock are grouped up, as the narrator is expecting, as a respectable "third" man. The story is inevitable. In any other hand, you feel the same for those criminals, who can be only ordinary figures or B-films. <br /> <br /> It's not just a good way, but they're not going to be monsters, at least by all means. <br /> <br /> This is Smith and Hickcock on the way to the Clutter residence (the real nighttime murder), then to Mexico, then to America to Las Vegas. We long for the identities of these two persons, which is probably more than the first detainee, who has no potential and is subsequently detained. This is an alarming type of getting two of these (along with the reasonable quality of Malick's Badlands characters) and is a bold sign for this period. There is no slogan like "He did it for the other". We saw Smith's assassination, a psychotic father, but Smith loved him and hated him. According to the Capote book, perhaps there is a lot of complexity for the movie (I have to admit it, though I still do not read, though I'm planning). <br /> <br /> Hickcock talks about this creature, which is a ghost, which relies on trust (ie, getting suits and other things badly), but it does seem to give them a deep-rooted explanation. Cold Blood is the most striking example of the 1960s, and it's Brooks's star, like Blake, in his latest years, stunningly taking into account the epic of his real life), and Wilson's appearance before becoming a characteristic player. . While they are surrounded by a wonderful supportive job, they themselves are eerily absorbed, more or less governed by greed and dreams of greed, and stay in the situation through their death row and their ends pretty much the foundation. This one can be a moral, one that can not be classifiers, it is not even more terrible to prevent the good and bad bad cloud acquired? Smith apologized for his offense in advance, and he notes: "Who?" This is a story about giving bonfire to the most sophisticated fans of the real crime, and this is a very good American movie of 1967.
