Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock, Holcomb Dear Mr Clutter, believe that Kansas maintains a great cash supply securely. On November 15, 1959, two Mrs and Mrs. Clutter and their killer ended their young son and daughter. After a little police investigation, two men were detained and arrested for hanging. Cold Blood (1967) directed by Richard Brooks, I have not read Truman Capote, based on this movie, so I have to compare it. The film is not a brilliant work that tells about these terrible events. Perfect as Robert Blake Perry. Certainly, Blake murdered a couple of years ago and killed his wife. Now it's free, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever, it's still a very nice player. Sott Wilson works fine as Hickock. John Forsythe is astonishing as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is surprisingly like Mr. Hickock. There is something with Charles McGraw: Jesse McLiam, Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey, his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin's daughter Nancy, and Kenya's son Paul Hough. Great job by everyone. You need to remember this movie very much. Perry wants to hunt for Mexico in Hickock: Remember Bogart in the treasury of the Sierra madrasa. "And Blake himself is in a movie!" And this is a fun moment when a bunch of glasses are collected and thrown back to the boy and his father, and the darkest moments are the most ingenious, and the flashback sequence, Perry, was going to kill her, Nancy and he says, "Oh, I ask you ..." The man's cruelty can not be explained later, and then hanging in the scene, first we see that Perry is hitting the end of the thread in the last image of Hickock and then Perry. The book may be trying to calm those villains, especially those who are apologizing for the character of Perry, the father and the hate, but he still loves them, but both of these men do not change the character of this actor, and are cruel killers who do not apologize to anyone, In the cold blood of a family, it can give people such sympathy can you
