For middle-class sensitivity, the middle of human and human conditions, anyone who wants to be above Hollywood's first, after seeing the cinema, Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes exploded brain for anyone who could not come together For anyone who has the ability to understand human's intellectual level, laughing, understanding, understanding, laughing, meeting with people who are warmly welcomed, "Le Huitième Jour" for you. Jaco van Dormael just did not get a piece of work, it was very simple; has achieved one of the rarest art works in the world of cinematographic and is opposed to all kinds of encapsulation. A drama? Comedy? No: It's a Victorian story, a wonderful, exciting, laughable loving horrible personality, a victim of Downes syndrome. It's a tale of tears with tears, but this is not the classic tear; this film moves you through a world that instantly blends you with the feeling of compassion and regret, or with a sense of admiration, heat, and even the lovers. Harry, a successful banker vendor, slams Georges: both are in the opposite direction with completely different ideas, problems and priorities; skilfully Dormael makes these two challenging people a warm friendship, but on the way there is much more than good friend friendships on the road. This is a deeply-rooted need for another. Cuasi-srealist scenes are perfectly fitting: Georges remembers (or invents) past scenes of life or is dreaming or lying in the daytime; even the nearly fantastic fantastic charming final scene is absolutely true. The only scene that can be considered a little bit is to steal a car and remove them from the showroom. But it is not entirely intact. This movie is a monument. Although your French are not many, you see these topics with the subheadings. 'Le Huitième Jour' is worth the trouble. As to something else, can we read the following comments? I'm going with all of them. This film is a joy, unique, unique. If you see the "Rain Man" as a perfect movie, you should see it: it is very popular because there are no world-renowned actors on the popular Hollywood production; Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? For these two TEN oscars, and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who is it? ????????? <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <Chapeau!
