This film is famous for several features: Philip Dunne's partial writing of religious films, many good speeches, first-rate in every department, and intelligent direction by veteran Henry King. If they shoot a movie, Leon will gain the ability to act as a cinematographer as Samra, as an original composer, producing a quality production like Lyle Wheeler, art director and Alfred Newman. Include the form of this movie, including the headline characters such as Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward, a dance given by James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows, and John Sutton and Gwen Verdon, and eventually turned into a special feature film. But in a biblical subject, usually a sub-genre that is incredibly illogical motivation and incredible interference, everything will eventually depend on the author's abilities. Philip Dunne has provided a rare success to people here, in biblical films. David is a man in this film, one versatile, one who does not do mythical work on the paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck is an enthusiastic, passionate, self-guided, self-esteeming and attractive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is a very good choice, but in the general sense that the King of Israel is going to give him a lot of danger, he is giving a good outlook and emotional norm. The rest of the rash is unstable and capable. The presented story provides very little to work with, but it is as possible as possible by the author Dunne and the cast human condition. David's youth is called flashback; He was chosen to be the king of Israel by a prophet of the Lord and, as he feared each of his giant warrior beard, he gained the upper hand in the battle of Goliath, defeating Phiistine. After that, the Israelis were eventually removed from Saul's palace, becoming a famous warrior, demanding the kingdom, and the son of the former king, Jonathan's death. Her wars are successful - the film is actually opened with a successful attack scenario; but his wife, Michal, Jayne Meadows, is a daughter of Saul and her cold. He appeals to Bathsheba, who sees naked water on the roof of the palace; Later he admitted that he was hoping to see him. But he and his wife, Uriah; it is necessary for Uriah to enter the battlefield and spend time at home after his pregnancy; Instead, it is in harmony with Verdon's dance, even calling to build David in front of the battle. David agrees. He was killed, a war hero; but it does not solve the issue of disbelief. The drought comes to Israel and the killing of the king is responsible for the phenomenon. Finally, David put his hands on the Ark of the Old Testament and was recently brought to Jerusalem and was eventually placed in a temple that led to the death of others who had been associated with him. He invited God to punish him, and nothing happens ... David goes out of the temple and sees his rain. This movie is always interesting, it is different from its scenes and physical beauty. The author and the author use the principle of observer and are sincerely more successful in humanizing the characters, and this is almost no film outside of the Grecianised-Middle East canyon, which is a little easier, because it is center of complex and religious issues. such adventures. . This dramatic effort is a recurring study of brilliant exercise, memorable performances, and memorable dialogue.
