Those who were not fans of the first-person shooters were very hesitant to play this game. It was sold after demo. "Undying" really drives you into the game and manages to become part of the universe within your character. There is this green lace, called "Gelnamabar Stone" with special powers and warns you of special events or things. look. With a special magic "scrye" you can see some things that will not appear in other things. When you hear a whisper in a hallway suddenly, "Look", for example, a shining sparkle of an art. And then you can see a range of strange and creepy things drawing, using scrye magic. Tell me to witness such a thing, that it frightens me like hell. People waiting to finish this game for several hours may even forget tricks by using them. This game is based on a carefully-focused character, using ideas. As with any fear film, your surroundings are quite dark. And ghosts and wolves can kill them very often when you do not accidentally expect them. There is a scene you want to enter into a room that you push with a powerful force that takes you a few moments to realize what has happened. This was a mistake that could have come true from the classic "Evil Dead"! Living like that is a real success. At present there are many elements that give "Undying" the level of the best classic horror movies. But, unfortunately, I have to say that there are some flaws. The universe you play for something is great. You will start a large palace with all kinds of hidden, hidden rooms and even a hidden hell dimension named "Oneiros". This is good at the beginning. But it can be frustrating between all the loading time and some challenging enemies. And there is no map. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. So patience is required. Besides, there are other jumping puzzles that you have not started moving forward. I can not jump to third-party adventure platforms. But the first-person mode can be a boring task. Fortunately you can save at anytime and anywhere. And trust me. Generally, "Undying" is the extraordinary first-person shooter deserving to play by any horror or game fan.
