The elegant and unsatisfactory young girl Zandalee (a perverted and lively performance by a sweet smart pumpkin Erika Anderson) is a closed, lucky poet and a dignified, but dull businessman, Thierry Martine (a reliable and convincing description by Judge Reinhold), a lover without a lover . Zandalee mixes with sleazy and a crooked chain with arrogant artists Johnny Collins (playing spectacular hilt by Nicolas Cage). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will everything be separated and the seed will go? Tawdry soap opera-style histrionics is a thing of the past when the director Sam Pillsbury and film director Mari Kornhauser try to explain a serious and profound story about the amokun and the desires of its potentially dangerous consequences; consecutively goes glorious off rails in the smiley histrionic in the last three years. Dialogue is also unpleasantly foolish and strange (example line: "I shake you nudity and want to eat alive"). It is even better to emphasize that this flick gives a very delicious female nudity (gorgeously statuesque Anderson and warm smoke in the buff) and semi-pornographic soft-based sex scenes (Johnny and Zandalee emphasize the evacuation of a church confessional stand). Tart'n'tangy New Orleans setting adds extra pleasure to the process of evaporation. Cage's Johnny is an absolute hoot as one of the most fragile unappealing "romantic" guides to wipe her path, with a long, scary black hair, oily mustache, bad mouth and coarse behavior. Anderson, Cage, and Reinhold, with a wonderful backing of Joe Pantolia, are happy to invite Zandalee's gorgeous gay friend Gerri, Viveca Lindfors, Theirry's wise, surprising mother Tatta and Aaron Neville. friendly bartender Jack, and as a funny, dark, shameless thief as Steve Buscemi. Walt Lloyd's sharp and brilliant cinematography creates an attractive shining appearance. With rain for praying, the flavor and the harmonic score hit the same spot. Outrageous camping and a hurricane riot.
