Walt Disney and her 9 Elementary Men have put their entertainment into the Cinderella classic fairy tale in the 1950s. Maybe the classic can help create an unofficial "trilogy of fairy-tales" from Disney. <br /> <br /> WRONG: Cinderella is a beautiful girl who can not hold a break. She was a beautiful, wealthy widow, but when Cinderella was too young her mother died, and Cindy's father felt that she needed a mother figure and eventually married a woman known as Lady Tremaine, with her two children, Cinderella , Anastasia and Drizella, a widow of the same age. At first they were all alike, but then Cinderella's father died, and the true essence of Lady Tremaine was discovered - she was a cold, cruel, gentle, heartbreaking, heartfelt woman, and conveyed these qualities to her daughters. spoiled, bratty and equally inspired. Anastasia and Drizella hate to know that she understands that she is better off and understands that she is a more attractive woman (that is, she is more attractive to men) and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates pretty much the same reasons for Cindy. Lady Tremaine has been trying to break the fate of the family in a stubborn but useless study to improve / improve her unpleasant, despicable daughters, even though she has three restful Cinderella from the past years (the "ugly" everywhere would be insulted by ordinary people) , abuse her and abuse her chances (especially she likes to increase her absurd workload). Today, he brings us to Cinderella, where he stepped down to a young lady who seemed good to be kind and beautiful despite her family of insults, and one day she hoped the tables would return to her. <br /> <br /> Cinderella can accept her as a wife, sit down, marry, and get married when she has the freedom and happiness to deliver the king's ball, a young princess to a local princess. Naturally, his stepmother tries not to go off even physically and physically until he continues to dress up his clothes (with some help from his mate friends - his biological mother). . Finally, he left the breaking point, Cinderella came into the yard and cried desperately. At that moment, Fairy Godmother, a short, full-fledged, betrayalist, and Cinderella's clothing and transformation (after all, Cinderella did not make a good impression on the ball while looking at the scene), just as she had been harassed by the network. When Cindy comes to the ball, the prince becomes challenging for him, but this frustrating midnight is forced to run, but a bottle leaves behind slippers. Explain a long story in short words - after a lengthy investigation to find the mystery girl while trying to stop the bottle, Cinderella was found and she and the prince marry her, and she deserves a happy ending. <br /> <br /> Generally a pleasant Disney classic. Although not his flaws, he is less than MacGuffin to help push down the sequence of the Prince - he has very little screen time and less dialogue, so we know him very well or look good at his relationship with Cinderella (from the preparation of this documentary since he was unlucky to be expected to play a bigger role at the beginning of the princess), and that Cinderella might be able to turn a few extra scenes (if possible) into an army working to clean up her house and be aware of listening to his step-ball ball the song showed their jealousy because they thought Walt thought he was looking at him). Still, Cinderella is a gratifying heroism, though it has been defeated by her fellow mates, and has a sweetness to the film that is difficult to find these days. Of course, if this is done now, Cinderella, of course, has fought more with his family in the changing clothes and has probably pulled himself out (or self-locked or inadequate, Cinderella's young Think well of those who say that they have set a bad example for girls, at least Cinderella has not gone to the public to get drunk and, in contrast to some modern days, have been "princesses" (who do you know)?
