Legendary filmmaker Walt Disney has shown three of the world's largest fairy wings. They are among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was the basic classic "Snow White and Seven Dwarfs" produced in 1937. The latter was a time when Sleeping Beauty was first assessed in 1959. Among these two is perhaps the most classic tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Three films, Cinderella, are the most loyal to their roots. On the contrary, in contrast to "Snow White," which is better or worse, has become a very solid version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Even though it's a hit, like "Snow White," it's never been responsible for the dismantling of Disney's fortunes, it's getting to the same audience recognition that really deserves it. Instead, Disney once proudly chose not to replace it with a classic, instead of rewriting it for the screen, preparing and adding a fairy tale item. The result was spectacular. <br /> <br /> The combination of perfect animation (beautifully soft Technicolor) and perfect sound effects has been accompanied by a brilliant story to date. Radio singer Ilene Woods, the authors of the material, pointed out the discs of songs as a blessing to Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found Zolush. And it was really. Woods wishes "A Dream Dream", "So This Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, the "Bedroom Beauty" Maleficent, would have gone skillfully captivating the frozen cruelty of the subject, while Roda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly bad addisters. Luis Van Rooten played both King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was delighted with both Jack and Gus, Cinderella's loyal mice. William Phipps has little information on the princess (future talk show host Mike Douglas provides his voice), but the film (and Disney) veteran, Verna Felton, was born to play the lady's spouse and the best number (Oscar-nominated "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" ) their show-stopper. Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film was Mary Blair, who was loved by Disney for the inspiration of the Spirit. Its elegant French period background adds a great deal to the quality of the movie. But, most importantly, 'convincing symbols' - from Cinderella, from right to Lucifer, from the unpleasant bad cats of a student. <br /> <br /> The "Cinderella" was released on a special DVD, associated with the 55th anniversary of the film (and not so casual, but with future strikes). It just did not look better. It should be seen that the film is completely rebuilt - it is enough to say, it looks fine. Enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added and music is well-served. Now, DVD's, which is a standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, is so great to be listed here, but some are routinely directed to children, some to adults, and the rest to one place. But true fans want to buy the Deluxe Gift Set, as well as a true 160-page hardback book, which includes most of the material contained in the movie, along with the original cell and eighth sketch. In 1995, the release of a private home-made video, but more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" can only be used for a limited time. So, if you're a Cinderella lover like me, get NOW! This edition is truly a "Rüptüh Truth".
