Michael Curtis has ruled out a very charming hero from a script written by Robert Presnell Sr, Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine since 1930. Their original novel was "The Kennel Murder Case," perhaps a strange S.S. Philo Vance by Van Dine is the best of the secrets. Vance was a long-term and influential detective, and his character could have been given to William Powell, and maybe the Warner Brothers managers knew that the few detainees of this detective had the possibility of removing viewers. Fortunately, first of all, they characterized William Powell. Later, "B" was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lucas before being brought in. As always with another of Warner Brothers's leaders, another question was chosen as Vance; their killing was to choose men outside the law, and there was no clear distinction between the weaker killer and the individual champion of individual rights. This movie is a deadly claustrophobically challenging dying place inside a residential complex. These symbols are accompanied by unusual good, the direction moves well and unusually fast; and with a dark B / W view, the movie runs from the non-characteristic dialogue of comedy acids, many characters and many early detective entries. Jack Okey made a good career of art. Music by Berhard Kaun; Orry-Kelly made the suits. William Reese has mainly provided indoor cinematography. Powell is a FILO WALNESS for an exciting period, with only one sign of shardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette, with a very professional timing, is better than Vance's play as a striking police partner. The best actor Paul Cavangh, as always, is written as a very effective, red sweater piece. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point her career talked a bit too fast to be as effective as it was then proven. His wife, Helen Vinson, legendary woman, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (known as Frank Morgan's best brother), Robert Barrat, is killing everyone like Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his beloved brother, McWade DA; interesting and funny Etiienne Girardot, is a noble witty part of a funny little court physician who goes on the scene. Like the prohibition of Chinese, James lee is excellent and clever. The story is divided into four parts. First, there is a shadow job in a dog show showing Vance, Coe and Javanagh's West Highland terrorists. The dog's dog was killed by Coe to prevent his head from winning his title. The second part of the incident involves abandonment; one of his friends is confused enough to see who's going after Coe's parts to kill his uncle's good brother from Vincent's side. Enter Vance to find out who's in the locked room at Archer Coe and see how it works with Palette; romantic difficulties are corrected, the Chinese servant abandons, who marries, whom, to whom and whom Archer Coe has done and why the child does not do it - as if it were a good excuse. did This is a good little secret that Curtis, a Hungarian-born filmmaker, is quite capable of. He used surfaces, speeds, camera angles, and alterations with a straightforward, daring camera to achieve different effects, interests, and a steady tempo. Many writers, critics and experts consider themselves the best of Vance projects, including myself.
