"Markham says," I come to believe that the Archer Coe was killed in this room, this is the poker, the trench, the parts ... all here. "" But Vance , "Markham says," Do you want to tell me a dead man above me? " Vance says, "I do not want to say anything else to you." This is the most remarkable event in my experience. "<br /> <br /> We are sympathetic, rich, arrogant Archer Coe did not like anyone who did not recognize him, a chair, a pistol in his hand, and a head with a gun on his head, but wait.Consequently, research shows that Coe was heavily smashed by a skull, and then a dagger wound .. The hardest things Coe's bedroom door and windows were locked from inside Coe was not a suicide, it was a crime, but how did the killer escape? What was the special motivation of being suspicious? And Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, was found dead on the main floor cover? <br /> <br /> 73-year-old Kennel Murder Case still provides an elegant look with an old, locked classic scent. yir nor works, first of all, mystery is complicated and intelligent, but still reasonable. Secondly, William Powellun entertaining and reliable performance. Think of his work as Philo Vance as a workout for great performances like Nick Charles. Save more than Vance. He uses his ideas to separate one another. He is also a good company. Powell was a star on Twenties and steadily rose his status and popularity when it was removed. His intelligence, style and elegant sophistication have shown him as one of the most actual actors in the past. <br /> <br /> It's nice to see some other bigger ones. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, Coe's young, hateful and potentially rich wardrobe; Paul Cavanaugh, like a fun Brit, around Hilda; Helen Vinson, especially in a mixed and selfish manner (see, in fact, his belongings in Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small elderly man, such as Dorémus, who continued his work as a coroner and a medical examiner; and Ralf Morgan as Archer Coe's special secretary. This film has a high proportion of middle-aged men and is easily available for short-term, English-language suits without oil ointment. The majority is Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel sounds, Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-term acquaintances similar to each other.
