The third point of the film is Patton Lust for Glory, a biography of Frank McCartney, a controversial general from the Second World War. <br /> <br /> As the first reviewer, I am interested in why he is interested in showing a film more interest than the other one. <br /> <br /> The difference between these two films is that Patton is relatively more focused. Immediately after and after the end of the Second World War, MacArthur covers not only this war, but also the role of the Korean War, as well as the period of the occupied Japanese governor of Japan. /> <br /> The main difference lies in the way the two leaders play. Gregory Peck likes this film more than the 'Patton' dominance of George C. Scott. Another great star, Carl Malden, plays in front of him as General Bradley, while none of the other MacArthur players are at least the home names for the movie. Of course, Scott, Patton is an aggressive and fierce man, sometimes a man who was in war with the rest of the human race, not the enemy. In my true life, I think General MacArthur is volcanic as an individual like Patton, but I doubt that it might appear in this movie. Peck MacArthur is a comparable, thought-provoking reference to liberal intellectuals in some of his other films. Sometimes it looks like a person from the political left. Many of his speech on Japan's surrender to the 1945s was written by a CND member, and the policy of reforming the Japanese society during the American occupation was a semi-socialist weather. With an attempt to show MacArthur's gift for the perfect leadership, Peck gives him a nice speaker, but his appearances are more owed more to the studied tricks of more experienced rhetoric than his heartbeat. <br /> <br /> Atticus Finch attempts to squeeze some threads with less attractive attributes "to kill a Mockingbird", although criticism is called "MacArthur" while breaking the "wart and whole" portrait of bearded Patton. I think these criticisms, especially the Korean War. The film gives the impression that Macartur is a brilliant general, who does not know how to fight the war, and who bravely fights for his pain when he understands the victory, against the military ignorant politicians. Many historians, of course, believed that Truman had to take MacArthur because the latter behavior was a threat to world peace, and there was no choice because Stalin did not allow the Chinese allies to humiliate him. Even in Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur is more realistic than the real-life original; We see that political issues are less than his foolishness and naivety. (According to Truman, "he knows a lot about politics as he knows about pork market") was not about Eisenhower, but MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy would be equally good. Perhaps the film's attempt to pull some MacArthur's wagons reflects the period in which it was made. Vietnam and Watergate were severe in the late seventies after the double traumas, and a community of trusters welcomed the heroic portrayal of a former military man. Another criticism of the film is falling between two stools. If it is intended to be a complete translation of MacArthur, nothing should be mentioned in its first life, which has nothing to do with it. (General view, when the Philippines resisted the Japanese invasion). A film that runs throughout the film is the impact of the military hero, General MacArthur's father. I liked to see Arthur MacArthur's man, and I just thought his son was a hero and role model. Another interesting way of filming would be paying close attention to playing Korea and MacArthur's clashes with Truman, two men and the role of the same players. The film actually seemed less interesting than these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> Along with this, I did not really like the movie, so that I could make an impression. I do not agree with Pek's key role, though he does not deny that he is playing with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film is a solid, working biological, thoughtful and informative example. A good movie, but may be a better one. 7/10. <br /> <br /> During the Korean War, MacArthur's map shows a DMZ, a border crossing between two Korean states, which did not appear until the end of the post-war era. (Before the war, the border was parallel to 38th). In addition, I think MacArthur thinks the war is "overturned". War can be poisonous, but it is hard to listen to the toxin with anhydrous ear.
