The effects of work-related stress can be the pressure of a moral dilemma, or maybe the catalyst of the middle-aging crisis, which creates a conscience against a family business's commitment. Dark and Scary Drama, Panic, Henri Bromell wrote and directed, and starred William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. <br /> <br /> <strong> According to the Ministry of Economic Development, Macy was tired; Sevda's wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a six-year-old boy Sammy (David Dorfman), shares a post office work and his main source of income, his family 'shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland) and his mother Deidre (Barbara Bain) . But it's empty; In this special trade, he was a psychologist. Josh Parks (John Ritter) has left him secret and personal, bringing him a mental attitude. To further worsen the problems (or better depending on the perspective). In the waiting room of the park, he remembers Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), who first performed his presence for the first time. As she came to the agenda after she had often met, she became a brick in the wall of the moral conflict that she had visited. All his life has become a "situation" - he can not succeed without hurt himself. He may deny his age and indeed a middle-aged crisis, but he discovers that the problems he faces are not simply going away. He is at a crossroads and he has to decide which way to go. <br /> <br /> Bromell has made a really interesting insight, a delicate and sensitive character exploration, and it is a way to make this offer possible. empathy audience, and thoughtful moments that make it possible for Alex to understand what's going on. There is no simple answer, there is no easy way in real life. His symbols are well-defined and are very real people representing the diversity of life that is present in the life of any family. The film pointed to the fact that his father's children were innocent and had consequences and effects that could have resulted in genocide. As you grow, you perceive your personal environment as a great part of the world; and often reach an adult that has a morale set by a person who travels on the planet and understands that he can not be favorable for his son's son. And at this point Alex finds himself as a story open; an average age crisis or, in particular, a conscience crisis that can not be saved. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy has been one of the premier actors of the business. Bromell, Quiz Kid, creates different characters like Donnie Smith, "Magnolia", "Mystery Men" in "Shoveler" and "Fargo" as Jerry Lundegaard. And this is just one example of many of his achievements. At one point in this film, Sarah writes Alex's "gloomy eyes" and this is a very promising statement that Macy's power of performance is capable of conveying his very real feelings in a simple, convincing way. Inside is experiencing confusion. Think of the dark bed while sleeping in bed; at the moment of trouble, he has led not only to his situation, but also to everything in his life, finally to this point. At the same stage, you complete the guiltyness, confusion, and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully buried so far; all things that are always the mainstay of Alex's life, are gradually being violated from the earth, which only now results in defense mechanisms and finally requires conflict and resolution. This is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. This, as we have seen, is a character that will be relevant to anyone who is facing a situation that is inaccessible. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is a very good influence; its a Michael, a heartwarming evil in a really bad way. In fact, it's scary to think that there are such people on earth. It's not a pulp art or a James Bond-type villain but a bad fact hidden behind a bad appearance. <br /> <br /> Although Neve Campbell appears to be part of Sarah, his performance seems somewhat ambitious, although it is only characteristic and is, in fact, a positive aspect of the film. Sometimes he would turn his energy into something that would make a big change in his own character. But Panik is one of the best efforts; In the end, a strong film is worth taking a good trip. 9/10. <br /> <br />
