Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to get one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne box packages from my Half of it, but yesterday I did not watch the last part of the trilogy. Given that the last trilogy fled instead of winning the last line, I avoided approaching Bourne Ultimatum, but I should not be really worried. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> Matt Damon), a journalist from Ghandanda Simon Rossa (Paddy Considine) A new program based on the Treadstone project - returns after a clear leak on Blackbriar Operation. To find out more about his half-memorable past, Bourne got a further note, while others believed that Bourne himself was being leaked, including the CIA's deputy director, David Strathairn, and began to persecute the agent who infuriated the mighty. Can Bourne finally find the answers you are looking for or will his old employers sidetrack for good? <br /> <br /> I'm a little disappointed with the "Bourne Supremacy", focusing on the brand realism of her own action scenes and focusing on the right spy movie. Instead of saying that it was completely lost, it seemed to be a spy novel that was slower than a motion-thriller compared to the fantastic Bourne Identity. There is no such concern here - every car accident, shock, shock, and gunfire are heard and felt in visceral pleasure, but thankfully, it still keeps a good intelligent and captivating spy story in the heart to rely on the surrounding action. It also links the two films together and offers a trilogy bookend as it is explained to everything and extends as the full picture is taken. All speeches are flawless - even Julia Styles begins to offer something more than a book-worm-candy candy. Well, just like Bourne films, there's so much to do with this original novel, but if you're an immortal Ludum fan, it's really no reason to love a movie. <br /> <br /> The Bourne Ultimtum is more than a movie that delights me and, despite my fears, is a cracked film with enough bone-sprinkling action to ensure Bourne Ultimtum's meat - not to leave your attention for a minute someone else who never threatened. Even in the final shot, you are not sure if a happy end is sure, but whether the array is an admirer (or, if not more,), this is really possible as soon as possible. For the restart, this series forced Bond's filmmakers to shoot forty years of movie history. Bourne is a modern spy hero, and the latest Bond films looked like the Austin Powers, much like the reboot of the Casino Royale Bond series. Jason Bourne is a complete crime offense - get a copy of the DVD. Even though there is a Ultimate Bourne collection - a limited number, I'm scared!
