I must admit that when Bourne Identity came five years ago, I did not think too much. At that time, when I was 11, I was really young enough to get into the story line and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when I came to Bourne Supremacy, I thought it was a better movie than this person, but I did not think it was as good as I was expecting to be judged by refugees. Over the past two years, I have repeatedly said that the Bourne films are beautiful, I have been repeatedly told that I do not care about my tongue and what I think about the movie. Two months ago I had no intention of watching if I had not been cursed on Bourne Ultimatum. But then I decided to go back to my decision later. I went out and bought both original films. What a surprise to me when they captured me. I found my superiority over the two, but Supremacy is not too far away. They took both the deceived and the action-packed and exciting movie pieces. That's why I was in the first place today to see the Borne Ultimatum. And boy Bourne Ultimatum is unsuccessful! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was one of my favorite actors before appearing in Bourne films, and I had seen him at the Talented Mr. Ripley, but I did not think at all. But he was born to play Bourne (forgive the penalty). Throughout this series, we've seen a change of character before our very eyes, and when we see Matt Damon in the best way, he thought it was better than the outside and I thought it was one of the best things I had missed. Indeed, you hope to see yourself and find everything. Matt Damon plays with a silent intensity and always finds his character extremely credible. The supporting player of the film was also outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, where he prefers self-esteem. His character is also very convincing, and there are moments given to the end of the film. Julia Stiles turns into Nicky again and finally learns a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very stubborn actress and I think he deserves more roles, deserving roles. David Strathairn is a new film coming out of this series as Nooh Vocene, he is absolutely a bad man and really is very good. He is the most sophisticated character we face and the decisions he makes are really bad. Strathairn's role is rels and he also gets some superb scenes from the movie. It is worth mentioning that Albert Finney, too, does not have much to say about the character, but is the best surprise, but his scenes are the main points of the film. Bourne films have always put more focus on the story line, which has no action segments in the trilogy, so there is no good god dotted all the dots in the movies. But it's a very well written and well-run movie that runs through the movie. This story ends in the best way imaginable in this movie. It was nice to watch the night's night before seeing my ultimate, because I could feel some of the smallest parts. The last scene in Supremacy in New York is more important than I ever imagined. It protects people, but I strongly recommend that you control the rule before you see the Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for many people, Ultimatum is going to see it completely because of the order of action. I condemn such people and feel that I need to see them for the story, but I would lie if I did not tell you that my favorite parts of the Bourne series were following the car. Mini car tracking on Identity is one of the most favorite car calendars of all time. Good Ultimatum movement is to be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins with a move in Moscow. During the film, we will get many drunken and shocking drums. Certainly an incredible bike tracking, many charms that are even more beautiful, pursuing an unforgettable exciting car and much more! <br /> <br /> What's important to me is the scene at the Waterloo station, it will not destroy it, but for some reason it has kept me. <br /> Are there any shortcomings for the film? Not in my eyes, but if you are not an admirer of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, I will not offer Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to win over any new fan, just because it's pasting the best of the franchise and adding it to only a few more stories and action series on the top level. Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best album and best album of 2007. It's a great honor for me to say that James Bond is fanatically better than most of the Ultimatum Bond films and trust me It's a lot to tell me. Although Bourne can not be a better franchise than the Bond series at all, it is definitely equal.
