Over the years, when we came to our understanding of the "8 Rule of Law" written by writers only after John Ritter's death, we saw a lot of unrecognizable things because the show had to continue, but this was the first time I took care. Ericin's or less Kelso's idea of ​​being the "70's Show" is ridiculous. They are trying to cover Leo and increasingly treacherous story lines, but always feel like anxious when it does not have the main character. It did not really come together, it was often a non-comical thing that was often not funny. Last season did not feel very much like every season, because Eric was often on the screen and now repeats and repeats the rest of the character. Fez, the gimmick was attentively attentive and the character would just stop working, because the whole contract was something strange, and you can not say things anywhere on the second line. They also brought standard American Oliver, this time was just a kid. When you hear someone knock on the door, you have not heard that Randy is not Randy. The contract with Randy would really be a donkey smile and complete delivery, and Donna would be seamless, as Kızıl said. I think that more than half of last season is like Donna's fun. Problems had begun before: at one time it was not really about an unemployed family, but slowly, with the same great concept as the soap opera territory. Everyone began to fall in love with everyone, emotional scenes dragged into the heart, focusing attention on the one we are watching, just as in the world as it is with a heartbreaking joke. I guess it is the development of this character, but it is almost as calm as the moral lessons of "Family Issues". <br /> <br /> Dear, The last episode was really good, even though it was funny, because Topher Grace (a community with their show) was a community. <br /> More criticisms on Season 8: What was hell with the opening theme? He did not use the same joke twice (not reading a single character), Fez also scared me to hell. Dude, do not open your eyes. But for the first five seasons or even the best comedy ever released.
