Before seeing this, I was just waiting for another mediocre soft copy of the Emmanuelle series, which plays Sylvia Kristel's lead role. It was amazing how good this truth was. In fact there is a story, and it's very romantic. "Yellow Emanuele" is good, it's a leading heroine, beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays with her character, Emy Wong, because her dreams come around just when the viewer just has to feel something. Emy Wong is a very respected doctor, figurine, a celebratory quality. Ancient customs comes from an important old family that still exists. Emy will remain a virgin until he is married, to a man she has never met. A beautiful doctor looks good with this organized marriage. It's just how it is done in the world. However, he does not plan to meet with an English pilot who cares for his care and planning a lover in his hospitals. Emy decides to do something special and gives himself to his western man. But after a very long conversation, Dr. Wong is not an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a good man, and promises to marry Emy, so she does not respect her place in the harsh society. Why a third party, an Ilona Staller, counts a relationship through a series of bad games. Emy believes that she is abandoned by her, just played with her to sleep with her. His place in the society was gone, he was destroyed. This proud, delicate woman, along with giving her a career, is drawn to a striking dramatic and surprising turn, with a sweet relationship with her caring father and accusing her of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised that I found myself in this tragic tale with this operation. After returning to the city of George, I was on the edge of my chair and without knowing it, a beautiful Emy goes to a hotel that works as a prostitute! Classical drama. Many viewers are somewhat frustrated with this drama. Here you can expect a lot of sex and nudity, but there is not much. And then, it's completely non-exploitative and very sensitive and soft-nucleus. If you're the first Emmanuellein admirer with Sylvia Kristel, you'll appreciate the more classic you know. Especially I have paid attention to extra attention. Emy George is truly beautiful on the island with all the segments to his father's home. His father, George, and his followers show an impressive collection of Bonzai trees. There is a miniature forest built of these beautiful trees. Completely unexpected. After spending last night's cable television, I spent a lot of time trying to find a copy of the movie on the internet. When I finally got there, I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. There is something to come face-to-face with the deadly illness, which is suddenly unknown for the release of the DVD. I really have chosen the cable version better. I am glad that this rare ship was finally released to DVD. I would also like to note more than 70 sound and beautiful cinematography. While watching, you get the feeling that you are watching something very rare and very special. I advise thoughtful viewers who do not need sex or violence to keep their interests.
