In a future society, there is no need to hire a military unit; more precisely, their candidates are chosen from birth, are expelled from the kindergarten and are appointed to serve all their lives in the government's service. They are given protection to the body, body and soul except for the protection and maintenance of any reason; There is no identity and no autonomy except the title and rank. This is the fate of Paul Anderson and the fate of those who put their destiny in the "Soldier" newspaper by Kurt Russell. The scenario is as complicated and terrible as the beginning of the film, starting with early childhood, reflecting the training of minors. Russell Sergeant Todd is the best of the best, and after campaign, we see his career as an exemplary career; he was born to become a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and Todd and the elders are no longer elite. New generation of soldiers, advanced genetics and technology products, and Todd's generation are outdated. The story of a man struggling for his life while struggling to find out the human life and the feelings of humanity is as follows: fear and discipline are new to a soldier who knows only two things. Russell is ordering Todd, all of the above-mentioned soldiers and individual thoughts should not obey the commands while pushing. There are a few lines in this movie, but Russell talks to skins with his eyes. This role is, in fact, one of the most appreciated actors of our time; Todd's character could be completely eliminated, he had a credit for his ability, and created the same with any of the previous ones. He gave Todd a lesser degree of depth and reliability that someone could easily claim to be nothing more than an ambitious and superficial stereotype. Outstanding speeches are made by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Rounding out the supported player, the memorable Jason Scott Lee, as Caine 607, a new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson delivered a message with a backdrop of action film that exceeded the genre of science-fiction. "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of protecting the integrity of our lives. This is a fun way to look at alternatives like a clever future and a world that thinks our good movies will not make a difference. Many movies like "1984" and "Mad Max" are, in the end, a movie that is about to take a break and start thinking about the universe we need to live together and share. I appreciate it 7/10.
