Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to be born into the world of creation and causes the shift. A sad world pulled a sad little boy in the middle of an area just like the residents of an old dwelling house. Marc (Anna is home to anybody who does not resemble anybody who is not home), as well as the residents of this empty place. Anna begins to visit the boy and her family more frequently, helping to save her child, but her fever complicates her waking up every time and does not kill her, but she can trap her. <br /> <br /> Here is what Bernard Gul's weird scales and is a good word to summarize the poetic paper summary. It's a simple movie, it's impossible to damn, it's impossible to explain and forget. You can find this puppy in your horror section, but there is one thing. This is a more serious fantasy, well-directed and especially drawn by Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet we are not the children's movie, but we remember only the old days, which are only dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody ambiance that creates a thrilling groundbreaking story and great actors playing. Paperhouse remains far from trying to explain more imaginative features and leaves most of the viewers' dreams come true. There is so much symbolism and uncertainty to immerse your teeth. Paperhouse plays with the audience's thoughts and experiences a very thoughtful thought. <br /> <br /> Again, as the life started, I smiled at the face of the film and again regretted how strong my eyes could have been in the tears. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's images are bright here. It is able to create a more attractive atmosphere that is simple on the surface, usually more than the amount of its shares. The player, in his young Charlotte Burke, is a really striking debut. Unfortunately, since today, the screen has not been moved. The very worthwhile Burnout Central award is just right for this performance. Until the end of the film, the film is a little bit easy, but we can easily see it. They took a darker shift to create a more powerful final that could prove to be more sad and really riveting in the retrospective. Like a movie, it is still one of the books and can be seen by any serious film lover. A poetic journey with a child's innocent eyes, a strong film, remains a very unexpected and much more praise.
