Emilio Miragli's first Giallo feature, The Night Evelyn's grave, a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this is a second movie! Although Miraglia does not lose the gothic horror style of the previous movie, such a taste, this time there is more than the Giallo side of the equality. Miraglia draws more attention to the elegant details around this time, and is typically Giallo labyrinth, where symbols and red breads are thrown everywhere for a few minutes. However, although it is a bonus for the movie, it can sometimes be a little too complicated; It is always enough to keep the audience's interests and Miragly's story has improved since the previous movie. The area opens with a scene that the two daughters are seeing two young girls fighting before explaining the legend behind a pretty painting in their castle. The legend turns around a woman named Legend, "Red Guy", who has been returning from her grave for nearly a hundred years and has lost seven lives. A few years later, crimes begin to start ... <br /> <br /> He created only two Giallo, though Miragli has his own trials. Color is red, as is the case with both films; and "Evelyn." She loves the castles, the Gothic atmosphere and the stylish murders - it's great for me! Miraglia can not have any Argento when it comes to bloodshed, but she knows how to film the top offense; and here's a death on a rail fence, which delights with a Volkswagen Beetle and has one of my favorite Giallo death scenes. The female side of the loaf started with the lovely eyes of ladies who were not afraid to strike their beautiful clothes with stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti! Bruno Nicolai's control was evident and did not come across most of the psychedelic rock part of the night, but he left the tomb in the house; well suited for the film. Despite the fact that the last Miraglia has won the Gothic atmosphere, it runs a little furtively, and although the identity of the murderer seems to be very clear. But even so, I would highly recommend this charming Giallo and fans of the genre!
