Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town and looks for his wife and daughter abroad, finds her, and the chance of any deal is very subtle. Here, the sheriff and the important townspeople are learning Tollinger's reputation as a pistol specialist city. <br /> <br /> According to one of the students, they will hold a meeting to persuade Tollinger to torture members living in fear of a mysterious landowner who has completed a portion of this city. <br /> <br /> The sun seems to have been forgotten or too many, and when writing to me, more than 200 voices and a user written for it wrote 9 comments. Both accounts are a shame, because production prices have said that this B movie is West, though this is a beautiful entry into the West. The pictures of a dark city that has turned into a dark angel turned out to be the subject of many standard themes, probably because the film had no benefit for many years, and that I was reading it, and that's how it was on the same themed line. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is a leader like Tollinger, perfectly captures, acts as if drawing. Someone's danger. We often talk about the existence of John Wayne and Charlton Hester (of course), Mitchum has the best of them there. A sequence of people sees the feet in the shadows behind a room where a meeting takes place, and we do not see his face, but we can feel the groom's look at us! Mitchum's shadow also has a lot to do, so the truth is that the movies with high credibility are great, and maybe it is wrong to refute Ted de Corsia for a single shot, but a minor mistake with Man, that Corsius is in no danger of ignorance. Alex North's score is perfectly deserved (Spartacus fan, of course, spits his ears) and Lee Garmes's cinematography is very impressive when he sees the majority of this picture shot into the studio. Directed by Richard Wilson for the first time and writing together, Gun and Man keep a few surprises for the genre, but it's dark in tones, fierce and, above all, beautiful. 7.5 / 10
