No, this is not the sequel to the incredible OVA series, but rather the rebuilding of events that occurred after Ghim's death (and Woodchuck's loss). The novels that inspire this beautiful series are more accurate, which is the reintroduction of characters (ie Orson and Shiris), and why this story may be slightly different from those applied to OVA. (The booklet on the set, like various online sites, answers these questions perfectly.) The first eight episodes of this 27-series TV series focus on the battle of Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to the wrong ideas of the Ragtag team as they try to stop us after destroying a blue-haired wandabe wannabe and wardrobe Wagnerni Kardis, who identified us with Parn. <br /> <br /> This is not the original LODOSS WAR (we love the finale we saved from Parn Widdard to Deedlit, is not it?), this television footage is still a great fun for fantasy fans. Although animation is limited (and one step from the first LODOSS art line), this 27-part series has appeal elements. <br /> <br /> LODOSS's OVA dubbing story, a magical, romantic and perfect soundtrack from NINJA SCROLL, by Kaoru Wada, totally distinguishes characters, all directly directs this unequal spin-off. <br /> <br /> I was criticized for some reason, I generally liked it and still think of me as my favorite dubs. In 1999-2000, I was hoping for a double dance for CHRONICLES. LODOSS TV for English language tracks (not perfect) is very good; But there is a problem. Most of the original pen that is included in the LODOSS reverberation (including Lisa Ortiz de Deedlit) from English voices is a great bonus. On the other hand, Parn, Billy Regan, is a little bit better. He did not do a bad job, but his voice seemed to be a grating of the first eight episodes (to instantly turn some anti-dub fans into action), but when Spark and the company went on the stage, I was less worried about it. (I do not know because he has improved or just grows up on me). And everyone from the media is back. Jayce just sounds for an episode of Wagnard (terrifically) Reeves; Pete Zarustica is replaced by the whole show, giving her a whimper, but still a kind of ill-intentioned (as well as anticipated bad laughter). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is very tired and has five or more episodes to find her. Oliver Gregory, especially during the final dramatic scenes, is most effective as Orson. <br /> <br /> The best voices of Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slay), Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack, ), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (including the sounds of Pirotess voices in the media), along with the sensitivity and indestructibility of Ryna, and especially Angora Deb (holding every stage as half elf leaves). The remainder of the rash does not terrify by any means, but is somewhat inadequate. Some are good (Aldonova, Greevus), others are sensitive (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) And many were terrific (especially for Prince Reona's VA, monotonous for harsh and fair fighters). In fact, the lack of continuity of the work (some shooting members are getting some new sounds for some unexplained reasons when we are part of some of the next episodes). Others include less memorable and more sensitive dialogs, unequal synchronization, and finally LODOSS SEARCH Segments (we apologize for the fans earlier). This unusual, super-deformed intervention at the end of each episode will entertain you or accelerate you. I admit that first of all they felt a great deal of difficulty, but after some time they grew up on me. (Along with this, there are some showstappingly cheerful lines like "I'm King Kashue and this is my really a very bizarre nut!") These drawbacks are just below the dot for CHRONICLES only a single OVA <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> If the music trail in Japan is a choice you prefer, what do you see best? The Japanese version also has good and bad points. Although some sounds are less than English, I find that others are less attractive than the English equivalent (especially the actress Deedlit, Lisa Ortiz and Yumi Tohma). Moreover, I should note that the Japanese cast is not the same as OVA. Since the series was created seven years after the original, all cast members (Sho Hayami) were replaced with new ones. Although they have done a respectful job, there may be a great deal of difficulty for the Japanese OVA form. In Japan shows that everything is not good in English, eh? Despite the flaws, HEROIK KNIGHT's Chronics are still a great team deserving to retain their ground. He has not lived up to his predecessor without his rough spots, but there are enough good points to experience bad, which is an unpleasant fantasy Anime.
