From the point of view of art, the 1970s was a very difficult period. In literature and visual arts, this is a restoration of a fifty and a half-century creative period. In music, corporate rock and disco, many viewed a low point. Mary Tyler from Odd Couple * A * A * S * Ha The Golden Age for Comedy in all situations in the family, but in the film was a more creative period in all genres, such as America's auteur, such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese, has seen the growth of its director's ashes from the old studio systems that dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These managers wanted to create literary, artistic films for the masses in Europe after the Second World War. Studios have been trying to move rapidly along with socio-philosophical films that have not been seen since the 1930s. However, unlike movies of the 1930s, Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield performed late in the late 1960s and 1970s as they were able to achieve social issues in a very flawed or healthy way. In the early part of the year, public consciousness itself had shown itself in science fiction films and allowed Hollywood to broadcast to the Left Wing under the name of what was felt above comic poems. There was an example for this approach, part of the flying engagement films of the 1950s was dealing with the political zeitgeist of the McCarthy era, especially the Earth, and the occupation of the body-driver. At the beginning of the 1960s, Roland Serling, transforming public issues into science fictional settings in the film The Twilight Zone, a classic fictional television anthology, proves political conservatism of time. Among the studio proposals of this time were ecologically sensitive Silent Running; THX 1138 film, George Lucas's consumerism, band thinking and existentialism; and against the rights of individuals with communism and state control Logan Run. Some of the film's references are quite heavy - the Arab oil crisis and rapidly growing inflation in that period. Several wound strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent is given the new Soylent Green, a different kind of colored foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the well-known "best submarine growth", compared to time-consuming gas. Nutrition images reflect the flood of devastating rainfall in many gas stations throughout the year. As you get up, the scenes, the bodies of the living and the dead are still cold and reputed. A subsequent film like Escape from New York is an open-ended child. Most of the writings by Stanley R. Greenberg are a sufficient standard for pistol and dystopian flick, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline's stuff fill up with interesting pictures and sounds. The use of gentle, indifferent visuals, filthy filters, adds Stygian's feelings to New York, almost the colorized version of Carl Theodore Dreyer's Vampyr. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources and it was not for the movie's inaccuracies that the movie was actually wrong. <br /> <br /> Thorn in the film, human bodies at the workplace are included in the Soylent Green wafers, but also the cold and unusual drama. In the end, Soylent minions Thorn hunt down, but he survives long enough to tell the catchphrase of the movie for head Hatcher. However, he does not know if it's enough or not, Hatcher has already agreed, and has a good track record. However, this fact and its uncertainty show that the film does not duplicate the dilemma of the characters and then has a deeper film, science or philosophy. Soylent Green is still a worthwhile movie.
