Documentation Documentation. Keep Your Tea Right: It's a great way to describe the Modern Yamyam Tale. This film is followed by anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who went to places where he spent time as a participant field researcher in West Papua in the 1970s and then in Peru. Tobias is a full-fledged character: a ship's Jewish artist anthropologist teaches about the cultures that come with cruise boat tourists to deep respect and understanding. He is also author of several books that document his time with both the Western Papua and the Kannibalist Amazon Tobias in Peru, as well as the extent to which these events took place, and how intimate they were in his relationships and relationships. Whereas Tobias is always in a state of surprise and deserved praise and is a true pleasure to follow. <br /> <br /> Tobias, the experience he had experienced in dwelling in these two tribal societies, had changed dramatically because he hoped to convey this humbleness. <br /> <br /> Tobias, This film is a concept of morality and "nature" - for example, nudity, homosexuality, embracing. (See the graphical circumcision scene). When asked why he was involved in some local practices that others would be morally wrong, he asked for his non-condemned nature: "Why not?" Who is right or wrong to say the way of other cultures? This small bedroom should look at those who are interested in not only the National Geographic, but also the documentary art. This movie shows what can be done with video shooting. The initiative is an unmistakable manifestation of Tobias's life. Sometimes the film creates a shooting group, especially when it comes to age and physical weakness, to avoid emotional jogging. We can be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to be transformed, and perhaps because he sincerely touches on humanity and the place in the world. Cinematographers present some moments of critical balance, which Tobias presents as an anthropologist who believes that he / she guides these ideas (from homosexuality) to personal interests. He said you would not be able to take a shock and take a moment to shout this man's house. Moving on the Queen of the Sea is the best tea ride I've ever seen.
