1973 Doctor of Philosophy SOYLENT GREEK world we see when we are not careful. New York City's population is 40 million marks in 2022. In general, population, air pollution, heat waves and food shortages remain a rule. Only hope comes from a food product named Soylent Green. But what are these specific nutritional products really? This question was asked by Harry Harrison in 1966, "Room Room! Room Room!" It is in the heart of a somewhat dated but still interesting film based on his novel. Charlton Heston, a NYPD detective facing the murder of a senior corporate officer (Joseph Cotten), like Thorne. Apparently, Cotten was in the board of the Soylent Corporation, responsible for all the food ingredients that people should consume instead of the real thing. Heston thinks that this is not merely a murder of a garden but Cotten bent for some reason. Its a bit lying, but very elegant "book" (Edward G. Robinson, his 101st and latest cinematic view) helps a lot and recalled in a timely manner in the world. Robinson is shocked by all the imaginations about Soylent Green; but hetotated himself before telling Hestone everything he knew. And Heston really find the secret of Soylent Green ... well, this part has become immortalized to the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Director Richard Fleischer (BOSTON STRANGLER, FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN, is a terrifying, but thought-provoking look for a possible Dystopian future of humanity if we do not restrict the tendency to weaken our planet's natural resources. In fact, Hesto himself was a project he shot after his hit with the APES PLANET in the genre of science that he discovered since 1968 - a fact he lost when he was ultra conservative. Political philosophy came to talk (after all, SOYLENT GREAT for insufficient capitalism a strike). Robinson, as always, is a professional associated with his last role; (who, when viewing a video from a better era, when Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg were assigned to the music), is euthanized, and is simply a heartfelt one. The film also benefits from supporting Chuck Connors (very convincing), Brock Peters (like Heston's advantage) and Leigh Taylor-Young, who wants to help Heston. <br /> <br> It's easy to disassociate SOYLENT GREEN because the day is green. But those who do this have to think twice; The world of this movie, if we do not look at what we are doing today, can start to turn into our own.
