The "God of Paradise" is the best example of "popular women's literature", the twentieth-century style of the unifying, erotic and exotic interpretations combines all the power with fake mysticism-stimulating propensity and the sado-masochistic bite of the Catholic sin. . As Jane Eyre could not be as happy as he burned around the castle, and her lover was constantly silenced for her sins, or Rebecca's protagonist could not verify her husband's marriage to her husband until her husband had been married (and burned her fortress around him) or the poor Psyche will not be able to leave alone alone and have to quash Cupid of all kinds, the Domini, a religious Catholic hero of this picnic part, can only find the true sex reality by the marriage of a man who has abandoned sacred religious rites. Like all similar events that stimulate the reader and cause the steam, it is based on the most ancient tricks of this book: the main misunderstandings and feelings can not be conveyed to the right place and often at the right time. Logic can be indulged when the last sex ecstasy is ready to pay enough for it to pay for the last move. Paul Claudel's beauty salon magazine's standards. It would be good ... It could have been very bad and often ... <br /> <br /> Without religion, the film's structure is the main porno crazy: Avoiding escaped Oversexed monks before romantic, transparent, but with a catholic astonishment, he spent all his passion in the desert where the world was a few cylinders, to clear his confusion. I really agree with another commentator, Anatole, in comparison with the French "Thais", which intends to adopt the Catholic sexual repression concept, some of them transpired in the same opera Massenet opera, but the commercial eroticism is interesting. This picture, which is rare in his paintings, is, of course, a great constellation of talent gathered under a banner to create a sparkling, vibrant life of this cinematic dream. Michael Powell is committed to performing "composition film" Max Steiner is a music giver, worthy character actors (including a cute dog), a truck load, infinite Technicolor photography that will move us all from 1927 always silent, they always hear from them repeatedly, but always with beautiful symphonic, operative exoticism, from the atmosphere as a ghost without any object of material considerations, the symbol travels from one place like a magician, the dialogue is simple, indefinite and thoughtful, art direction close to the sky, flower arrangements appear in the humblest cabin or tent, the hero's wardrobe is inexhaustible, and all men's symbols are aristocrats, saints, condemned but delusional sinners mystic or poets. <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The presentation of this film's MGM DVD is bare bones, but it is flawless. <br /> <br /> <strong > theme: Inspired by the "God of Paradise", the following year (1937), directed by Carnet de Balé, Julien Duvivier, here is a very unusual heroine (an unbearable husband, some exotic, romantic Alpine pond villa, In the first dance book, the dancers are looking for dancers, and all of them are found on time, but their feelings at some point between them have been misinterpreted, highly esteemed, or have led to lifelong disasters. it was a cunning way of saying that we should avoid idealistic concepts and that everything should grow rapidly.
