I discovered this movie after reading the inspirational book. This is not entirely biographical; Facts are based on "concessional". But I've seen her as an evil and crazy looking and seductive research, and Michel Serrault delivers an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this movie; Petiot travels throughout the night as a vampire, his black backpack is almost an icon. <br /> <br /> Petiot's crooked silhouette made the stairs from the molds waiting for the victims to drift, reminding me of some scenes from Nosferatu. <br /> <br /> The main purpose of this film is to be loud. The soundtrack is accompanied by silent crying, starting with the sounds that did not open, starting with advanced music of beginner credits. Petiot lives and works in a complex with a very small shop and plays a steady noisy noise as well as a wheel on the blades. There are also noises of animals - a concierge keeps a goat, and invisible cats are thirsty - and then we see a headless cattle that does not spread in the movie. <br /> <br /> The Gestapo victims are heard by Petiot's cries of the patients in the waiting room by an ear device, not only animals, but also human voices. After the war, the same cells are controlled in the same way as suspect employees. Even the actions of the film are often organized so that we can not hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when we see Petiot Mme Ker, we hear his work and his voice reflecting in the theater. . Apparently he is often taken out of the back, and his voice sounds to his husbands. Outstanding sounds are heard in big halls, and their owners are photographed at a distance when they are seen, so we really do not see the conversation. But Petiot itself is often just one voice; It is in the form of a soul and it is the voices of the spirits. his horrific hero does not appear to be back in the camera, behind him, or to comment on anyone in the air. In a way, he is a soul, like those who kill. He is always confused and does not hesitate to assign his appointment. But his activity is a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. Interestingly, only Petiot was afraid of all the fears and dangers of the occupied Paris; he is excited, enthusiastic, angry, angry, disrespectful, but never afraid, he delights in the death of the real people. Not surprising, including the inventions of the machine, including the infinite motion machine (the true details of the book - he claimed to invent many machines); it is always the essence of a moving machine. And the movie theater continues to play music before killing Victrola, the giant tire in the movie house, Petiot's bicycle (with trail tires reflecting the sounds of knives). Everyone who survives is mechanic - write a note to my spouse, it's important that I hide you before you leave - Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a good oil machine, always the same, the article is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the writer, said that she had to improve the surface of her murders that she was gang-raping against Petiot in her trial. His system was smooth and efficient as a Nazi concert camp, and therefore the film is part of Petio's relationship with France's Gestapo and occupation Nazis. Unfortunately, it does not work as part of the story because it's hard to figure out what happens when Petiot is doing for his employees or at the end of the mid-night. Dismantling bodies? Hiding goods stolen? It's hard to say and it's hard to believe; the state will not apply to a freelance photographer such as Petiot. <br /> <br /> But this is reminiscent of the duality of bad people; Petiot is a robber and a murderer, but he is also a faithful father and husband. As we know that Hitler loves dogs and that those who are guilty of the worst war crimes can also be the lover of the father and the family, we must know that Petiot can cause unspeakable horrors and work normally. His madness is easily camouflaged with the horror and horror of the war in Paris; No one cares about what happened around killing, robbing and disappearing, because there are more corpses on Petiot's pile.
