I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I just liked it, not for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary film about Tibetan youths who want to go to one of Everest's sister's peaks. Now something like this usually runs off. Inspiration. Moving. Pretty standard, right? And even if the movie was just, I still liked it. But it was much more. He also built a school for blind children in Tibet in Sabrina Tenberken, Germany. It sees blindness as a curse, as evidence that a person has done evil in the previous life. Many of the children in school have lost their lives and are best placed in their families. As part of education, Tenberken shared the story of the first American, Eric Weihenmayer, the first man to reach Mount Everest. She sends her a letter and invites her to visit her. Instead, a plan emerges. We will arrange an expedition to climb 23,000 feet Lhakpa Ri and give them all the guides and equipment. <br /> <br /> Erikin's team mainly consists of American, mostly men, and often landscapes. As experienced climbers, they are Tip-A personalities, very clever and target oriented. Sabrina is European, female and cordurous, and even more well-meaning to her students than a "project." In addition, students are Tibetans and are not sufficiently old enough to be able to stand up for themselves. After the expedition begins, they are walking between the "sides" of the two dimensions, and they want to be happy, and also want to gain the certainty of success. As an additional obstacle (as well as blind), English speaks the second or most often as a third language and fights for understanding and understanding. <br /> <br /> When returning, none of the students began to disclose their original plan to reach Erikin's peak, with no climbing experience and some more co-ordinated than others. When both student and teacher are exposed to high altitudes, decisions must be made to continue or downhill. The effects of high altitude increase irritation, and you can see how it nourishes the conflict between adults. Under the risk of excessive sensitivity, those who have all the assignments on the one hand and the other want to enjoy the road. <br /> <br /> This is nothing more than just saying that this movie is one of the most surprising and thought-provoking stories I have ever seen. he wrote the story of every mountaineer, and it was incredible that he had a tendency to drop the heads of the children down and close their mouths. It's not surprising with all the dramas going around them. Open scenes are a charming and heartfelt turn, and I find it very strange that at the top of the film I approached tears, and eventually it was more. It was contrary to my expectations and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> Along with the whole human drama, director Walker and his small team have been forced to fight cold and oxygen deprivation, hoping that the lugging mountains will collapse and fall apart. As with all the great documents, the director has been lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time (enough clever or well-prepared) and he has written a very special story about those who are very eager. make sure that children are "the best thing for children" about themselves.
