Giorgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) and Guti Grieve (1969) were shot on the basis of the novel, a quintessential Georgian film by French writer Claude Tyllier (1801-1844). 18th Century France of the novel "Mon oncle Benjamin". The Great French Revolution is still ahead, but there are some stormy signs in the community. Benjamin, a local physician's local physician, is a well-educated, friendly, democratic person who frequently goes to vulnerable people. It is very popular with the local people, but of course, does not help its bank account. She is also fond of Manet, full of her, but she is closely watched by a father who calls her daughter "little investment" and is committed to protecting her virginity since the marriage contract is signed ... I have never read my book and I call it a very attractive French novel, I was amazed at the results of the 19th century from the beginning of the 20th century to the beginning of the Georgian-Grusian symbols and some of the plot elements. I thought that Danelia has all the colorful memorable characters of her native Georgia-Grusia, long and beautiful traditions, including wine making and drinking, and all the countries with a unique musical talent, Gourcius, a very memorable humor and a great honor code. When we watched the film last night, he said that he was a good example of an art movie, and I agree with him. Qrieve is not a gorgeous, profound, but funny, perfect, artistic film that is sad and philosophic, sometimes sad and philosophical, but not embarrassed, not optimistic, but optimistic, with all its beauty and sadness, its a little eccentric, but very human. The most important thing is that the film does not look like somebody like the warm and gentle Artwork. After a trip to Danelia, Georgia's roads and mountains, with a beautiful hearted young doctor Benjamin (first artist, well-known singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze and Danelia film) to love, to live with, smile and hurt you, with Mimino, he would go to the two movies that included one of my friends at the time. Otherwise, when friends come together to celebrate the life of the old doctor, who wants to be guests in the place where they come together, the friends who want to be after a guest must announce what he is talking about when he dies, still chooses a color that is still livelier and coffin. When I watched the film, I thought Federico Fellini was a favorite movie. I'm not surprised to find the article about Danelia. Fellini was named his number one director. I also did not like Grieve when I was highly appreciated by Danelia, the famous Soviet filmmakers Leonid Gaiday (the creator of very fond comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (I have not seen any other Danelia movie, the fairy tale about the American boy Huck Finn, the Soviet propashchiy). I dare to go a little further, and imagine that some of Maestro Fellini's views of Amrarcord in 1973 are very aura and "Do not Grieve". It's just an idea, because both films. Both craftsmen came to their roots, places they loved, where they remembered, loved and honored. Both films have many smiles in their tears. Art films, both coming directly into the hearts of viewers. <br /> <br /> I will add Georgi Danelian to my favorite directors list. Some of my most dramatic drama genres, even funny and bitter, have made some brilliant pictures of the tragicomedies of the sweet, striking and gentle, secular and revitalizing, gentle and bright. When I looked at the list of films I wrote / directed, I was surprised to see that in 1960, when a young guy started with Seryoza's award-winning story, he did not take a bad film. Many of the Danelia movies are among my favorites, but I'm sure they are among the legends of their fans. Mark Twain's adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) on the streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969), a universe adaptation, Seryozha, Sovet propashchiy (1972), Afino (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marathon (1979) is a great theme for this movie, and later, for Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, Kin Kin Daza (1986) for all genre Danelia invented, true love for the unforgettable moments of bright and kinematic happiness and deserves the true gratitude.
