It's a film that's so far away from me, but it's emerging as one of the main entries in my Noir style that I'm watching right now. As usual, with the DivX format, was the view ideal? casual videos and (mainly) audio tones? given that the movie is still not on the R1 DVD, it is necessary to do so at this moment. The popularity of the film is so great in the genre itself that the reason behind this surveillance is because it is not a leading actor. <br /> Anyway, the nominal star of the film? Franchot Tone ?? a very different trash pack (especially as shown in the first place)! Was the actor playing a little role in the tone? rarely have been given meaty roles and this can do her best (making her paranoid a hazardous, as well as believing as a believer). Female device ?? Then Ella Raines, who also played a role in the struggle against Siodmak's "THE SUSPECT" (1944) and UNCLE HARRY (1945), along with BRUTE FORCE (1947) in a pretty sweet and courageous way, the secretary of her lover (Alan Baxter) hinders the proof that the mischievous murder of her husband is innocent. Other major supporting parts were first initiated by Thomas Gomez, but ultimately built by a sympathetic police investigator and Elisha Cook Jr. quintessential autumn boy of genre? <br /> <br /> Like BRUTE FORCE, Jules Dassin, at this point in his Siodmak career, he was in noir roll and this movie is definitely a great advantage? ? all entertaining angles and terrifying kits, including the fact that Cook keeps a record of the jazz sequence that is commonly referred to, the actress who draws her attention in his supplements, and eventually manages to control his lover who resigns in the investigation). Another great long-term sequel is something that Raines is following on the streets of New York with a bartender (witnesses other than collaborating)? causing a car to collapse! <br /> <br /> Caution, is the trial sequence? Judge, jury, witness, and D.A., who are fully described through the reaction of the audience. in fact they will not be able to see (the judge's voice is a well-known hero character Samuel S. Hinds). The main purpose of the film is the scene where Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminals. The inspector writes in the beginning as a "foolishness" that gives the start of a "restraint". Discounted rise finds only Raines with Tone in the apartment which proves her guilty? <br /> <br /> Baxter acknowledges that he is in touch with his wife, but killed her when she did not leave her alone for her husband. </ p> <p style = "text-align: justify" The story was clearly set out in 1943, when I saw a taxi driver during the film's start, Alan Curtis chases the lady's theater? New York's shooting (scene scenes Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical comedy, a marquee that recognizes the SWISS MISS! By the way, well-known mystery writer Cornell Vulrik wrote his work based on a pseudonym.
