Alan Curtis has a drinking night with a mysterious lady with a big hat at the bar (with a nice tortured section for change, driven by Andrew Tombes), his wife was dead and Thomas The police headed by Gomez are waiting for him. Her attempts to prove her master was that he was with the mysterious lady, because everyone who can think (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that such a man never existed. His secretary (who loves him secretly) Ellen Raines believes in him, though he ends with no one. After conviction, the convict awaiting the death sentence. The rains begin to emerge after the truth and find Gomez's doubts. He seemed to be a friend called Curtis, Franchot Tone, the guilty night of the city, leaving the city. Would not Curtis clean up over time? PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (writer of the great noyle of Cornell Woolrich). The film's fans can not accept the truth from any other earth because they know of Woolrich's other works (LEOPARD MAN, A MINISTRY OF THE DAY, EMERGENCY PENSION, USE OF THE DAY). If a merchant's missing spouse would actually have his jewelry, he could not actually come up with the messages he sent. Mentalist really can predict the tragedy - or his former partner, now the oil millionaire? A leopard killed young women, or is a fratricide in the city really hiding a sinful knowledge? A young woman who claimed to be a wife's brother killed in a train crash is really a deception? Here, they try to prove that Raines and Gomez (assisted by Tone) are. Curtis saw a woman seeing no one would see - if he had seen him, why did not anyone forget him? The problem of story is really Curtis's personality - it is easily given when he is guilty of a crime he did not commit. In fact, everyone who is innocent is calling it from that moment. However, in the protection of Curtis's dissolution, it also applies to others in different films: Gary Cooper, MR. DEEDS TOWN TOWN, Douglas Dumbrille and his minions do not defend himself for the first time as shadow and madness, so people who depend on his help are upset to hear their fears in the courtroom and feel reluctant to regain their sense of responsibility. But Curtis seems to just give up. <br /> <br /> Under normal circumstances where Curtis does not resign, Raines, Gomez and everyone will have no interest. But the film continues to weaken. Slowly opening the lie of the bribe-takers by the genuine killer, giving the jazz session two sets of Tomb and Raines at the top-level platform outside and in Elisha Cook. It's even more strange that Gomez is waiting for the alien's re-examination. And the villain keeps a bit ahead of Raines and Gomez, until the film's final protocols. If this is not a big movie like Dual Defense or Postman Tips or TWO MALTESAL FALCONS, this keeps Curtis and Raines very good at the end.
