I am not a follower of a particular genre. I only classify movies as industrial and non-industrial. Valentine is the second commercial film by Jamie Blanks, after the city's legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the scenario and the story line are very weak. Unlike City Legends, the main elements of the film are very striking and symbolic and make Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first major and symbolic element, the increasing hatred of a serial killer is so low-to-do. From the middle school year, he grew up with the wounds he had accumulated in his spirit against his classmates who were entertaining. While watching the film, you will come to see this point of humanism while paying attention to this first element: "No one is absolutely good or bad, and someone who is really known as a bad man can be secretive good." Since the story line and direction are very weak, we are not satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second remarkable element is, of course, the magnificent unity of the superstar of the late 90s: My sweetheart is Jessica Cauffiel, who was killed on the highest quality killed. A bullet shot from a summer stroke and stays in the abdomen, hiding the history of the blind and searching and never can. Katherine Heigl is the first star to be killed in a biological laboratory while trying to hide under human body patterns on surgery touches. When Denise Richards was killed in a third place, he found a Valentine's Day gift in a jacuzzi bath. Jessica Capshaw was recently murdered in a secret and invisible way, and then he was removed as a serial killer. Marley Shelton is a ruthless man, who is the scourge of wealth that will never kill us in the most secret way we can never. Because the movie ends without a murder. <br /> <br /> The third and last symbolic element is the voice of the blind on the maze, Valentine's Day and Valentine's Day, day-by-day celebrations at Dorothy's home stages, and ultimately killing topics. Everyone loved the soundtrack as much as i know. Hard Rock is no better than a serial killer-mystery movie.
