I will not try to speculate like Brandon's attempt. And the best thing is that he looks like a strange performance, which suddenly makes a lot of things. As it is often seen, everyone focuses on some of the great features of his character and, if it is a follow-up, turns into a red sweater that looks more attractive than it originally appeared. It is a art of craftsmanship, not a nature that can be related to this method. The role of Sky Masterson in a magnificent way like Mankiewicz seems to be adapted to him, because it starts from one to the other, because Brando has managed all his grace, but nevertheless comes from an actor with musical talent associated with a single musical comedy. Jan Simmons is also strangely attractive, but not really impressive, but in the Havana sequence, it's really worthwhile, really enjoyable and not a pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> Perhaps, the actors are concentrating on what they are doing, and, as the engagement signals, beloved chemists have repeatedly rebuked. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah are nourishing each other properly, but I do not see much more than one. In a film this bright, bright and entertaining (and most of all, it's a clever, handsome, obvious thing), it seems that this deficiency is an efficient way to look and be easily ignored, but many will depend on the true chemistry! At least partly, the transformation of symbols through this chemistry would give something of a positive end to the final scene. Firstly, this film really delights, but in fact it has not moved, except for the fact that it denies the truth. Note Sister Sarah marries the missionary's form, not Sky Masterson, but a toy duck, not the same natty man. <br /> <br /> <strong> Sinatra / Nathan Detroit's puppet, Adelaide, Adelaide, Adelaide Although Adelaide is in the dressing room, it's the only scene where these two come together alone. Although there is no place for this, Sky is the kind of "check" Adelaide in such cases. He will tell Adelaide that he will not meet Nathan to prevent him. Adelaide and Sky are both sensitive to their own ways for Nathan, as both have been demonstrated through their mutual interactions. Adelaide is certainly an embarrassment and disappointment, but he is angry with Nathan for a deeper sense, because Sky wishes for a person not to love and then someone else. <br /> <br /> Children and puppets are another turning point in the fight of genres around the subject of heroism and salvation. Both compulsive gamblers and little or no consensus seekers of despair can be a deliberate secret of Brando and Simmons's chemistry deliberate. For all of this, this deficit can reflect many of Nicaragial activities that can explain striking, striking interpretations of the Sky Masterson and Sister by Brando and Simmons (reflected on the synatra / blaine coup, rather, with less self-deception). Sarah. I understand that most of Simmons may encounter cold and suspicion, but Brando, although playing for encounter, is fully heated and reluctant, and keeping his distance is much more - keeps his balance on balance. Her brave play is only with her - a trip to Cuba, a kiss, no matter what - but it is not certain to win through her deceiving her as it really is to beat her on the lawn. This may be weak because it can be the only way to go to missionary. However, it tries to make a bet to make Sky's transition really a bit more convincing to Sarah Brown's wishes. But why does he want it? What does Sky mean to be in love? I have to admit that the only way to live around him is to accept his humanity and see Sarah do not want to end up with a stomach, as he has promised to save the sinners. his way of returning to his prayer meeting when he was seen by his "marker" to win it again to win it again. But it still worries more than anything else. Besides, Sara Brown is concerned about her as she misses the mission in heaven to restore the love of heaven. At least, apart from the perception of one, many things will change. However, it may seem like a pitiful offer: the far-reaching clause that is still far from getting happiness in each other is the fact that both are described as chemistry. Behind all of this, I doubt that Mankiewicz knows exactly. <br /> <br /> In no case, for almost everyone to defend the Guys and Puppets, much of the music is not expected from depth, only Cabaret, Three Panahli opera, Karusel, A Star were born, reminded that even Music That I Do not Like Too (and you can add it to Cabaret without listening to music)), all dresses dance around beautiful music and terrible discomfort.
