Damon is a masterpiece of Frank Loesser, a lively song, talented theme and solid construction by those who fit the "book" of the Runon outfit music. Not surprisingly, the film is about how the numbers of music are squeezed out of the story line. Abe Burrows's book with Loesser's contribution; Michael Kidd was a choreographer and developed by Joseph Wright, an outstanding artistic direction. This story can be explained in two terms. Frank Sinatra's Nathan Detroit, Big Julie, and the Chicago Mob Boss need money to finance the ever-floating shit game. He plays the well-featured odds player Sky Masterson by Marlon Brando; he can not get a daughter of a Liberation Army to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, ends the mission, falls in love with the girl, takes gamblers and curls to join the service, and says everyone is sensitive to the charm of the lady - all lie. Of course, she ends up with a lady; and Detroit vivian Blaine hi long married a brave gunner. Cast Participants Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Brown Hero Army is like Pulley like Big Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney, Veda Ann Borg, and Jean Simmons like Sarah Brau. This award-winning Broadway signal includes popular musical numbers such as "Fugue for Tinhorns", "Kids and Dolls", "Luck is a lady", "I know", "One can grow cold" and "Permnanet floating Crap in New York Game Established Game! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz, "Cleopatra" and "Letter to the Three Families", gave a reputation to the process; The flow of work is very interesting and is moving forward. She is equally capable of gaining a great dialogue with great numbers such as "Luck Be Lady" and at the same time as Havana's "Love Woman" section, created for the film she's previously been, is equally capable of. Blaine's "Kids and Puppets" and "Pet Me, Poppa" sang songs at the club. The player is very uneven. Simmons is sometimes mistaken, Brando takes the song, and is even very good in the comedy, in terms of instinct, charm and fidelity. scenes. Sinatra works a lot, but for a number of reasons, such as Nathan Detroit, the role is wrong; Blaine is, of course, a little more theater when selling his professionally read numbers. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley are doing everything they want and more at every point. Stylized opening and closing are done to work well; all this is a triumph for loessmaster and musical patterns for director Loiser's beloved and delicate lira, for the director Mankiewicz, in which case he was duly respected. Comfortable and very different.
