This music was not a thing of the past, and there were not many stages between Brando and Sinatra. Since it was built on a Damon Runon story, there was a mockery and surprising truth - when we saw that the Sinatra gang used the constellation of the Liberation Army, Brando was with Simmons in Havana. When Brendo brings him back, the textbook comes at the right time. I did not expect much from Brandon as a singer, but I was surprised. He was not the best, but it was good in his role. With a large number of Sinatra's sons in the sewage system, Brando's only voice was weak. He did not just have the power to claim great peak. Generally, I found a scene filled with electric power between Brando and Simmons, and when we first saw Simmons, it was unthinkable, and then we were trying to make a quick trip to Brandon with Brandon. then one. Until the Brandon Office went on, the story did not come to an end. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Frank Sinatra was straightforward, even vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, I've never heard, but just as it played in Broadway, it just slowed down the processes. The scenes between him and Sinatra were clear. And in terms of story or character development, his songs seemed to me the most vulnerable. Moreover, all the Goldwyn Girls numbers were simply shoe-goggles. For example, when Frank, at the nightclub with Brando, talked to the nightclub, we just dropped the scene for a cat number - and then returned the children who did not have any dance floor. When it came to the screen of Brando and Simmons, I had a great time, but when I returned to the story of Sinatra-Blaine, my interest diminished. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good things, especially Stubby Kaye, the first number with Fugue (Can Do!) for the number of Tinhorns. This is a great song and it reminded me of the first songwriter, "The Music Man," called "Cash" regardless of my name. The number of sewerage systems - I could not help, but from the West Side Story reminded me of "Cool" - it brings me to a point. I really did not like the direction of art in this movie. Fake Times Square was so completely fake, drew attention to himself. The same is true for Havana and especially sewage. In 1955, I realized that most musicians were involved in groups, but things have changed - for example, Carousel has made great use of space photography. In 1949, shooting scenes in the city of Mahattan. When it came to the West Side Story in 1961, what happened in Manhattan was really shot in Manhattan. Compare with Manhattan, Guys and Dolls, Manhattan, was dated and a little too cute. And Lindy's changed to Mindy - do they really have to do it for legitimate reasons? Now I would always think that the Guys and Dolls were musical about the adventures of Sinatra and Brando and various girls. More focus was on more focus. From this point of view Les Girls are better, which, in turn, was interesting, but with a certain stiffness. <br /> <br /> I do not know if there is a big complaint about children and puppies, and whether it's endemic to this original show, but when Jan Smith understands Brandon has never pulled out, he or she has lost to Sinatra and even lost his bet, fled and we cut it for the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would be added to the story. It would have been a beautiful scene for Brando to come to him when he came around. The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) has such a scene when Harold and Marion are waiting for the change. She goes upstairs, she is on the sidewalk. Reads 76 Trombones. She reads one of my goodnight readers. Suddenly switch to a beautiful way to read each other's songs and read. Emotional high moment of the film. Nevertheless, Guys and Dolls had a lot to do.
