The first step to getting out of this path that can not lead anywhere is primarily thought to be; then becomes an issue of ambitiousness and takes positive steps to eliminate the negative effects that can lead to the beginning of your life. What is exactly a young Latino girl in Karyn Kusama's writing and directed by 'Girlfight'. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) faces the removal of a 18-year-old High School from Brooklyn projects after the fourth battle in the fourth quarter. He influences his 'whatever' attitude to disguise a deeply rooted anger that threatens to lead to places he does not want to go. He lives with his father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), has a very close relationship with him and his younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). Whistling at the threshold of the abolition of his life, he needs a heartwarming need to be guided by heterosexual heirs. One day she finds her when she's stopped by the gym where she has small squares. Malicious, Tiny has nothing to do with boxing; She wants to go to the art school, but Sandro determines that her son can manage on the streets and pay ten dollars a week for her classes. Diane's Tiny Coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), gives her money for her money and is called weekly compensation (she does not want to know what money wants) Sandro turns him down and comes to earn money. Finally, with the help of Tinyin finds a way and the ring soon turns into a second home. It is an environment that is easily adaptable and wants to make a better transition. And in the 'gender blind' competitions, the fact that women struggles with men is not the least. <br /> <br /> For the first time, writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a terrific job of creating a true story for his story, presenting an honest portrait of life in the projects, and knowing how desperate it is. dead young people who find themselves in the path of dead ends and in no way. And there is no candy coating; Hector Dianaya says when he asked how he came from: "Once I became a warrior, I lost it." Then, looking around the busy gym, "As with most of these children, they will lose. Amma bütün bunlar bilir ... "Və bu, həm də bu filmi olduğu kimi yaxşılaşdırır ki, münasibətlərin dürüstlüyü və simvolların təsvir olunma yolu. Bu, işıqlı, işlədilən idman zalı tərəfindən vurğulanmış, çılpaq bir dünya, boksçuların tərini kifayət qədər qoxuya ala bilərik - bütün bunların üzərinə asılı olan əzab tökülməsi hissi tutan və asılı olan bu insanları yandırmaq <br /> <br /> Öz ekranının başlanğıcı olan Michelle Rodriguez, Diana kimi mükəmməl bir şəkildə döyülüb, onun dərinliyini və onun ədalətlə yayılmasını istəməyən intensivliyini artırır. dalğalarda. O is really surprised to see how much Rodriguez is, the actor runs exactly where the character starts, and the character is working, no matter what, it's a strong, memorable performance by an actor with another great expectation. > Diana, of course, a positive one role models, many hope that they will be inspired and that they have alternative ways of life, at least to those who seek them. <br /> But this movie is an indefinite note linked to something; Although Diana clearly puts her legs on, she has no indication of where she is headed. Is it a short-term fix for him, or will he come to Hector's female colleague? After all, realistically (and realism, depending on the strength of this movie) professional boxing is not a lender that lends itself to, or opens its arms to women. According to the film's theme and the approach of the filmmaker, Diana's ambitious results would be appropriate. <br /> <br /> Supported by Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Çoxları müəyyənləşdirə biləcək çox həyati bir həyat şəklində olsa da, "Girlfight" in müəyyən aspektləri var ki, bu, ringdə baş verən bəzi hadisələrlə bağlı bir az da olsa etibarlıdır. On the one hand, this is a positive film, most of which is a hospitable experience. I appreciate it 7/10. <br /> <br />
