Stage image: a mountainous outlook. Twin moons illuminate the blood red light. Dr. Tardis, a middle-aged man in Victoria's frock dress, and Rose, a friend from the Earth. A famous figure cuts his face. "Yes, I never!" Planet Saurious-7, where I fight with the warrior Kraggart, tried to use the giant "Skinkons" to overthrow the planet. "Go, Doctor, I do not like the look of this place, I think we're being watched." The doctor pushes a finger that's not approved. " Do not be wise, girl, daughter, and Prince of Kordarabia remember me last time, come, Rose, come on! "She runs away, struggles to catch a girl on a hill, horrible red eyes hate them ... <br /> /> Rose did not start in 2005, and I thank the heavens for saying these words: the original English release, 'Rose', is now an important episode, replacing 'Dr.Who', one of the BBC's advanced programs McGann TV's mistakes were well-learned, rather than chronologically "canceled" the new ones, shop girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) represents a new beginning in the series that continued her daily activities, one day she went to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble began. Mannequins comes to life and attacks him. Only a mysterious weird (Christopher Eccleston) with his intervention. <br /> <br /> As long as the starting point of the question is sufficient, the story is just enough. Cars were, of course, an old foreigner (this was the first appearance since 1971), but in their past speeches no reference is made - another clever move. The dummies of the store window effectively shaped the famous scene, from the 'Spearhead From Space' to the finale. Dr. Christopher Eccleston, because of his lack of eccentricity, made it clear that the doctor's traditional dress was a modern leather garment, but that made the show more hopeful to the new audience. Billie Piper mixes his critics with a great impression of "Rose". Yes, special attention was paid to the special effects, but then it was necessary to be there - the magnificent sets of the past and the incredible monsters did not have any place. On the 21st century television. More importantly, this is a good script. <br /> <br /> "Dr.Who" is back and back!
