With a shimmering glimpse of a sunny shade on a quiet Sunday, the sun can feel the gentle breeze that appears in the smiles of people passing through and walking along my feet. Light and love is a perfect day to stop for cruises and cafe-o-lait before heading to town. Of course, this sad movie going to Paris is not fundamentally critical, so I was forced to choose the next best thing by many international directors, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films. Each piece is a different Parisian neighborhood and is reflected in love. Be careful to explain that all human feelings are the most powerful and convincing, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in many stages of its game. The results are a romantic and surprising sequel. And, in fact, you can quickly compare the nature of love and how it can change your life in a better way than a collection of movie moments. <br /> <br /> The above-mentioned poetic quote comes from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses photography and re-use time to show the whole cycle to solve before the formation process. It was originally filmed in 2004 and co-foundered for this anthology, Faubourg, Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress participating in a film in Paris, and a man who likes Melchior Beslon as Thomas. Here, blind blinds are driven by the most unstable area, where two people consume one another at a point where their lives are almost lost. <br /> <br /> As you can see from the start of love, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks and the dreams we can create in our minds when we are guided to our consciousness. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most fierce romantic offer Sylvain Chomet Tour Eiffel. By choosing the city's most recognizable charm, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a small child who tells us the story of their parents and their love. His father, a mim (Paul Putner), falls in love with one another and writes himself into prison. She gets acquainted with the woman who will love her life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become the art of death when it is no longer dead. But with nature, it is sleepless and unbreakable. Miming points to the silence of man's behavior, but can love make people more absurd? <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME always keeps a live stream because it does not focus on love among lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on love between a mother and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES), Catalina Sandino Moreno, read his child before reading the same song with her longing for his son's adoptive son. Nobuhiro Suwa (COUPLE PARFAIT) Juliette Binoche runs hopelessly to overcome the gap she feels after losing her son. Binoche still says very little, surprisingly, as his talent gives her a struggle, sometimes it's clear that she looks on her face as she learns. And Alfonso Cuaron (MEN Kids) should be for the first time for a long time going along with a longtime father (Nick Nolte) and grown-up daughter (Sara Martins). <br /> <br /> We see them just across the street, and we are just getting closer to them. Because the distance between two characters is reduced to comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The latter is the 14th Arrondissement of Alexander Painen. As always, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes a usual person and shows us unusual ones. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She was alone and enjoyed less time because she was home-looking dogs. It is a flat person who has an exciting life in a rich and lush city. Well-qualified American-French language, she feels the sights and feelings of her feelings. This woman spends much time to be happy despite the many disappointments in life, and she realizes that she is really happy and loves her as she lives in a city prepared for beloved ones. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear in Paris, but appear in JE T'AIME, find themselves in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with one another should help one after a difficult fall, or go away without touching any other person, without touching any other person, enjoying his glow and flourishing. Out of the city of Valentine, it may be easy to miss moments, but we have to remind them of their importance. But love instantly takes a moment to shine in a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. If one can be very busy with a city's love, one day you should believe that you can find the way to the door.
