Paris, je t'aime, sad for the city of light and love in a movie character, such a complicated film, summarize and review the running. Ask a large group of people about their impressions in Paris, and in the end, something better than this movie. With every part of the city or Arrondissement, the movie explores all kinds of love, tourists in the Parisian mode, locals and the big city. About five minutes of screen writer and director, Olivier Assayas, the Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among others less known. <br /> <br /> In a story of a young French (Gaspard Ulliel), a young lithography (Elias McConnell) is drawn to the stories hilarious, humorous, touching, tragic, banal, the beating heart of the French language, the only one who knows the English language to the boy. A separate husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meets to complete the divorce process in the Latin Quarter, with Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) coming to marry without having to touch Oscar Wilde for a couple of marriages. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries faces religiosity at a suburban suburban tourist in his passion for bastille Sergio Castellitto (mistress Leonor Watling), ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she meets Juliet Binouche, terminal leukemia Willem Defo, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte Ludivine Sagnier Place des Victoires, with the help of the boy's fantasies and loss of the Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins is not interested in the opinions of error. Pigalle, Melchior Beslon, learning to see Faubourg Saint-Deniste actress Natalie Portman plays a young blind, Quartier de la Madeleinede vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko, Maggie Gyllenhaal, a former player in the Quartier des Enfants patriotic Rougesdə and Margo Martindale is a tourist letter traveling desperately to speak French as a life-learning <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the film tries to tie like many stories, but it works only on a superficial level. Film uzun müddətdir və çox hekayələr arasında heç bir körpü yoxdur, bütün hərəkətləri assimilyasiya etmək üçün vaxt çatışmazlığı səbəbindən tamaşaçıları təkzib edə biləcək bir fakt. But in the end, he gives a great deal of respect to a large city and gives it to the viewer with many vignettes to visit again as a time record in Paris. A movie worth seeing a few times! Grady Harp
