Only in the evening I saw a workshop on digital projection (the first film shot at 35kg and the first scanned at 6k, 4k, was projected by 2k projector at ETC / USC Theater in Hvd). The director was given 5 minutes to make each love story (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, several good French / international directors). Famous actors (like Elijah Vud, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .., totally cheerful), Maggie Glylenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... come in all the pictures and shapes. Ms Depardieu and many good international actors, ranging from stories, romantic to fascinous movies, align with Alex Payne's Van Santaya and his work related to a woman who has discovered one of the events that take place everywhere. the French language has spoken the least in sequence (with English subtitles), and very few actually speak English, though it will fall into these art houses (a la Diva). At the same time, "experimental" is sometimes the simplest element of complex relationships. (if the "experimental" story does not irritate your desire) Several people have raised some of my feelings ... in cinema ... when something is presented in anything other than these emotions. Like any other person I've ever seen, I laughed at a mimic piece (thank you for that). The film has redefined for me a bit more than a half, and then the last two sequences. At night, some of Paris's beautiful shooting, sincere romantic music generally had a good effect, but the sounds were a bit shots (the main character on the stage / stage), not just for the "emotion" for a good cinematography. The design of each movie was good and for a while, the overall structure (two of the 20 films, but all on the DVD) differed to maintain a good balance between the films. I'm not sure if it's going to come out, but how the five thousand films work is a good job. Sometimes it does not work (often emotionally, for a short movie). When they were released in the area, but they did not know when.
