Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I love the movies I call "Quintet" because I'm forced to see an unforgettable adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey as a little girl in "Forbidden Games". "HealtH", Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson are all the same; "Popeye", in this beautiful and surreal world, Shelley Duvall's Olive Oyl and beautiful Malta places; "O.C. & Stiggs" anti- "adolescent flicker" offer; "Beyond the Experience", for his participation in Geneva's Page for a transvestite effort to see all of his curse and Paris's elegance ... Even with his moving television series, The Lumb Waiter and Laundromat, there are good performances from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger, or Jane Curt, and I welcome the various approaches and images that make up the many different cultures of the United States, unfortunately, its genius is rarely appreciated and given American awards and rewards It is not surprising to find very bad comments about me and my most "basic intelligent" "The Gingerbread Man" here, when it comes to the time it comes time to forget. I'm A I did not know that there are many people who think like Leonard Maltin, who do not like it, and does not like a "The Gingerbread Man" in this case, but for me, Grisham has more to do with more director-screenwriters. Some of the underlying trademarks are: native dialogue, big speeches, a funny law office, typical sensitive receptionist and secretary. Despite the fact that some people are bored, I have seen that the first event I thank for the great cinematography by Changwei Gu, who starred in "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Alvidaq My Concubine". He is in a different light, despite showing us what we have seen in other American films. By his "foreigner's eyes" almost everything looks new and different. Everything was very logical and right in this first move! Wait until you are old. If you fall into the magic of a young and beautiful person like Embeth Davidtz, you get disturbed. I know that a person is smaller than I am! Then, Robert Duvall has a rough, dangerous and mysterious nature, and the Geraldo storm threatens Savannah. The second move is a little fake and even funny, because Altman may have taken a fuss. In some cases, I'm calling on her irony. I think he was preparing a third act by removing us from a part of Brechin. Altman is doing this with his experience. As a wise man and intelligent director, fortunately, he is not trapped in the motion films of today. He manages the tale of lust, betrayal and death. I was a little disappointed with the movie. I give it 10 to 9, because it's Grisham. The American reader turned it into a best-selling writer. Why are you complaining? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us stitches, smoothness, plains and silliness in his stories. But we can not agree with the negative phrases, but it is very gusto and humor. For me, these people have seen another movie ... and vice versa.
