In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inappropriate filmmakers of all time. But this is general information; In my opinion, the main problem is the sequence of genres that bespeaks not to develop a particular style that describes itself as auteur. Hitchcock liked his suspension and his fear / thriller; She liked the chameleon comedy; Scorsese likes mafia stories committed by others, and Spielberg loves great-scale large-scale adventure movies that combine fun and violence for adults. <br /> <br /> However, Schumacher is a type of guy who shoots a defective film around an idea or a really nice welcome around a movie. Kubrick and Welles, a seemingly boring place. It was a great idea behind Falling Down, but I found it to be flawed and anticlimactic with many scenes that seemed to be based on the comedy. Batman is a hero; superhero films have recently become a major hit, so she was able to pull out of a two, not a terrific super heroic movie. Then comes the 8MM; Schumacher's best film, Tigerland, in my opinion, is a film that is a basic film in an effective way. Laughter in the war genre is not something you have to do with most of the time. I remember with fear of the absurdity of the D-Day agenda during Ryan's recovery: when I first saw the film, I did not know much about the World War II bar when it started and finished. I grew up in my eyebrows, my mouth slightly weakened, and I do not believe that I laughed at my face. Of course, the reason for this film was that I had to learn a little bit about the incident and about the war. In Tigerland, we invite you to laugh the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a tough and egoist warrior training for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But here is a clever thing that there is no battle for jaw, fighting and death and destruction scenes; Only one man and most of the time fighting with the system. What he said and his courageous brutality reminded a schoolteacher that he had closed a number of teachers at a very strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow a full metal jacket because it is a training rule for the Vietnam War, but I thought that egos and superegos play a portion here more. The superegos of hellish sergeants are opposed to Bozz, whose ego is very large. The third part of Freud's triangle enters Bozz: ID. Compared with all other great ego-mates, Bozz is brave enough to show him in front of the sergeants, so he says he should not do anything to scratch: "You are all dead in this situation!" A sergeant twists. "Any question?" "Well, if I'm dead, how can I ask a question?" Answers Penalties like Bozz and Cat Eats make him feel un-phase in the true personality style; <br /> <br /> About the Peace, Bozz tries to command a group of soldiers at the field training. The captain of this squad does not think that superego and confidence required to engage in such a job will not be trusted to speak to Bozz. There is a real conversation between Bozz and the existing drill sergeant, who is named Christian. The character of private Wilson (Whigham) takes this step: The unsuccessful wrath and anger in Bozz, eruptes at certain times in the real scenes of the film's shoot-in training in a river. <br /> <br /> Tigerland liked it, and this was a bold way. While Innovations are incomplete, Tigerland uses a low-grade film or less cameras to get a strange look. Do not make a mistake that this can be a very nice-looking movie with many colors and charm. However, looking at everything as it is shot on a regular daily television for television, we get a documentary approach in the last part; Schumacher is smart: he could have taken half the film's budget at the same time, but he did not allow the movie to be as much as a mockmarkry. <br /> Spielberg said he wanted to get rid of private Ryan. <br /> <br /> Although very funny and entertaining, Tigerland is still a great deal of things that tantrates people; is not necessarily a war, but the best possible one. It is interesting that he is a driver of every soldier he hates from his research on a person and even from the system he can not get. Many memorable scenes and situations, unpleasant, unhappy, will open your mind, and maybe you think about what a soldier will end.
