Will and Ted's strange journey is a journey through the fears of death, religion, time, paradise and hell, with the fear of seeking human glory and overthrowing the body by an immodest machine. Heaven is the most intelligent artistic work since Lost and refers to very great works of art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time dudes are a popular rock band collecting icons from the past, from the giants, Joan Ark (Os Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde, and Charles Darwin. They were able to learn from each of these people, abducted to several princesses, and finally learned to play guitar and write hit songs. These songs are still defeated by the world for love and war, hunger, and evil eternity. If we want to dominate the world of a bad dictator, humiliating good music called Simon Cow-Al, we are dragging into the distant future. He eats Rooshus (a cool man from the first movie to help Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Teodor Alvin) and gains strength to send two cyborgs on time. Cyborgs are metal tissue that exists on exoskeleton and are covered by mimetic poly alloys and can imitate everything that exists in their physical contact. Well biff and Fred are their job to kill their lives by killing and making terrifying music that no one can do. By doing so, they will change the world forever - Gryll and Jed music will never leave the world of war, famine and hatred, and will not release pop music, even more annoying, soft boys / girls. <br /> <br /> Because of the murder of a good man, there is an unfortunate twist and they must prepare the way for the world to save themselves and their spouses from the evil Dopplebangers who live in their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead tries to teach us something of modern music and expressions, delving into the knowledge of young culture and true culture and delving into our minds to show ourselves to be in the process of post-modern kits and artistic references. He presents the late 80's youths with the nightmare they encounter in an upcoming society and addresses post-structural jingoism, self-esteem, and the embarrassment of time. Charging us with a belief that we can truly transform into the world is an inspirational message, but in order to achieve such dreams, we must pass and really face the nightmare. Success, defeat, defeat, and survival are the first steps to survive. Kenneth Reeves's "Wow!" With words. Best scene: For an entertaining game - see how many songs, bandwidth and album you've covered - you can swap across the movie. There are at least 6.
