I reflect the days when my beloved hat was only 16 years old to feed me in my time. At least moments of this film show how accurate and accurate the mind and the heart are. It's time for young girls at a young age. Now, I want to propagandize them at the time when they are about my decisions and how important it is to live in them at that time. Both the outer and the inner life are very sweet, if they are patient in their youth and begin to experience the difficulties of life. But still, young people today face some variables that I never deal with. <br /> <br /> Three main characters starring all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give a very convincing picture of the truth for the young girls who live with us. poor situations. Lansa's expectation is that her father is involved, but she has a poor family life that only one mother is alone but brings up on a daily basis. There is a poor education system and no direct contact with role models. These situations are strongly influencing them and their reality, but this is not a major depressive anxiety for young women. All the young girls in the world are attracted to the same situation and are in the spotlight. Finding genuine love within a person, having good friends, earning a little of respect from parents and earning a living, and enjoying life. The film has come face to face with age and gender from its symbols and sealed places. <br /> <br /> Director and writer McKay explains how the DVD went to the head of each scene. From now on you are adding more than three days of actresses to make a real synergy in her life and do her best. What I know about African Americans and Spaniards is a modeling that is always at the forefront of or near the fact that a spiritually-minded family member or neighbor believes in a better day and a better life and future. This film is not touted for promoting it, and I understand it, but the culture does not give up hope for something other than itself. LEGAL FACTOR: Now I think about my future and when I come from and say, "Today is a good day". Yes, there is still poverty, racism, sexuality, and any name we can add. Yes, each one of these young girls is forever perpetuated by the name and destructive of their name, and everything around them is impoverished, but it does not leave them past or present, nor leave them without hope of one of their surroundings. I wanted to be deeply concerned about the sadness of each of the characters and the role model in the life of a young girl in a devastating decision. I think that the value of the film should not just be fun, but cause each of us to think, think and act in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
