"One day, we'll go in a beautiful sunlight, one day, when the world is brighter" - 5 stairs "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> The films about black youth are usually domestic city drugs or hip hop noise-intensive networks. Finding movies about the daily problems of the ordinary inner city youth is hard, and there is still a stone that does not seem to want to recommend. Song, by Jim McKay, teaches three girls in the Crown Heights section in Brooklyn to learn how to lock their lyceum to eliminate asbestos and decide on their future prospects. The story is about a 15-year-old scene, not the adults who reminiscent about the past, as in most age-old films. Avoiding excessive use of the strict chain of street and F-words, she presents the honest and loving portrait of the three friends at intersections in her life. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are second year in the second grade. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real-life marching group that provides discipline and life goals for a work-day parade. <br /> <br /> David Gordon Greene's film, but less stylized than George Washington, demonstrates Kerry's vision of non-professional black and Latino actors with Washington. Although there are some moments of heroism in the hints, I've been involved with the story I forgot about forgetting girls. Maria, whose father was in prison, learned that a local student was pregnant by Terrell. She wants to have a baby, though she is only 15 years old and knows that Terrell will probably not help much. Joycelyn works in a large-scale clothing store, but he is dreaming of being a singer. On a very staggering stage in the bedroom, she talks to her fans, and then sits in bed to read one of her poems. She is at the top of Lanisha and María, but she slips for friendship outside the neighborhood. None of the girls have received much support at home, and Maria is too afraid to talk about her baby. However, moms alone are not typical movies or alcoholic beverages. They are warm and loving parents who limit their time with their children for pressure from the family. <br /> <br /> Canaan's parents are divorced, but she can visit a jumper's father in a luxurious apartment building and speak music. Her mother, Lanisha, encouraged a friend in the neighborhood to learn that she had committed suicide in a somewhat melodramatic effort in another reality film. Like the summer wind, girls fall apart and each one decides on a different course. But there are great dramatic moments, but sad recognition of the inevitable change. Although we do not have the blinds of our eyes on the rage that we are waiting for, we define their hopes and desires without feeling the negative. Our song is an emotionally pleasing movie about growth in projects that refuse to see life under any circumstances.
