The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is actors. Jeon Do-Yeon, a key character, Lee Shin-ae, is a woman with a young son who died in a tragic accident and his young son from Seoul, home to Miryang. The face of Jeans is very variable. She is stylish, sheer, elegant, old and sad, hopeless and joyful, she is strangely isolated and has all the faces. The film also acquainted Song Kang-ho with the stars, Kim's attention, when he got into his car into the city of Miryang, attracted his attention when he started to operate a garage in the city and was always there. Song, Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho, are the biggest star of Korea, known for the sincerity, murder and memories of Mr. Vengeance. However, the nature of a throw here is almost forgotten. But of course, she makes her interesting and exciting. <br /> <br /> Le Shin-ae is a piano teacher. He tells someone that a neutral place, a poor person, comes to the new city (as well as in any other way), as a city like Seoul. Small children are as strange as they are, but they are directly damaged and often withdrawn. His father stayed in his heart and woke up when he missed him. She goes to school and meets with parents, students and businesswomen. Although the place is "everywhere," there is a feeling of being in the movie. People speak in the local dialect and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Shin-ae's Seoul is immediately noticeable. Is this place where life is really tougher than the big city? Shin-ae does not understand the danger he is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible is happening. Shin-ae does not do it in the best way. But this happens and he should face the consequences. But I can not. She goes to pieces. The aggressor is captured, but it is not comforting. Finally, she is desperate, she repents and goes to a new Christian meeting, and acquaintance engenders to take part in it. He finds peace and frees it. But when he decides not to just give up the prostitute, and when he decides to go to the prison, this experience is full of ironies and is still destroying it. He becomes surprised and desperate, and he is no longer in the religion of happiness. <br /> <br /> <strong> <strong> Lee Chang-Dong can be a very good director. It is convincing if Song Kang-ho's actor expresses his great admiration for him. According to LA Weekly's Scott Foundas, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Nohud Sugar (2000) and Oasis (2002), mark him as one of the "leading figures in innovation in his country's latest cinema." But this is not as successful as filmmaking by Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho and other Korean filmmakers who have seen outstanding, almost insulting Park Chan-wook. In fact, Asassiz says, "Asian alieners have not lived here" and then "suddenly warns" of a "thriller," and says, "After a while there is a Bressonic investigation of human suffering." "" But this progress does not seem to be casual and extreme; The movie sags and its momentum loses toward the end and then fizzles, without any sense of ending. There are weak points in the event. Shin-ae gives her loose chance with her son and makes a bad choice. If he is greeted with such fraud by Jean-Jacques Beineix as Betty in Betty Blue, it can explain the peculiar and wrong choices, and this is not the right thing to do. <br /> <br /> This is an interesting film, of course, a movie that is disturbing, but this is one of those doubts and dissatisfaction after putting it through an emotional cigarette. <br /> <br /> The official selection of the New York Film Festival at Lincoln Center is an event recently held by Korean directors in 2007.
