Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards in Cannes and other festivals in 2007. Jeon-Do Yeon, the new widow of Shin-ae, won the Best Actress Award for the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine also won the Best Feature Film and won the Jeon-Do Yeon Asian Pacific Screen Awards Best Player. In addition, this movie won the best film awards at almost all Korean film festivals. Mysterious Sunshine, expressed hope and salvation, which can be found when it is painful because of a permanent disaster. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and the people. The director and writer of this film, Li Chang Dong, said: "I wanted to express love in a great sense, and this movie can be a melodrama in one sense and it is a win." Lee acknowledged that the Hidden Sun had no appearance. This film is not a movie about religion, but drew attention to many Christians in Korea because it has many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> The secret of the Sun, Jun, Shin-Ani was kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper requires money, since he must be wealthy since he can get land. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae is a victim of a church and wants to kill her. She decides to visit her son's murder and forgive her. Shin-ja's friend, Jong-chan, "Just donate your heart, go to prison?" He says. Her church pupils say that she is happy and prays for her. He agrees with what he wants to do. It's a sad moment, because it's too early to act on it. The result of the meeting with the killer is a turning point in the life of Shin-ae. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. This was angered by God. He said, "How can I forgive man before I forgive him?" He says. <br /> <br /> He begins to fight with God. He looks up to heaven and says, "I will not lose you." She is a trap, her heart is a trap, her hands are chains. More bitter than death. She is small and sensitive and is sent to a mental hospital. Shin-ae is discharged from the hospital every day and goes to a beauty shop and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's daughter works in the shop and cuts her hair. The murderer's daughter kidnapped Shin-o's son. <br /> <br /> When cutting the Shin-ae hair, the protagonist can not understand what's going on and quickly goes out of the store. <br /> <br /> It is not difficult to talk about Jong-chan in the film. Jong-chan does his best to be on the side of Shin-ae. Though she does not show any interest to her, she is always there. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan goes to the church because of Shin-ae, because she is peace with God. Secret Sunshine director Li Chang Dong says Jong-Chan's Milyang (hidden solar), rural town, or vice versa. He looks "very secular and attractive, but he's always two steps behind him and serves him, and Milyang looks like him." Mr Lee adds: "Someone joked Jong-chan could be an angel, and I think he can be an angel, who knows, we do not know that there is no angel." If there is a person like Jong-chan, who accompanies his girlfriend's twists and shifts, we can defend ourselves against the powerful. Shin-ae life is meaningless. Her husband died after she deceived her and her only son was killed by a murderer after she moved to her husband's homeland. And his spirit was damaged because he had misunderstood Christianity, and that this was a vicious and insane one. It is easy to say that his life is full of meaninglessness. Do you still have hope in his life? Can you find meaning in his life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae is trying to cut her hair by ourselves: we are driving ourselves to life. However, he realizes that it is difficult to do it and we know that we can not do everything ourselves. We see the Jong-chan mirror cutting the hair. It is his hope. There is Jong-chan beside him and he is ready to help him in any situation. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel for him. If we think that an angel is always in the right, we can feel the joy of life in the face of difficulty in life. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine, was the subject of conversation in Korea. As Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps to discuss the early church history, Hidden Sunshine encourages life to experience intolerance and to find the meaning of life seemingly unbearable. By the insightful interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its doctrine. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us to see it under the surface. Some people say that after watching the hidden sun, they will not go to church worship, and Lee Chang-Dong says, "Before watching this film they have become anti-Christ." Hidden Sunshine is a story of a woman's life and we can interpret the life of Shin-ae.
