I did not intend to write this review, but when I read the standard views in the URL of this movie, I had to write a rebuttal. In short, the film is very good. The writer does not justify the slander he wrote. I think that the writer is largely missing the point of the film. In fact, I was put out by a large number of Evangelical devotees who worked in the middle of the film. Nevertheless, I must admit that the film is propaganda for the evangelical movement at the end of the film. One of the directives of the Master is that it is not enough to find all the answers to religion, and that religion can not answer basic and straightforward questions, and that all that religion offers sometimes can sometimes answer. may use some sort of thing or something else. This does not give a worthy judgment because religion has been transmitted to ordinary, mostly good, mostly good people, and there is usually no monopoly in the truth and, thus, some questions in life. As a result, this is the issue of faith. You have to take it on the faith and that's all. If you believe, you can appreciate your faith. If you do not believe, any partner of your faith is weak. At the same time, it is instructed to mark the response to the film. In any case, the director shows us that he can choose not to accept the religious commentary on events and answer questions, and in spite of life, there is a "secret sun" waiting for all the creatures in the world to have their religious orientation. And this is just the main message of the movie! Please do not take into account the final scene of the movie if you do not get it! Finally, the movie is a great thing and is very thought-provoking and welcomes you - the audience who has to answer for yourself. So you have a hard work for you. I agree with our reviewer, there were a lot of evangelical materials. However, considering the above explanation of the religion as it is shown in the film, I think that the director is trying to balance what he says is not an Evangelist? basher! Actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. She is so balanced and perfect that she is just beautiful. Certainly, my favorite Korean actor is. I know that actress Do-Yeon Jeon received the Cannes Prize for the best actress for this movie. But I did not find any profession in his activity. It seems that you just need to get crying and hysterical scenes and all really truly convincing to get the prize? All in a great movie. If you do not like it? See it again and see if you get it! Imagine if you are displeased or worried or do not ask questions, then if you think that the director really does not aim primarily through this movie!
