Paul Verhoeven has one of the most striking works of any great filmmaker: He has started drawing craft films in his native Holland before moving on to Hollywood without going to the Netherlands. Here, basically, the main heart has just begun to create pieces of the rabbit, which are considered to be just fun. The fourth person in 1983 was his latest film before moving to the United States and appears to be a transitional film. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the fourth person, though, you will see the film, though the poor author is Gerard's perspective. In a statement similar to the film Third Man, 1949, by Carol Reed, the film begins with a writer who is traveling to talk with literary literary enthusiasts. However, the next similarity will end because Gerard will not allow any complications before entering the auditorium, and the speech itself goes fairly. Although it is relatively easy to perform this task, as we know, the author has realistic fantasies about killing the guesthouse before leaving his home, and it is a tropical gate of a hotel that has been advertised and an independent watchdog. Sometimes, when an anecdote is said to be difficult to keep his fantasies out of reality, he explicitly states that he is wrong, and he deceives the truth as much as he does not know what is happening. happen. <br /> <br /> The fourth person is full of true fantasies and desires, which are more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they are related to the events taking place, and sometimes sometimes "T has not happened yet." Effectiveness of non-real sequence and Verhoevé's careful correction Still, Do not See Now Now, the Most Atmospheric Film amongst the Stylus, and it's full of uncertainty as the movie, as Gerard's deep Catholic beliefs are within sexiness on every side of his life, and the fourth person is also ridiculous in the film, he is naturally acquainted with Biblical Delilah a woman with a hair stylist, although she is scared that she will eliminate more men's symbols with scissors. <br /> <br /> The fourth person, Luis Buñuel, is an erotic fantasy sequence to create blush, the life of Christ on the cross <br /> <br /> Fourth person still continues to have a certain uncertainty in the hero's mind: Garyre seems to be in danger, but may be "a lie to the truth." The film is full of subtle and in-depth visual symbolism that helps create a unique and satisfying cinematography experience.
