Watching DE VIERDE MAN (fourth man) is a bit of anxiety and a very interesting experience. A very intense and intense psychological mystery / tension from the Dutchman Paul Verhoeven. He directed this movie before winning a great deal with "Hollywood Free Ticket" - FLESH + BL. I noticed that Alfred Hitchcock was celebrating in many users' comments on this site. Indeed, this movie may be Hitchcockian, but I also mentioned fragrances of early Cronenberg (visceral), David Lynch (visually linked to the story of the surreal) and even Roman Polanski (plot-set up). What a strange thing to watch while watching the movie, I thought that the directors had not been filming since 1983, the fourth Man Release Year. <br /> <br /> Under Gerard Reve, the story of the original novel must really be given a lot of credit. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the main character (writer Jeroen Krabbé, balancing the dangerous line of severe psychosis). Now everyone stopped and thought that the word "rêve" was French for "sleep"? The film has a series of night-day / night-time series that Gérard is dreaming of or dreaming, though he is not always sure. Can this be a coincidence ...? Maybe I'm just, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite striking as a leading lady (plays a very difficult role). Occasionally sometimes it appears guilty of excessive behavior. But that aspect was intentional to reflect the character she was playing, since you are not sure how much this movie really is to think about this woman and her intentions since the film is moving forward. Again, he is a good actress. Additionally, there were several scenes that featured full frontal men and women's nakedness, as well as some obvious scenes (and even some scenes and aspects of the scenes to be explicitly for Verhoeven) BASIC INSTINCT. Another feature of this film is the many symbolic and biblical references / images that claim to have been hated by some conservative / Catholic movements during European freedom. In both cases, the film deserves a second look. Now someone recently said that DE VIERDE has serious concerns about MAN. One of them maneuvers himself in a situation where the film needs the divine intervention of Mary to solve her problem. I have big issues in the way of Catholics and are sometimes portrayed in many films in any genre (when it comes to frightening religious issues only). But surprisingly, when I came to MAN on the fourth, I had no idea. Although Mary's Mary's part forced me to shake my head at some point, I also enjoyed it. I think the keyword is "duality" because it does not bother me. Because this movie works on two levels. Although the divine intervention is plotted against the protagonist ... on the other hand, the movie: all this can be a delight ramblings of a confused madrassa. And this is an entertaining part: you never know. And then there's a question: Is Gerard Reve a sort of deceptive thing, something distracting? At a point in the film, Gerard fools that he believes Kristin is a clairvoyant. <br /> <br /> So, she plays Christine in special fields. Taking into account the attractive story, convincing performance, and in the right direction, DE VIERDE MAN really is a very detailed idea (especially enjoying a solid European psychological fright). But be sure to see the original Dutch version (except dubbing).
