I do not know if I think of him as a masterpiece, but it is recently cursed; It is extremely well-designed, feature-rich, intricately drawn, thematic, challenging and brave foreshadowing and full of sexual and religious images. Jan de Bont, Loek Dikker's atmospheric account, and a few great camera workshops, one of which is a prominent player from Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk. The latter gave the most sophisticated, delicate 'femme fatale' performance I've ever seen. Like other European films, this film has an unbreakable, unbiased attitude toward sexual, nudity and sexuality, and has zero-conditions to mix them with religious and / or unusual (sometimes unbelievable) images. In other words, if you do not think of a slavery homosexual, which is the subject of sexual desires before the crucifixion of Jesus on a crucifix, they will enter the cemetery. More surprised, this strange movie managed to overcome ambitious ambitions. Abstract / realreal / parallel mixes fantasy-reality scenes and works in some way. As any good mystery, you can see slowly falling pieces as the film progresses. There is no left-wing solution here. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary filler, and after you have finished, you can understand the purpose of what you are mixed with. If you love Ken Russell and David Lynch's work, I can guarantee that you love this movie. Hell is still alike if they do not know who they are. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the terrain, but the opening shot of a film - a spider takes over his predator by a web site - like Krabbé, an error-free, bizarre, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (who is a writer of this novel the name of the author) is a literal "old widow" responsible for the death of his three previous husbands, which is quite surprising), with a rich, mysterious, sexy woman called Christine, Soutendijk, and Simon Simon's innocent stylings, united with innocence / sorrow. Both love and act together, but we believe (Christine's strange behavior and the appearance of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - something that really exists or can not be) is something terrifying underneath the boiling surface . When one of Kristin's beloved, young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman) appears in the house, she gets an unexpected turn. <br /> <br /> 4th MAN was a great success in many countries around the world, but by 1984, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association was the best foreign film of the year. The most widely distributed video, the fiercely dubbed Media is free. Anchor Bay Try to run straight and over the new title of DVD freedom. After coming to America, Verxeeva's career had risen and dropped. He made several decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some bad guys (Showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's great hit is Basic Instinct, a less interesting, smaller version of the Fourth Man. Southendg also encouraged his hand to operate in the United States and, as GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best offerings, set out for the Netherlands.
