The most popular film of the general public, which is more important than ROUEN AWARD and "VILLA PARANOIA" TRIUMFU Jury award, was "Villa Paranoia", the brightest dramatic comedy of Erik Clausen, which was shown by the European Youth Jury. the appeal to the classes of all ages. The next day, director Klausen traveled to MAMERS in Pays de Loire, the "Villa Paranoia" - Best Film, Professional Jury Prize - for the provincial festival of the new European cinema, awarded by the "Villa Paranoia". Best Film, Audience Award; and "lycéens", the jury's best film, French high school students. One weekend is a bad scoop for a movie from a small country with five prizes - nominated actors. Additionally, the Villa has been awarded by the British actor Sir Ben Kingsley (Ghandi), who was awarded a Grand Prix award only a week ago at the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, held in San Jose. a week. Although Lars van Trier has placed Denmark on an unusual Nine Cinematic Map in recent years, veteran Maverick Erik Klausen (62) and his skilled team members will present to the world much more than Denmark, or rather, to the mass audience for the young and the elderly. Moreover, the movie's leadership in the film is a good chance to become a next international Scandinavian diva, by exposing a little more that Sonja Richter has such a magic display presence. The record for "Villa Paranoia" is a fantastic movie written, directed and operated by Mr. Klausen and using some of the Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid" motif. An ambitious young actress, Anna (Richter), has lost a deep coveted role in the Moliere game and has been dropping to make a stupid TV chicken trade, half of the suicide. At the same time, Jorgen (Clausen) committed suicide before working on a large chicken farm sponsored by the land, his wife, Stella, a weak, bizarre, wheelchair-loving father Walent. Anna is the only person who finally finds the way to communicate with the old confusion of the enemy, and in addition, it leads to deafness and inactivity all these years - the lively "Malade Imaginaire". This will play the greatest role of his life in revealing the mystery of Walent that leads to a complete withdrawal of life and reality. Coming to the Moliere tradition of the party, Villa "Paradise-Paranoia" is a hearty, multi-layered, serial-funny psychological drama and literally has something for everyone, and only the overall international coverage is worthy. Alex Deleon, Paris / 21 MARCH, 2005
