Drugs are essentially similar to mini-series or other types of television duplications that are actually repeatedly on TV a few weeks or more. This is, in fact, not long enough. All the basics of decades have been covered, and views are of interest to the postmodern history and to the various parties. But it does not cover quite a bit, or at least it's time to do more when it's time-consuming. For example, the details and details of the massive drug (partially marijuana, the next cocaine) for all the process and business are really well presented, but more information is available. <br /> <br /> In the documentary, drug, pop culture, interference, upper classes, subclasses, and submarine. The mutual understanding between them over the years and both has become very clear. In the film, no one is likely to have small tips with a pot) - it is aimed at confirming the medication, but shows what is sometimes the honesty of entertainment, and then the archive clips about the disaster associated with the purchase of certain drugs. The appearance of various simple, ridiculously anti-drug officials complicates some of the troubles, even in such a point of view of the pharmaceutical culture and the United States as a whole - because there are only a few key points in the interviews. The only way to really deal with a drug problem is not 'say nothing' because the war against drugs is not as effective as it thinks. <br /> <br /> It is true that all the medicines and the people who may be hypocritical (eg oxycontin on the market) be clean. <br /> <br /> Great Ken Burns documentary film interest and depth? No, but in a small summer season, television, which is seen by young people (ie at my age), is almost an ancient history, although most of them are preceded by a generation, as well as the "old" few decades after great peaks, but the frustration was more popular in the same media as it used to be, and it was previously spread and advertised earlier this year. There are those who can find the documentary to be particularly biased, but this is not entirely false, but it is an interesting view that tries to make a fairly different approach to the social, political and entertainment environment of the drugs that are incompatible with each other.
