After SuperFriends and Scooby Doo released the waves in the morning on Saturday morning in 1986, I began watching cartoons on Saturday morning, which criticized me, and that's why Real Ghostbusters and Flintstone Kids seemed to me very promising, and I was "retired" and began to sleep in the morning on Saturday. I just returned from a Saturday morning on TV in 1988 for one and only animation show. <br /> <br /> Superman's new animation show was something I passed. I was 17 years old and then at high school, but what happened! I liked this show. From what I can remember, this series was a gift to fans who would celebrate Superman's 50th birthday anniversary. The theme music and Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman movies had a musical style reminiscent of John Williams. I honestly felt the Ruby Spears animated style was reminiscent of the Galactic Guardians series by Hanna Barbera a few years ago in the Super Powers Team. Unfortunately, Danny Dark did not like Superman, but I felt that he was doing a very impressive job as he was nerdy as Beaver Weaver's Superman voice and Clark Kent's Chris Reeve version. Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic at the 90th Fantastic Four, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain like Lois Lane. LOL! What a strange thing? He was a sound director for Hannah Barbera and Ruby Spears, and I think he took himself to Lois. SuperFriends memories were lingered when it sounded on this array. Jimmy Olsen, SuperFriends, was primarily Firestorm, Mark Taylor. Perry White is no other than Stanley Ralph Ross, a former Batman TV writer with Brainiac at the Gorilla Grodd and Super Powers shows at SuperFriends. And Lex Luthor, now a clever cracker billionaire, is well known as TiOon SuperFriends voice alumni, as well as many other characters like Zan and Riddler, Michael Bell. Along with the crisis that proves this series, I felt the merger of the movie Superman, John Byrne, the Submarine, and Jonathan and Martha Kent, a billionaire tycoon with Lex Luthor, Clark Superman. Bruce Timm series, and Lois and Clark would do the same. Unfortunately we have never seen Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo or Darkseid. Apart from Lutore, we just saw Prankster and we saw General Zod. Especially enjoyed an episode with Wonder Woman, voiced by BJ Ward, who plays for the Super Force Team. <br /> <br /> These episodes were silenced, and I grew up to grow up to Clark's early and mature stories from childhood to childhood, in a small segment, to the Metropolis in the Superman Family Album. <br /> <br /> The only thing that does not love me. Only one season continued. And after Wonder Woman's hospice, I was hoping Batman would be expressed by Adam West (still I think about the Super Powers Team episodes). I also hope, because in Prankster's episode, Metropolis's baseball team met Gotham Goliaths. <br /> <br /> Each famous Super Hero has an ultra-unique cartoon series. For SpiderMan, I feel I am a 1981 solo series simultaneously released as Amazing Friends. The incredible Hulk, the cartoon of 1982. Fantastic Four, 1978 series with HERBIE Robot. For Batman, Batman's new adventures of the 1974 Batman film. But this is the rare series for Superman. <br /> <br /> Superman never spells or notes books and documentaries. This is a series that should look at the DVD version of WB. In general, this is the Superman version of 1988 .... Super!
