TENANTs have begun exploring the conflicts between Jews and African Americans in any atmosphere in Brooklyn when the writer / philosopher, Bernard Malamud, who died in 1971, wrote the book. A story like a novel was as if it was real: as novelists David Diamond and Danny Green (who also governed) were transcribed into the scenario. , this is a brain dysfunction that slowly slows down the final moments of action. / Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novel with a book under his belt, but now tries to turn his "new" book into ten years. She was convinced that the novel had to be completed in the same environment as it had begun. he is the only tenant in Brooklyn's building, a convict of Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "buy" Harry's rent to collapse the building that is perpetually damaged. This is Harry's friend, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), a fellow black-haired quasi-anti-Semitic writer, who is Harry's friend, secret and attempted to write about the death of the new elder. Harry's attempt to help Willie, at least less than Willie's brotherly brothers' meeting, leads to the failure of Willie's girlfriend, White Jew Irene Bell (Rose Byrne), at Harry's interview. Willie and Irene are on skids and Harry gradually fell in love with Irene and plans to leave New York as Harry finished his novel. When Willie heard the assignment and was further criticized by Harry, Willie exploded and began not only with a subtle friendship, but also with a downturn in competition among writers. The latter reveals the slippery nature of the human condition, the human capacity and oppression of violence. <br /> <br /> Actors do their best with a script that is a little hesitant; to preach, to build convincing characters. Cinematography enhances the story, restricting the mood and density of the building that is mostly condemned. The musical score uses the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano properly to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these unsound characters. Although there are some patiences to pass through cerebral splashes, the film is worth the effort. At least, Malamud is trying to create a striking look on his life in the big city. Grady Harp
