A pretty good movie to watch. Using digital technology, director Rohmer has become a dyed-up scene for his living actors. Often, the film works brilliantly at a beginning like a popular storybook. It is less successful in several scenes that limit the camera angle (for example, some of the buildings are not painted on the sides), but it is very interesting to shoot a film that is more than our own mistaken ideas. Limited history of history as history itself. It is narrated through the memories of Grace Elliott, an old teacher of Duc d'Orleans. Thus, Marxist historians, especially in France, usually refer to a phenomenon allegedly of themselves, from the point of view of women aristocratic alien. Inevitably, a different point emerges - no objective can be represented. The use of the memoirs device delivers an episodic quality. Personally, I saw the story line around the King's death most interesting. When Duc voted for the death of the King, a strange Royalist shocked (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is here to help keep the dialogue between Grace and Duc.) Louis was his cousin and himself elected to Parliament immediately changed his name to Philip Equality). Louis's death is a masterpiece. Grace and his servant are in the Meudon City, Paris, with a telescope. We do not see execution, we only hear the description of the servant like Grace. The revolution is happening on the most dramatic event screen. Grace will not wait to kill her king. In his view, he is an aristocrat. Louis Caesar's cause is completely beyond sight. It captures a powerful, sensitive smart film. Duc is a love story between Duc and Grace, who never said and acted strongly (Duc, sometimes it may seem like a terrible fool, what he sees in it) The subtle nudity that swept individuals in a revolutionary period (simply being suspected) life is reversed, looking for a home everyday, yet it is instructed to cook his servants, feeding and dressing himself! If there is any interest in a subtle, good movie, using a new technology wisely, an old tale or the key moment in Europe's history If an aristocratic woman representing a foreigner narrates from abroad, it is worth your time. It's a bit slow, but your patience is highly rewarded.
