From the original Japanese name of LAPUTA (because director Hayao Miyazaki is a hysteria), "SKY IN CASTLE" is the third animated film and one of the most loved of all time. First, a box office disappeared in 1986, has been accepted by critics and viewers from around the world since today. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels," SKY'S CASTLE is a young action adventure desk about two young orphans - finding young Chinese miners Pazu and a magic crystal on her neck, the mysterious girl Sheeta - the long lost Laput Island There are great riches and precious stones for you. They are supported by a bumping group followed by the government headed by Muska (the first one, headed by the real allies, Dola, who was followed by his predecessor), and his glorious topmost secret agent, whom he did not want. <br /> <br /> Laputan's power is for its own benefit. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend 2 hours, this movie is an excellent choice of just the right amount of humor, intelligence, miracle and mystery. to take care of one. Although some of Miyazaki's next films are magnificent, craftsmanship is fantastic and beautiful enough to follow creative characters and places, incredible exciting movement scenes and breathtaking segments. Although the characters living in this story are less complicated than Miyazaki's other works, each one has a memorable, beloved personality that has been memorized after a long time after the end of the film. Particularly, Dola, giving orders to her unsaturated sons at once, is awful funny to protect the next Sheet. <br /> <br /> Muskin orders every area where Miyazaki's creativity appears to be at least an irreplaceable villain, but Dola, as well as an attractive and cold character. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often compared Gainax's fantasy adventure series with NADIA: BLUE WATER OF THE SECRET. As a result, both works share the same story and character elements ... It should be noted that Miyazaki was created by himself. Their implementation is different in both places. Although NADIA is attractive for most of its parts, it has been shattered in its midpoint at the wrong time, though, despite the decisive conclusion, the caricaturistic nonsense, which surprised the main area. On the other hand, SKY GALLERY remains steady fun and focuses on two hours of work and is better for that. Nevertheless, the epic tone of the film is sometimes susceptible to the film, even though some of the "cartoonist" moments, like the case of Pazu's chief and Dola's children. <br /> <br /> The English version of the Disney, James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, and Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings, have come up with a great name as they come together. In addition, the performance of the Seattle Music Orchestra makes Joe Hisaishi's brilliant musical score an ambitious job (it is interesting that the man behind this record is the composer himself). Complications, while occasionally supplicating for supplementary dialogue and contention, Miyazaki did not have such a problem; in fact, is acknowledged to be a rehearsal and a good reason, because the record in the new record really is the star of the new dub. In some cases, the overall reworking is fantastic and in many ways improves the original, especially scenes In some cases, a robot is attacking a castle and closely related to end-to-end moments in some cases to fill out some of the original silent scenes of original Japanese (some travel through a dragon-infested storm cloud) whom. Here, the music is multifaceted and genius to adapt Hisaishi music to music. <br /> <br /> As you go through the staircase, you will likely have a short stroke of the potential stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu is more than a character, Anna Paquin's Sheet speaks with a strange emphasis that is really a characteristic problem. Well, both work well and generally provide a fairly convincing chemistry. This is really a fun support, especially for those dubs, especially Cloris Leachman Dola and Mark Hamill's Muska. They both throw perfectly and play every stage they make; both of which require the Disney dub. The scenario adaptation is sometimes limited to the idle side - there are some additional lines and / or comments (some are over priced rarely and others overdone) - but at least one controversial change (Sheetan's speech climactic showdown "world can not live without love" Mother Earth can not live separately "), common characters, stories and spirit remain quite loyal to the original. In general, there are very few points comparing the Disney version to the original language; each one puts his stamp on the masterpiece of this legend, and I love them. Since the late 1980s, Streamline / JAL's more typical, but terrible robot is better than the old, no-nonsense, strange and badly written old dubs; Do not believe everyone who says this version is "superior" to Disney - on the contrary. <br /> <br /> In either case, you can not go wrong with SKY on LOVE. Miyazaki is the largest of all time and I highly recommend it.
