Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film and the first of its first commercial and critically acclaimed first album (first Nausicaa AKA Warriors of Wind), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'The Sky in Castle' Kiki Delivery Service, 'Mononoke-hime' and 'Spirited Away' may seem more childhood and simpler than the new ones, but in 1986 it was premature, and this is anime of the modern era. It is important to remember that "Sky in Castle" was made two years ago by the revolutionary "Akira" and if the argument is not provocative and controversial as the above-mentioned masterpiece, the lead characters are mainly the main manga hero / and the story is quite predictable and clear (at least in today's standards) Miyazaki's designs and animation are standards that have never been seen before. Although the story and humor are sometimes somewhat foolish and outdated, the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable - it's not as breathtaking as the 'Ruhed Away'. If you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames and allow you to see low-budget coloring and animation and the same twin faces, Miyazaki is still committed to the roots and the Japanese cartoon standards. Miyazaki's brightness is seen as 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. Although the "Sky Fortress" is a fantastic adventure and is accessible to children, it still sits more closely with its classic anime than anything else it has since its beginning, its motives and principles still play an important role. It would be better to destroy the film, so I'm going to close my kindness. It is enough to say that I have only nineteen children because I have to go higher for 'Ruhlanan Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. <br /> <br /> As in most anime movies, it is recommended to watch the Japanese word with the English subtitles, even if you do not speak Japanese - it is very good and in this case it is just scary. You would like to look at the English version once, but for laughter and star cast (English was only recorded after the success of the "Spirited Away" because it's Kiki's Delivery Service Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yeah, Dawson's boy ), Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker plays the leading role if you do not know Star Wars), plays a great role, and plays other roles (Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille, The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Kevin Costi's Robin Hood travesty from Friar Tuck) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, Inigo Montoya ...) laughs or laughs a bit, but first watch Japan.
