Now I have heard a little about the new Disney dance called The Sky The Castle, the classic film of Laputa, Miyazaki. By the end of 1998, Disney released "1999," releasing the video "Kiki's Delivery Service", which reflects the front view of the Laputa dubai. Certainly it has passed since then, but dub has finally come to an end. Laputa is not mentioned in Spanish as such "Laputa: Sky castle", not just "Castle in the sky", because Laputa is used several times in the word. Perhaps the world-renowned composer, Joe Hisaishi, who first shot the film, has heard a great deal of music with the new arrangements. Laputa After my neighbor Totoro and the Valley of the Wind, Nausica, came out of Studio Ghibli's start and a long hits. In my opinion, one of Miyazaki's best films is that this is a powerful lesson in two hours and four minutes. Laputa: The Sky Castle is a movie for all ages and I urge you to see it all. <br /> <br /> For those who can not stay in the Sky story, it starts at the start and does not stop. in the next two hours. The story is very flawless and skillfully prepared, you see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, this is a fantastic thing. The film begins with Sheta, a girl with a hell has gone because she is captured by the government. Sheeta Laputa, the castle in the sky and the long lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred tower where many government officials, military and air pirate groups are searched by Dola gang (Sheeta and Pazu, later friendships). Soon the bandits attack the ship and escape during the attack. It falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and according to his pendant. He is floating from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy living in mines, sees Sheetah and takes him. Both become fast friends, but thanks to his puppet Dola gang and get to catch two great excitement rides as the government seeks to capture Sheeta. After a sequence of movements, as we have set ourselves on an emotional and moving peak, we learn all the intentions and personalities that will ask them all with fantastic animation and good dialogue. A little twisted surprise. I think that this movie is just an eye-catcher and it's a two-hour and four-minute workout. Hayao Miyazaki's animation is beautiful, with no limitations. Films are often a combination of periods. It appears to have taken place in the late 1800s, but it is a number of alternative universes with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also a stunning comic movie. There are moments that are almost equal to the tone of the film, drama and movie. The funniest part of me is a battlefield where Pazu's manager faces a pirate and after a while after the clashes. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how dub rates are. Let's compare male power and see music perfectly. A perfect tower, it gives a number of beautiful speeches to bring these characters to life. Teen heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has more adult sound than the Japanese version, which was originally called as more children. In either case, I think his voice is a good fit with Pazu. The Piano plays the young Oscar winner Anna Paquin Sheeta. It's a nice performance, but it's a little different, and it's not a hit. Sometimes he sounds like America as a scientific cake, but at other times it sounds like someone from New Zealand. But most favorite performance was Coris Leachman, playing Mama Dola. Not only this is a wonderful performance, but the voice that gives the voice and the feeling really brings it to life. If there was no live action in the Laputa movie (G-d should be banned), he would be a person who could play, you can only imagine his role (good, slightly). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill Muska and this is a top-level Hamill performance. After the actual Star Wars films, you can get to know Hamill's long work, but give Muskan a complete scandal. His voice is sounded as a regular sound and mix of Joker, his animated film played in many episodes in the Batman series. <br /> <br /> The voice of actor Jim Cummings, who is a member of the Dola gang, and a great job like Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin. <br /> <br /> Now I'm really special to this dub, Joe Hisaishi's new music! Music is so memorable for those who have never heard him, like Hisaishi music and all of Miyazaki's films. Each of their scores has a personality that is perfectly suited to a particular movie. These new arrangements I now make are more like "America" ​​and I think the purpose of the new articles. Do not ask, the classic voices of the Japanese version are still here in great form. The score, sounds me like this is a blockbuster in Hollywood. It has more power, more attention, more clearly and deeper. The prologue of the movie, the first moments at the airport have new music (but I'm not sure, but I believe for the first time the ships had no music there). But the majority of music has more background music and new background music. Things look very advanced. On a powerful stage, music is stronger than the original versions. It is quieter on a quiet scene. In general, I think most of you are convinced that new mixes will be satisfied, I feel very good and I personally help improve the film. <br /> <br /> <strong> Hopefully Disney will release or license music rights in a completely blown voice <br /> <br /> Another side of Dub is the story's commitment, and the very original Japanese lines violation. Kiki, I'm convinced that some lines have changed and this is the same, the lines have changed. But the majority have written close or completely original lines and dialogue with Miyazaki. I'm afraid some of the excellent lines are in the mosquito, but they stay there. Some new lines have been added. But I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing to do, translating the Disney ending song, OFFLINE, was in Japan. After completely new songs for Kiki dub, I killed him, but the original song with this version ... in Japan. <br /> <br /> This dub has a great side, and how these sounds match. character lips. Of course, it will not be perfect at any point, but I think that the dubbing of the matches at Kiki and Mononoke is a bit better (and Disney's a bit more with this ...). Sometimes everything is perfect, sometimes the match is not over and in a rare case someone tells something and the lips do not move (there is a scene where sheets have no mouths or mouths) <br /> <br /> What matters to the film itself is my ideas. The most beautiful part of Laputa was animation. Until the end of the opening sequence, the animation is very fascinating and detailed, only with fear. You see the true nature of each character, its true details closer to its faces and movement. You need to give a ton of credit for this animated film. Everything is very good and beautifully handcrafted, part of a moving piece of art. And think, it was in the mid-1980s. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has a distinctive mark, which is very different but very good. After all these years, the colors look even lively. In Laputada there are also movement tones, cluster planes and many places. These sequences are very good and interesting, and they are scared to compare with a big budget action movie. And the final is just what you need to see. Sound effects are pure and classic, and explosions, weapons, and everything else are good. Like all Miyazaki films, each one focuses on a different subject (eg Kiki: Trust). This is a great lesson for longing and strength. People do not realize how long-awaited you are and how much power is not good. <br /> <br /> Laputa: It was a big movie that started with The Sky in Castle and now it's upgraded to most parts. I am glad that the classic animated film has the opportunity to see it in all its glory. Disney has done a great job and deserves a great deal, with a great remix of the great redone musical score from Joe Hisaishi. Even though Kiki and Princess Mononoke think that they have heard sounds better on the Disney boards, Sky The Castle is still a great deal and causes long delays, because it can no longer give a fantastic movie.
