Regardless of his personal views of the 1975 "La bête" giant but silver Valentin Borowczyk, this strange ship should acknowledge that it is a completely unique film experience. Borowczyk erotic tale has been banned for a long time in many countries, and it is clear why this controversial stone is a victim of funny film censorship. "La bète" is a magnificent atmosphere, a delicate and beautiful tale, a completely ambiguous refusal of absolutely eroticism and any compromise. <br /> <br /> The disaster (as though) the main theme of the film did not help the scenario, but it was very controversial and therefore had a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, is a little nude son of Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry a young and beautiful daughter of a richest British family, Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel) organized for. Mathurin's cousin (Marcel Dalió) is determined to take a long stand for the old curse. As far as Lucy's and her mother's French property are concerned, Lucy is immediately amazed at an old book of the 18th century, the portrait of Sirillo Lane and strange images. The story soon comes to an awkward sex shooting ... We can say without exception the exception film lovers should not lose this movie. Strangely, "La bte" is undoubtedly stunning in style, setting, and cinematography. It is present in and out of the atmospheric sleep sequence such as fire and sleep. The forest source and the magnificent family residences are spectacular conditions, and beautifully considered and incredible cinematography builds a great atmosphere for this strange tale. Very open sex, erotic (vulnerable women's nakedness, foolish actresses) are seriously demented and even slightly disgusting (in sexual intercourse, horse breeds ...); in both cases it will not be forgotten. The entire castle of La Bète is fantastic and all of these give great speeches in eccentric characters (some seriously demented). The movie is probably the founder of the imagination, or the relatively unknown, but particularly glossy actress Pascale Rivault, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane, the lead Lisbeth Hummel (who died in AIDS in 1999 with many regrets) <br /> <br /> an aristocratic girl who has been able to have sex with a slave in a strange cabin. <br /> <br /> I deliberately did not give a full description of the most important parts of the earth, because it was simply believed. Some scenes are one of the strangest stories in the film, and scenes with the epic "monster" are definitely among them. Undoubtedly, everyone is not recommended for river tea, but very controversial and unusual for those who love cinema. A real gem!
