Polish filmmaker Walter Borowczyk's La Bete (French, 1975, aka The Beast) is one of the most controversial and brave films and one of the most beautiful. This film, in general, describes everything that is hidden and denied about nature and sexual nature through the symbolism and silence of the image. Images may be ugly, pessimistic, "sick" or "irritable", but these are all in the end. Sex, desires, and death are very powerful and are the main things and dominate all bodies of human souls. <br /> <br /> They set out with a French village to meet with a famous young woman's mother. her husband soon wrote to her husband a letter. All are very exciting, and each other's parents and siblings look forward to seeing new people coming to their families. The young bride's innocence shines and nobody can do anything, and on the walls of the great and beautiful French mansion, all people and animals and the mysterious "la bte" appear to be something. the heroes said they did not think the majority of the audience was in the real and in the face. <br /> <br /> The film, by David Cronenberg's Shivers (Canadian) (1975), reveals that a great luxury building, which destroys destructive and parasite parasites from human beings through sexual intercourse, and causes violent and violent movements of people for the pleasure and instincts occur within. There are instincts that are stronger and stronger than human will, and therefore, these instincts can be bloody, dangerous and powerful as other animals, as the animal's power. People are just animals that have the tools to explore and transmit it, but as we are animals, intelligence is not always used to be seen around us. The film opens in a very thrilling and shocking way that an angry man shows an angry man when he is angry with the horse and waits for the race to continue, but his rage and apparent lust appear in his eyes and in his violent actions are the main elements of this beginning and why, not the approach of alleged organs. Horse fire is a monster fighting almost an unbearable fire, stronger than heat, because there is no control at that point anymore. The power of the revolution makes a beast a monster. <br /> <br /> The characters will be presented after the beginning of the memory, and there are small innocent children who grow up in all the necessary age groups in the movie, to grow flowers that are part of their lifestyle, to develop and create the face of human life on the screen. A movie does not need more characters because all the important ones already exist and represent the entire race, city, and village, and both sexes. The kiosk hero gives the girl the sexuality, the horses she sees with couplings, and surely she behaves as if she never thought. For the first time, it is important to see and thrill something and to get to the water when you are thirsty, it is very important for yourself and your body. The transformation of the girl is a very important factor in the film. Because mom and daughters lived with something unknowingly beside the camera and the comrade, the moments seemed to be momentous. Flesh desires the body and applies to humanity, but still everything is not so easily understood, and films that try to describe them for decades are banned? <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film is also important as the beginning and once again demonstrates how strong the film is. without the needless words and conversations. As the girl and the audience realize what her body feels and wants, she begins to dream about the mysterious creature, living in the woods with no other animals or animals close to her, except for our own dressing. The imaginary sequence, along with a general straight and honest approach to the film, has caused and caused the majority of disputes, and the images are "perverted" and "pornographic", with no boldness to go deeper than them. The characteristic reactions and thoughts that we see. The images are thrilling in the dream and ultimately sleep (more) in the human character, and Borowczyk forces us to accept us with pictures of a "normal" sex between a man and a woman, a beautiful thing and love, another man. Also, in the dwelling between the young mother and the black servant, in a numerous and cleverly darkened manner, she casts out a few times as if screaming for fans of humorous love, and there is no doubt that the true image of the two young men with corpses and an angry craving is at least does not come. Borowczyk is able to reminisce his pictures in such a beautiful and "sensitive" way, and it is almost impossible to say that his message is wrong, but nothing in our culture or our thoughts criticize art. <br /> <br /> <strong> <br /> <br /> <strong> <br /> /> <strong> The end is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence was dramatic and could be stronger than the "discovery" ends. Another strange humorous element comes when we see shocking urban women escaping from where they've seen a bit more of what they're looking for! They visited the palace, the palace of truth and us and them. The film reminds me that French writer Georges Bataille's Story of the Eye, erotism, death, and the nature of our body are always. <br /> <br /> The Borowczyk movie is also very beautiful and beautifully written along with it. Fair honesty, nature and forest seemed rarely very bright and bright as it was in this movie. The sun is shining through people's trees and the place where living beings live, and its beauty always exists, but the ugliness of the world's inhabitants is so evident. For every innocent white sheep, there is an egotist, a bad and horrible animal in our world, and the intelligence given to us never totally destroys the power of our instincts and the other side of the sheep in the soul of every human being. . It manages how to keep the dark side passive and not active. Some of our instincts are not a bad thing, and using this intelligence, they can be provided without the instincts of good and bad, without the use of violence, violence, and deadly and destructive circles. People are not an intelligent animal, but an intelligent mind for forgetting and forgotten things that are happening to each other and maybe suddenly better and happier. Borowczyk is a work of the film, an old theme of an unforgettable and clever magic cinema, and is an example of how a filmmaker can express and speak.
