Okay ... that's a strange thing .... Honestly, I do not want to talk to you, if you do not have anything in the first 45 or more minutes, it's definitely to "collect" <br /> <br /> There is a monster in the woods behind. Finally, you'll see the "BEAST" which looks like a boy dressed in a giant rats bear costume with a horse cock. A scene disappears with an aristocratic woman working around the forest looking for a lost sheep. Sheep is dead, she is afraid of her. The LIGHT opens, shoots the dwarf with a rifle and charges 400 kopecks on it. Finally, some charming new-looking simulation of the erotic footsteps that the woman's legs stuck with when the chick petals everywhere creates a bigger burden, and some pretty new simulations begin to get the "attention" of the animal that leads to sex scenes (yes, I have a twisted foot fetish - answer ....) ... The whole film is explained in the flashbacks and long-term dialogue scenarios they are thinking of being a little tiring. A "shock" but predictable ending will end this extremely strange movie ... <br /> <br /> BEAST is a film that is difficult to rate. The cinematography itself is pretty beautiful and the sets, suits and location are accurate. Assassination is a bit complicated, and it is a serious challenge for things that cause such a talented movie about a chick that feeds on a rats beetle. A good couple of chests, donkeys and 70 French bags to organize the dull first half of the movie. Honestly, I would say that if there were no scenes from the BEAST's attacking scenes on any girl, this movie would be a real laugh - an unresponsive dialogue and some graphic horse shooting of two horses, including a female fire vagina, including a fever and a tear very close and personal scene ... YUM !!!). But the scenario of the BEAST sex is so strange that there is such a contradictory change from the rest of the film, so I think scenes are just something else to be a real snoozer. I should recommend this to everyone who thinks they are all seeing - BEAST's rape is really there and is something to be a witness. Also recommended for fans of 70/80 sleaze films - this is quite high. There is an eye for those who are sick of bearded beastiality (like me) ... 8/10
