Many people watch the German films in silhouettes of silent and early sound when thinking of expressionist movies - the slimmer and darkest extreme contrasts, the slimmer use of light and darkness, and srealist use to create inconvenience - the atmosphere to distinguish between the traditional and natural methods of kinematic representation. If the Germans admit that they are not the only cinematographers to create an expressionist film (and the above-mentioned features are not prerequisites for an expressionist film), I am the main example of this type of film from Dodes'ka (DKD). <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD does not open up for a Kurosawa movie, dabbling as it is, is unreal. But DKD, unlike Dreams, is a great movie and is probably my favorite Kurosawa picture. Why? Basically, in my opinion, the colors. It was the first color film of Kurosawa, and I believe that a human being is creating an entirely unusual, modern Japanese, selling the movie with its basic colors. We shine on neon lamps and Tokyo skyscrapers; we were accustomed to a city painted with pencils. <br /> <br /> The DKD, as I said, is a peculiar film that many of its characters live in a cabbage that appears to live in an alternative universe. That is, I think, this is the outsider of Tokyo, the people behind the Great Movement after the Second World War. The film is also one of Crocodile's sincere films; Here is the true sensitivity and original pato (where the boy's father describes his dream home). Very striking, a movie that is incredibly moving from a man known for John Ford's vistas and samurais. Everyone should know that Kurosawa is a movie that he thinks of and tries to think about him (For example, Foreshadows for the sensual resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will claim that Kurosawa is the greatest achievement ever to the end. Though his samurai films are, compared to Kobayashi's works (Hara-Kiri's most intelligent, smartest samurai loyal to celluloid), are fierce images. Rashoman, Hidden Gala, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all wonderful films, but they are simply good (and, of course, this is a very generous to the secret castle and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie like İkiru. They have crown jewels showing that Akira is not a single trick samurai pony. They reveal their art and cinema work.
