Akira Kurosawa did something wrong with making Dodes'ka a joint venture with four knights (the other three Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big blockbuster at the start of their partnership, and instead, Kurosawa, the group's chief cheese, delivered a series of abstract, humanistic art films, featuring many symbols of character that lived in an unbroken peak of darkness. In 1971, the suicide attempt went to another studio, which made itself even more independent, but that was because of other financial and creative challenges. One day as an artist stop Kurosawa giving his humiliating insights into his dramas: the strong soul of the human soul on the hard side. <br /> <br /> <strong> The item in Dodes'ka-den comes from, but this is not the way it usually comes from the director, and is largely driven by character rather than character. There are things that happen to these people, and the problem of Kurosawa here is to make them a whole mix of them. Rokkuchan, a brain chain wandering around the clock, has a damaged human-beast, train sound ("heading"), but sometimes it ceases to pray to his mother, but after a while, We have branches: father and son, last and sleepless home cooking for the restaurant, with the peculiar description of the site and its passers-by, the old man's death, and then we learn that he has a lot of people, including a woman with a past he lost much more than he would include; a shy, calm woman who hires himself (or his uncle, I'm not sure) throws him away; <br /> <br /> People around these heroes There are two drunken ones, who run around every night, like clockwork, put heavy demands on their comrades, n (not missing) them! There is a sweet, but strange relationship with a seductive quiet woman, a bicycle salesman. And, of course, there is a gossip group of ladies throwing around an irrigation hole in the middle of the slum, as it is not really nice to talk to anyone when it's not about an erotic thing with a guy. Kurosawa first took a picture to mark all these; It's a post-apocalyptic that looks at a certain time or place (until we see a few photographs of modern cars and streets). It is a marginal society, but these people's troubles are fagical areas that have been brought to a dramatic force. Like Berkman, Kurosawa comes out with a scene as if she were sitting in silence, like a woman with a fatal look, with a ghostly sight, especially in one place, to split her emotions. <br /> Sometimes there are charms, even some laughs with these people. I enjoyed Rockkuchanla (especially in the Kurosavian community as an artist in the street) with crunching silence, with a small moment or face. While Kurosawa has allowed some of its actors to decorate, camera movements remain as if they were always patient, but exciting, extensive composition and claustrophobic shooting, artist images, and sometimes even a silent drama styling. Sometimes it stands out among the strange and touching stories, particularly Kurosawa, which is particularly sad for some of his car (his father and son in the car) and one of his paintings is his first painting in Eastmancolor as one of his paintings. Soft, sprawling, sometimes overwhelmed over the segments, but with a few controls it is not necessarily "light"; As you can see, as seen in the content, as it appears, it appears to be seen, as you can see, as seen. <br /> <br /> It is a brilliant, hard two-tier sword that allows intonations like sleep to be so dramatic. <br /> <br /> Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran) with his sweet "movie" account and a few unforgettable scenes in the whole fantastic career, is a small job from Dodeca himself, though, in turn, perfect, with the many Kurosawa dramas like this, and the Red Beard keeps the hard truths in human condition without much fidelity.
