Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon drew two films together for two years. One is considered to be one of the greatest romantic films of all time and the film that gave Olivier a great movie star (and Oberon gave the best performance role): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. Another movie was made a year ago in England. PEOPLE'S CHINESE A romantic comedy (romantic tragedy like WUTHERING HEIGHTS). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, a dynamic barrister, and also a total misogynist. One night a group of people looks at a hotel. It's a very foggy night (the famous "killer" in London in the 1950s, the type of pea soup known as fog) and the mass of people in need of beds (those traveling to a hotel). The leadership tries to let Logan single or two socialist lady sleep in bed and sleep in a bedroom, but she refuses. However, Merle Oberon did not consider Leslie Steele as his. The grandson of the high court judge, he regulates it to enter Logan's room and is not only content with sleeping, but to his bed (he goes to the sofa - very worried). <br /> <p> Logan Leslie found it very attractive, despite the fact that they shared the breakfast the next afternoon and reassured women in a small fashion. However, she refuses to mention her name in kittenishly. She decides to learn more about her and acts sensitive to women. Meanwhile, Logan approaches the potential customer as a rich nobleman (Lord Mere Ralph Richardson). His wife, Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) suspects in connection with an incident. In fact, she says she was with her lover in the hotel that Logan knows her Ladyship Logan is fog night. Logan (naturally) Lady Mere concludes that night she was a mysterious roommate. <br /> <br /> Leyli immediately makes a mistake of Logan and decides to use it to teach women a lesson about women. is a Wodehouse novel, but less. Still, Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes, and Morton Selden (all of Oberon's grandfather) are all spectacular. Indicates what good materials can do with even a small material. At the first scene of Selden, look at some small scenes that complained about her poor coffee, complained about her / his valet, and used it correctly (they used each other for years). Otherwise, Olivier was busy with a young officer, and two minutes earlier there were two Lady Meres at the office (but Oberon and Barnes came together) and ended up thinking that the poor writer was modest. Or the waiter at the hotel where Olivier's room could not understand why a man from a tenant woman changed a person. As I said, a small charming comedy - but very attractive.
