I flew a few years ago while surfing the channel day and night. Of course, though it was a 70th anniversary movie, the direction and score I received was sufficient, and I was really hooked up and had to watch it all the way. Recently, I had the opportunity to get the external DVDs of this movie (he had not seen anything a few months ago) and again (and completely) <br /> I do not fully understand the phenomenon, but 70 Although it seems like a lock in the horror films in the years to come, it's really scary. In the early 70's, decades have produced a few of the most beautiful films and terrifying horror symbols, but are there really scary? No, not too much. Since the 1970s, we have more fun, exciting, effective jumping moments after having got cold, more exciting, better production values ​​and enhanced special effects, and many creative uses but still ... really is not afraid! There is something about the 70s fear movies. Grain film quality. Dark scenes blended up by high-tech lighting installations. The quality of dialogue on the edge of the Dreamland and strange and tough EQ'd scores. The feeling of evolution and ugliness that hates everything. In horror, everything that works to break the films of the 1970s works for its benefit. <br /> <br /> In particular, it is a regrettable feeling that the devil dog, which has dropped people down in this movie, is a calm, powerful shot. The dog is much more effective than the more obvious way to be shadowy and open hostility ("Cujo"). Cinematographers are cleverly rescued because they appear to be totally supernatural. The effects of the times that were not in line with today's standards gave me a sense of shivering. Undefined, indefinite, "I'm not quite sure what I'm looking at" looks intuitively like a hyper-real, crystal precise optical printer / digital compositor rather than just a supernatural look <br /> <br /> In this movie While the human heroes are terrifying or are not proud of the world they live in, all actors do a decent job. Sister and brother's "Witch Mountain" films, of course, are a very boring traction cast, but it's good. Yvette Mimieux manages to be entertaining if you are always unspectacular. As the film progresses, Richard Crenna is gaining more empathy than the audience. It is wonderfully wondering whether his family's stranger really is connected to a supernatural structure or paranoid schizophrenia, although it is absurd to give an explanation regarding the occurrence of a recurring physical acquisition <br /> <br /> The last question mark of the film One of the things I've seen after tipping does not feel like cheap ghost and really <br /> <br /> The film's detectors can only say that it's a special long tool for some neo. bright retina shots, but Hey, you can say the same thing about the "Blade Runner". :-)
