Samuel Fuller is one of America's greatest filmmakers. I'm not sure if Hollywood is one of the great artists. But of course, there are those who want to go to their music with Hollywood's best specialists. When he worked at the Hollywood studio, he knew to take up the task, formed a medieval material given to him, and then quickly and efficiently turned into a part ... in time and in the budget. Pickup Point on the South Street is a situation. One of Fifties's anti-Commie films, from an early age on Hollywood, is a patriotic, hard-boiled hero, and a slim (and very sweaty) bad man's appeals. Fuller translates this bag into a drama that excites Hollywood's clichés with a series of strangers. Hero, Skip McCoy, a small stick that loses three times, with a soft fingers, does not alter its ribbons until the end. The closed girl, Candy, if you're very entertaining, it would be easy to take this step. Moe Williams, one of the most tempting characters, is a stoolie. In an unusual approach to the Hollywood Commies fight, patriotism challenges the deaf; Hero is not so enthusiastic. He just wants to pay for an individual reason, and at least to create a good person so far ... creates winds. In addition, all actors were mainly given by the studio by Fuller. I had to do this. Richard Widmark has now become the actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. It gives a beautiful portrait of a woman's sexual and tranquility, and she's no better than her boyfriends ... or her clients want her to be. Later, Richard Kiley, a double-winner of the Tony Award at Broadway, is convincingly cowardly and cowardly. <br /> <br /> <strong> It's hard to remember that the Lankaran man was an actor who gave me the presentation of the "Impossible Dream" <br /> <br /> Of course, he chooses a bag inside a subway and the Feds and the Commissions are pursuing the microfinance secrets instead of money followed by the straight economy. The whole enterprise with a classic pea appearance only takes about 80 minutes. As a screenwriter, dialogue with Fuller, part of the party, partially sharpened pulp art style. "The smell of a bread grifted ... it's good," says a character Candy at the Cross. Fuller moves from scene to field so as to keep us in the future. Fuller mouses the character of Moe Williams. The story is about to strike a new level of interest, the comedy to the party, and the sad part of it. <br /> <br /> What I love the best of the film shows how Fuller's capabilities and powers were uncovered. After 2 minutes and 15 seconds, Fuller can instantly strengthen the film, starting with credits, linking the story with us and related to any of the characters - Skip and Candy. And it is with a very attractive interest in this hottest, suburban car that Fuller can feel the hook setting to catch us. Glenn Erickson, in my opinion, one of the best movie critics, says: "What should be a story, Sam Fuller defines the fresh look of American Americans: hard neck, aggressive self-interest, wrong and true and they are not afraid to recognize and fight for it, as it is always the least likely that people in their own countries will benefit from their efforts. " True, 55 years later, it is still a live film.
