This production was produced in the mid-1980s and is the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE in cellulose. No version of the novel was ever attempted (really rich for subplots serving as dots for each other, so it would be very difficult to drown it). The novel was a single attempt to make Esther Summerson a woman, a central narrator (one of the two) by Dickens. Esther was raised by his aunt and uncle (typical Dickens style). She is illegal, but she will not say anything about her parents. Later, we are in touch with Mr Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is taking on an increasingly challenging time with her personal life and family lawyer Tulkinghorn's (Peter Vaughn) intervention. We are dealing with Richard Carstone (Esther's Wife), who is trying to win a long-haul property opportunity, even for everyone (even Richard's junior partner, Desmond Elliott). <br /> <br /> Dickens was the author of the law and then a parliamentary rapporteur before writing. Dickens got closely acquainted with the law, starting with the breaking of the word at PICKWICK PAPERS. Mr. Bumble said that he was a "donkey" in OLIVER TWIST, and Dickens was constantly supporting this meeting. TWIST is looking at cellars to commit a crime, and the law is trying to legally treat it. BLEAK HOUSE is attacking the Government and the old property law, as well as many powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes). In LITTLE DORRIT, he is attacking the debtor's prisons (he shot at David COPPERFIELD). INDIVIDUAL FRENCH He looks at testimonies and desires. In EDWIN DROP HOSPITALS, he would have gone to a seemingly murderous trial. But the novel also has other problems (philanthropy and religious hypocrisy, emotional Scottish Yard detective, social civilization, including the majority of contemporary, industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirate different people: writer Leigh Hunt, Inspector Fields in Scotland, and even notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this mini-series version. Hold it when it is re-displayed on a cable station.
