Three of the youngest generations of Gaylord, one of America's most royal families, are orphans at a young age. Before leaving for France to fight WWI, he tells his father the oldest Fiona, and never sells the land. During the sisters' adolescence, they were required to pay for the defense of their property because they were forced to vacate the majority of their money. A man named Charles Barclay stands to have Gaylord's land he wants to build a complex called Barclay Dair through the holes in his father's will. <br /> <br /> This movie is basically a melodrama of three sisters. Barclay is based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from rich families in New York City to build the Rockefeller Center. . Barbara Stanwyck is well aware that Fiona, of course, should not be regarded as one of her best roles, it looks like a cold, dominating woman and has some skeletons hidden in her. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, was delighted with a young contemporary artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my best performance in the movie. Evelyn, who played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a very ambitious charming monk with a noble blooded marriage in the UK, but does not hesitate to try his sister Gig's kidnapping. The three sisters are pretty good, but Gay Sisters's main trend is also good. Charles Barclay is performed by George Brent. He is not very good. If they were to play in a way that would be in the story, it would be economical, but it always looks horrible in the movie. This is not possible when we are asked to give sincere sympathy to the deceased. Gig Young played, huh, Gig Young. No, she does not play. What happened when the actor, Byron Barr, who was featured in several films under her previous real name, had to force her name to be more attractive by Warner Brothers. I'm not sure who gave his last choice, but eventually changed his screen name to Gig Young after he played The Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? The majority of young people are watching the film very well, but the film is about some of the regretions that are delayed in the film, which results in the loss of the audience's sincerity. <br /> <br /> Gay Sisters had a great potential to be one of the great kinematics families. Heroes are all interested in their situation. Unfortunately, the scenario is nothing more than the simplest melodrama. The film could have been fantastical if the more complicated combination of all the main characters, such as Evelyn or Susanna's competition, was getting worse or worse. Tell more about the Gaylord family. We need to think more about characters and to have more blessings with them. And the latter needed some basic fixes. Basically just refuses at the end. Fiona's problems are solved in a very bad way, which hurts. The film's progress is no matter how good its nature is. It is also very happy. This story seems to be a catastrophe, or maybe just a part of the historical significance or loss of movement. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between her two sisters and Gig is never resolved. <br /> <br /> Fiona's story is as bad as it is, Susanna, Gig and Evelyn are worse. <br /> <br /> I still love the movie. Everything is beautiful, even if it does not cover us as other great films of this era. 7/10, mainly for the potential. It should have been called, or the novel should be re-adapted during the studio period. Now it is very dated to be rebuilt. The 1950s would be the best time for movies like Giant.
