This beautiful movie was to be released the same year as Braveheart. Despite the fact that the film is a very different film, the confrontation between Scottish partners and British nobles is a front and center. It's been 400 years since Braveheart's happening to Rob Roy, but some things did not change. Scotland is still governed by English nobility, and the footholders can not hold any breaks when dealing with them. Rob Roy was hand in hand, but not Braveheart's great epic. There are no large-scale battles, and the conflict here is much higher among individuals. And in a helpful way, all English people are not described as bad at this time. Rob Roy is a film about just the ones that are honorable and really bad. <br /> <br /> Plays the role of Liam Neeson, Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his main function is to protect the livestock and monkeys of local nobles known as the Montrose Marquis (John Hurt). When things get closer to winter, things seem pretty rude for the MacGregor tribe, and seem to have no food for everyone. He is preparing a plan for getting 1000 pounds from Rob Roy Marquis and buying some of his possessions. He then used it for a higher price and used his money to improve the overall welfare of society. Is it fair enough, or is it? There are problems when Marquis's two cronies make money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the worst character in the film. This guy played in a beautiful way by Tim Roth may be a penniless sent by his mother to live with Marquis. This man is something terrible, unkind and very dangerous. He marries a child with a girl and refuses to take responsibility for the responsibility. He forced Macgregor's spouse and burned her home. This man really decayed as movie characters. Marquis (Brian Cox) Cunningham collects money together with another crony and uses it to settle his debts. Though it's painful for most people to do, Marquis still loses MacGregor. <br /> <br /> <strong > MacGregor builds the ultimate duel for one and everyone to settle a conflict between Marquis's Duke, Rob Roy and Cunningham. This sword fight was recognized as one of the best films ever made. Cunningham is thought to be the ultimate winner with speed and grace. It seems that these features will win for most of the fight. When it looks like Rob Roy, it transforms tables in a shocking way. You'll see what's happening for the first time, you'll be choked like Cunningham! Rob Roy beautifully drawn, beautiful move and perfect paced. The score is very memorable. Casting choices worked like Jessica Lange, who seemed to be out of the ordinary, really turned into one of the most powerful performances of Mary MacGregor. The film is vigorous, but very cool. But a luxury photo full of deviant behavior. The nobility is mainly played as immorality and sleazy. <br /> <br /> Hound, there is no obvious defect in the movie.
