<br /> <br /> While waiting for Ang Lee's new film, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," I saw it in the blockade and thought that I would give it a try. The civil war movie is not a typical movie that I follow. Fortunately, it was a good feeling about the director. This movie is beautifully written. Dialogue is in the old Southern style, yet it is not out of place and it is obsolete. The magnificent player helped the film aspect. Toby Maguire was awesome. I thought Pleasantville was good (but not something special), but it shines. I always thought Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but not something special), but he's also good. It was a great shocker jewel for me. He was beautiful. Jeffrey Wright, who has never heard before, is also very good in this movie. It seems to me that great handwriting and great writing and leadership are hand-delivered. An incorrectly-made movie makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie was a perfect combination. Actors look bright and character development is spectacular. This film wishes and hopes for good things for some and bad things. This really lets you know the characters that are very dynamic and interesting. The field is complex and keeps you on the edge of the place where you are sitting, guessing, and ready for anything at any time. Perhaps several times in the "very quiet" (bright guide) movie, I was convinced who was killed in the silent parts. It was a beautifully shot movie. The decoration was not able to breathe (this was a good thing in Missouri and Kansas), but paid great attention to choosing great nature settings. It has rough and firm feelings, but it keeps a very pleasant delight for the eyes. The film was deep. He told a story and said that he thought about it. There were layers under the story of this foreign civil war. In particular, it was about two characters who were not sure what they were fighting for. There were more issues in this movie. It was like a short story well written, filled with symbolism and artistic extras, leaving the thought of and during the story. Check out this movie, like great toys, posters, lots of activities and the best director! Get a chance on it.
