Gojoe, a recent Asian era, is a little slow and often curious, but it is generally a spectacular offer, exciting, lush and beautiful. I'm sorry to know almost nothing about the Buddhist philosophy or the history of Japanese history and of the legend that covers this film, so its deep meaning has been lost to me, but without a contextual knowledge, it still has an effective traditional fantasy structure high plane. The story is about Benkei, a warrior priest and is probably a devil trying to destroy the devil of the Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, after a high plane, but this time looking for a deadly demon. Thus, the film becomes a confrontation in Benkei's case, which is well-known for its impartiality, in order to confront Benkei's true nature and Prince Shanao. he wants to be. Benkei is even more challenging here, even though his dark nature is never comfortable in the open conflict, but it resembles the world. The director Sogo Ishii works with a sophisticated, frequently frenzied epic, without neglecting more sedate moments, let alone immersing the place, as well as using light and fog to give an ethereal atmosphere, but most of the film has fantasy air, out of supernatural moments, and less than a disappointing frustration, out of an ugly fantasy. Here, the Makoto Watanbe cinema is important, bright and detailed, rich evacuation. Actingwise Daisuke Ryu, Tadanobu Asano, is a dignified, powerful arrogant, like Prince Shanao, and a mysterious conscience such as Benkei is glorious and powerful. The people led by Masatoshi Nagase are just as ordinary people, intelligent and brutal, but not entirely unaware of what happened. The film is in a good place, sometimes fun with a touch, it starts slowly, some shots are drawn slightly, and epic battle scenes sometimes continue to be serious. As for the fight, it is not a lot of actual actions, it is a film shot, has a figurative effect, but it often causes dissatisfaction of individuals, frequently moving individuals and moving individuals. it is exciting to watch, but at the end I could deal with a little more tradition. Some unsuccessful cgi pours blood, in some cases works in the context but still strikes. Although they regarded this film as a great film, but it is not just one of the heroic enthusiasts looking for ordinary fans or any other Azumi, but a deeper and more mystical animal, especially when it comes to ending with a more general wing support . But for me it really is good for the place and for those who are more profitable. Good advice at all levels.
