There is a friendly warning to anyone who has not yet seen this movie: Do not wait for La Casa dell'Orco to come from any devil because you will not be able to find it here. This film is not the third installment in the "Demons" series, and it has nothing to do with it, except for Lamberto Bava. In fact, Michele Soavi's "Church" is also known for an unofficial "Demons 3", and in this case there is a deceptive subject, so go figure. Obviously, the success of the "Demons" films; Although it was clear that this was a story related to each other, they tried to deceive the audience with the wrong names. By saying this, I think it is unfair to say that it is not worth the look of "La Casa dell'Orco". Honestly, the film is incredibly atmospheric and although it is a few unfortunate moments, I think it's generally creepy. Nevertheless, I believe that this story looks like Lucio Fulci's "House of the Cemetery". Of course, this is my speculation, but I have some reliable evidence. In both films, Paolo Marco, in both films, and in both films, there is a thrilling little boy called Bobby, in both films, only one thirty-one woman in the house. seeing something really wrong in the new home, and there is really something in both films, the basement is really wrong. I'm sorry, but I can easily link both films and I do not say it as a blame. On the contrary, in my opinion, those who use the name of "Cemetery House" are probably less ambitious, less intimidating, "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel at "La Casa dell'Orco", his wife Tom and his younger son, Bobby, have gone a long way. Castle at the heart of an Italian villa named Trifiri. After leaving the beauty of this place, Charel had been there before, which is also impossible because he had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel will not be able to get his déjà vu, and the worst part is his appearance and comes with the appearance of a terrible creature with him. Tom, a very patient man at the start, advises him to go beyond unusual hallucinations and enjoy the holiday. But the woman's thoughts are more realistic, and the peace and tranquility she needs to enjoy is suddenly turned into a nightmare. <br /> <br /> The old nightmare of Karabakh's childhood is being realized and this time it will not be able to escape from the danger of the first thing. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to fill the hour, as expected, simple and ultimately an hour and a half. This La Casa dell'Orco offers more than a few minutes, including the general silence and appearance of the main character, walking around the castle for a few moments, animating the images of your childhood, and nothing else. Sometimes it gets tired, but it's not a serious thing at all. Like many Italian fears filmed in the late 1980s, this movie is incredibly elegant and effective, but the movie also offers unforgettable fun moments in an unforgettable way. For example, Charelin slipped back and threw him back into the wood as a space, hitting him with a heavy blow, in which he slipped into his bed, and instead of entering the bedroom like myself. But the funny thing was two minutes later, one of the most natural things in the world, and they were again a happy couple, as if they were alike. I know it's a fool, but I've found myself completely happy. Ogre (the obvious story) is at the same time creepy and laughable, and one of us is confused: he can make us feel confused and a bit of a laugh, who likes us a second time. This is reminiscent of Michael Jackson's "Thriller," but of course, more natural and human. But if you pay attention to the really good things I've mentioned before: The music prepared by Simon Boswell is one of the highlights and is quite the same, but it is perfectly suited and helps to create a dark atmosphere in moments of tension. In order to make a final statement on this film, I want to tell you that I can not help my darling, including minor flaws and those who love the typical Italian horror movies after the eighties. In fact, the truth is that it has all the typical and always well-received stereotypes, like a foxy local woman, who is said to be a ghost, creepy castle, a terrible mystery with a huge dark basement and a local people. try to avoid tourists with their hostility, to get away from the deserted lands. I would say "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves to have two thumbs and a hit on your husband's face to honor the heroine of the story. Why buy this movie and enjoy it?
