"Anchor Aweigh" is a product of the classic MGM music production unit and the whole movie is delightful? Jule Styne and others are good music, perfectly dance by Gene Kelly (and even a passable job by Frank Sinatra) and a funny good tempo script. <br /> <br /> The only key element that Catherine Grayson will ever criticize is that he always exposed the presence of a film in an infinite pseudo-operative battle that was a small miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly is a man who has a myth around the ship with a lover on the boat, but subordinates to the existence of a less deceiving friend, called the Clarence (Sinatra), a non-permanent Middle American cleric. After receiving a three-day beach trip to rescue Clarence's life, Joe would not agree to find a girl based on suspicious circumstances that she had owed anything to Clarence's life. They are compiled by a police officer (Rags Ragland) who needs them to co-operate with numerous young men (Dean Stockwell) who want to join the Navy while returning to the Spider-Susan (Grayson) home. <br /> <br /> Some time ago, Klarin wanted to name a "Teyze Susan", but eventually Kelly's character emerged as a candidate. <br /> <br /> There are a few unique music scenes, but there is nothing to come close to Kelly's most famous work. "Singin in the Rain" and "America in Paris". The closest we go is a cunning sequence of Kelly's character with a fantastic sequence of mice from the "Tom and Jerry" dancing with Jerry (though he is closer to a dog or cats than a mouse). This is a stunning sequence of time, but there is not really enough complexity or feeling to stop the time test. At the beginning of the animation, I really enjoyed the use of Kelly's half ballet movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see it's a tunnel dance that looks like something right. Finally, the characters go to Susana's favorite bar, Tijuana in the state of a somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant / bar. Luckily, mates allowed Mrs. Grayson to leave his aria, and management, Clarence and Joe's "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing with a slightly humorous touch). Of course, they did not meet with "friendly" Iturbi, and they tried to reach the length of the film (Sinatra's character is dogmatic, but for a piano tuner it is wrong to leave the tunic piano and have a professional career), entering the studio and Hollywood casino, Iturbi is the place where they make a true symphony of dozens of young pianists. You have not seen anything like this "1000 Libra Dr. T". Iturbi itself is a figure of a god in the story? it is the opportunity of salvation from the difficulty of unfulfilled jobs and fame and artistic achievement for the hero. Everyone is 100% sure that Mr. Iturbi Ms. As he grayson, his operative career is a reality. The three main characters are desperate to reach him and think of him as a remote and remote mythological kind? Many of the film's appeal and humor, in contrast to this perception, maestrouns down-to-earth "real" behavior. Speaking about the contributions made by "Iturbi", the orchestral interpretation of the Essex Serenade also provides a very stimulating music moment. <br /> <br /> If all this is said and done, musicians want to kidnap. Most of the music is written for this film, which is a great distinction from recycle sounds for other Kelly characters like "Rain" and "America". Kelly is also the first peak of her tough and exciting dance and character interpretation. Sinatra's voice was not a better one, and it rarely had better songs to read. Stockwell is a charming addition to the tribe, and the character of Grayson is glad if not on the stage. Iturbi, the classic period, adds a well-balanced but enhanced tonal that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of MGM music. This is one of the better ones.
