The cinematic phenomenon, mentioned in the eighties and early 90s, is the number of Oscars who play physical or mental disabilities. The first was awarded the Marlee Matlin's "Lesser Children of God" award in 1986 and won a "Best Actress Award" (Holly Hunter for The Piano in 1994) and at least five Best Actresses "" Dustin Hoffman "Rain Man" in 1988, Daniel Day-Lewis for "My Left Foot" in 1989, Al Pacino in 1992 for "Women's Scent", "Forrest Gump" and Tom Hanks, Geoffrey Rush for "Brightness" in 1996) Matlin, who plays an ear lady, is not deaf, but all others are used. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon has revealed some negative interpretations it was recognized that these awards were given more political credibility than the actor's quality.Jodie Foster did not win the "Best Actress" for Nell in 1994, and some people justified this as an argument against such an image. The majority of the disasters were well worth it: the 1992 award was not passed to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey, but Pacinho did not agree that he would be Hanks and Nigel Hawthorne's "The Madness of the Madness" King George. In the film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> "My Left Foot" was based on the biography of an Irish writer and artist Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of the working class Dublin family. He was born with cerebral palsy and thought he was primarily mentally disabled. For a long time he was unable to move or speak deliberately, but he eventually discovered that part of the body could control the movements of the left leg (hence the name). He learned to write and draw while holding a piece of chalk between his fingers and went to become a novelist and poet, a painter and publisher. <br /> <br /> From the mid-30s, life in Dublin can be challenging, and the city Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows a very different dark, gray, happy place, a very different place. From the normal idea of ​​"Emerald Island". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated in a film titled "In the Name of Daddy" with an Irish theme). Nevertheless, there must be the happiness and the spirit of his people, especially the Brown family. Many of Christy's successes did not want her to be like a dryer for her parents' support and to be like the secret intelligence and brotherhood of a crippled neighbor. Our brothers used to use it to tune it up with a specially designed car, and they were shown to help Christy build their own yard. <br /> <br /> The film was simply drifted into sentimentality and ended with just one heart-warming film, "Victory over difficulty." This is due to many factors, primarily due to the magnificent action. Throughout his career, Day-Lewis has given a number of beautiful performances, but this is best with the Blood in the last days. Never 100% convincing as Christie; torture, crushing movements, and effort make us convinced that we are really watching a person with disabilities, though we know that Day-Lewis has the power to do so. Different performances Fiona Shawden mentor Dr Eileen Cole, Christy's mother from Young Hugh O'Conor and Brenda Fricker (Best Supporting Actress). <br /> <br /> Another reason for avoiding the sentiment of the film is that it does not try to centrifugate its main character. Christy Brown was a difficult life, but he also could have been difficult to live, and the film gives us "warts and all" portraits. He was a heavy drinker who gave a bad language and caused strange anger. It can also be indifferent and manipulative to those around it, and the film shows us all these aspects of its character. Of course, it also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, determination and humor. Day-Lewis's actions are not physically convincing, because it encourages us to believe in the nature of his character, but also conveys the feeling and thinking, which reveals all these various aspects of Christy's character. His Oscar won over Robin Williams and Kenneth Branag's teeth in the teeth of a very powerful opposition, but that was worth it. 8/10
