Behind the bars, despite the content of Shakespeare, a strange revival documentary. LaGrange, the Luther Luckett Correctional Complex, the convict in Kentucky, the aggressor, and so on. and they find something that really enjoys and is important, popular and functioning by bad guys in an open-air environment. The theme of "The Shovshanka Tribulation" is parallel to their institutional nature and their past lifesaving and seeking for forgiveness. We pay attention to the generous, self-confident, and forgiving reputation, and reputation, that every year in William Shakespeare's selected game (around this time, the 'Tempest', a timely description of prisoners, ) we get acquainted with every good actor who is well-prepared and interviewed by the actor. Each actor has his own story, and explains why they regret their regrets and reasons in a sensible way with any melancholic music in a traditional documentary sense. The most powerful and respected prisoner (apparently) Sammie. The director immediately understands that the most interesting prisoners are inside Sammie (and then, Hal) and immediately allow people to be more observant of their identity and identity. His presence is on the screen and his personal traces come as a shock to the audience, but he is attracted to it with a sense of emotion and a special feeling of empathy. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has something else to do to pass the time displayed as a casual hobby, running on the site news broadcaster. Again, with private talks and discoveries made by the State (and not just the fact that Hal's body language is closer, it's not just an observation, but others), especially the heart, it was shown in the society that she would not accept her as homosexual, as it was in the film, and that she was extremely indifferent to the other prisoners in the game. Rona, in particular, has a frustrating temperament in her work. The relationship between all prisoners in the game is shown as one of the highest respect and unity to achieve a great deal for themselves. Themes and so on. When passing through with nice (if klichel) actions? Everything seems to go right in the first move and then build up for public performance, things go unexpectedly wrong. An expression that replaces one of the transferred actors and his character with a smaller, more recent prisoner gives a good subplot to those who promise a great promise, but ultimately imagines them all and does not live up to their expectations. Particularly, a prisoner (Big-G) welcomed the new imprisoned actor (Rick) with an open will to turn him into a loved experience and make a good role model with hope. The film shows the passion of each prisoner in a good way to keep the audience in a good way, especially with Rick's "Hole" to get new tattoos (a pre-written thing with a good thing when stopping a casual prisoner in a watchtower) and a tattoo and then asking him and learning that he is a criminal offense) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. A happy ending? While all this is successful (even when invited to invite someone else), it looks beautiful and there is a real sense of unity around them, but at the end of the film, everyone has been short-lived or wants to ask for it and will always be deprived of them. They will be returned to prison for the payment of these offenses and will not be free people, regardless of the payment they want to use, their proud speeches and recognition will be violated by the fact that low criminals are the lowest, playing a long corridor and playing a strong contrast with the shutting down of the lights and closing doors. illustration. The director was aware that following the end of the film, he was watching the people you love in a documentary that each actor gave additional information at the end of the movie about the places and the end of the movie.
