This film is fully re-imagined by Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The Valentine's are from Tel Aviv and the other one from Nablus. There is a border between them and a permanent war situation with the Israeli army presents bomb attacks on Palestinian militants everywhere and everywhere. The situation is painful enough. Love can imagine this great loveless trap. But the film goes off with a few light years, imagining the ghost of two lovers, Ashraf from Noel Tel Aviv and Nablus. Tel Aviv is accepted for gay. Nablus has limitations. Conflict between the two nations is doubled by a confrontation between two societies, two cultures, and two ethics. But even though the war did not bring some additional expenses, it could have been alive. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally said that his sister was gay. He can not accept it, but he accepts to speak later. The newly married couple sends a commando to a bomb attack on Tel Aviv. Tel Aviv is being held in a cafe and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Not bad enough. The Isareli army sent Nablus a commandant to capture the responsible person of this attack, but it was acidic and killed in the corpse of a newlywed spouse. Follows the fun of the funeral. Husband and widow relatives for suicide bomber attack. To get Ashraf volunteers replaced. His hungry lover comes to kill and kill several people to return to Tel Aviv. He came to dinner at some of Noah's friends. But Noam sees him and goes out to speak to him. Ashraf returned to the middle of the street and blew himself up when Noam reached the street. Revenge combines two lovers with death. So, we have bilateral conflicts, but we have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can apply peace, or even worse, the prince parties and think of being in the Israeli side. The game is completely lie and convinced death on both sides. But the size of the impossible love is all strong, because a game in the movie, a game of love in Auschwitz, a yellow star between two prisoners, and a second pink triangle. Auspicious love from Auschwitz: a surprisingly powerful and breathtaking shock. The film shows that love is impossible in Tel-Aviv or Nablus. The film is thus a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine, although it can not continue, although there are no reasons to continue, although there are thousands of reasons to continue. We have never been to the UK before long. Today we have to find a solution that no one will be humiliated. It will only succeed if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. But so far, everyone has been trying to avoid general confrontation and debate that prefers bilateral manipulation. Thus, suffering will continue and love will be restricted, of course, so that children do not have to co-ordinate because they have to go for war: so we can prepare less soldiers. But love is just an extra terrain concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Culardeau, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
