It is difficult for Israeli director Eytan Fox and the movies describing life in the Middle East and homosexual problems for the problems in these areas. He also noted the presence of people in both Israel and Palestine, giving younger generations a voice in a remarkable part of the people who really need peace and who do not want to warn about war. For these reasons, in my opinion, Foxa is enough to think of the attention of a noteworthy filmmaker in his sense of melodrama's sense of control. Fans of the film (Gal Uçovsky, his producer, co-writer and co-writer) have the same success as the previous YOSSI & JAGGER of THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), and its new feature. In fact, there is a lot better than the two Shakespeare's youngest lovers in Verona, instead of Verona, with Tel Aviv and two men (one Israel and another Palestinian), a modern gay version of Romeo & Juliet. . In fact, he chose to live with two co-tenants, a boy, and a girl, the balloon of the headline, Fox's regularly played by Ohad Knoller (Yossi & YAGGER in Yossi, but Jagger's surprised Jehu Levi!). Eight-year-old, uninteresting, witty and around the company had never lived a life other than the war, despite the fact that he had only served as a national service at a crossing with a Palestinian border. The two boys are gay and with the girl they love each other, loving and supporting each other. Noam is forced to change his life when he is in love with a young Palestinian Ashraf (TV star, Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), living in Tel Aviv. The laws within the group are not without the will of a friend, but negligent. It will not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is secretly in Israel, and his family, living in Palestine and who does not know that he is gay, is eagerly awaiting his wedding. Ashraf's favorite brother, Boudun-to-be, is a terrorist and not just for two, but ultimately responsible for the development of the assassination. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (exciting dualism, not automatic) are stubborn and therefore tragedy is inevitable. Despite the attention paid to the obstacles faced by Noam and Ashraf, the film was written well (for example, Yelli's comrade Golan, Noam's comrades, alongside other lively writings) (later described as a sweet and open-minded person) secondly, we should not take into account the funny Zohar Liba and Daniela Virtzer, who loves the daughter of the gang, and Lior Ashkenazi, the star of LITERARY LIGHT, appears to be herself in a community. Combines magnificent tones with those who are more brilliant, even the director can not do without melodramatic results. I watched this movie for more than a month, and I prove that Fox and his host are hated to attack the house.
