Since the development of literature, people of all nationalities were surprised and easily touched by the accounts of unhappy love. There can be no more tempting, tales of love, which is not always possible. The latest film by Israeli director Eytan Fox's "Bubble" is not about it, but the film's name is the "political turmoil" of Tel Aviv, Israel. The cosmopolitan and informal capital of the country has nothing to do with Nablus, the Palestinian West Bank, in the film. There is not much in Palestinian hotspots with a tense and hateful atmosphere. In fact, it does not seem very common with something around it. The "bubble" of Tel Aviv allows people to have a lifestyle that is different from your expectations in any Western city. Britney Spears "is looking for a lifestyle magazine, watching some of the most expensive things in the next, the fashionable cafes, the famous Capua cupons and other similar fashionable drinks, while those at home watch the local pop editions of Pop Idol. This" bubble " The film is developing around the lives of three young Israeli people who share a flat and often run away from politics. "Yello, the camp owner and manager of Orna & Ella, is rarely separated from the city by a hip cafe and surrounding them he likes to think purple. " Noam seems to be a kind of gentleman, a gentleman of a record store, something that does not want to be involved in long political discussions and thoughts. Lulu is limited to a single woman, but rather to the Israeli Left, but his political activity is limited to preventing the occupation. "Yeli and Noam are naturally not objectionable to joining them, and their political associates are wearing t-shirts with rave logo, placards, the main concern of them is that no real Palestinians are involved and that they are coming to the police and that is a fun thing for them all, and the best thing that comes to the true confrontation is that it is not known that they are trying to prevent drums with those who are friends with the Palestinians, , Bubble ". <br /> <br /> The opening scenes of the film lead us to a crossing point on the road to Nablus, where it carries Noah's reserve. A group of Palestinians are under control before entering Israel. Noam and finally a doctor who came to an ambulance have a pregnant woman who suddenly gave birth and died child. The woman then had the joy of a young man set to go to Noam's door in Tel Aviv and had fallen victim to an accident on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestine and he is gay. And he did not just lose his identity, he came to see Noam. Although he has no hesitation in living in Israel and dwelt on Noam's first reaction, he remains. Soon he gets a Jewish name and job in Yelli's cafe. When he grew up in Jerusalem with Jerusalem, he did not have an Arabic emphasis on the identity of his and his close friends. The sky is light blue and the weather is sweet. But it can not continue. At one point, Noam and Ashraf look at a game called Bent, about two prisoners who had a love affair at the Ashraf Nazi Concert. Environmentalists are never physically or physically visible. At a different level, a metaphysician finds a way to get together at a level that one does not reach elsewhere. This is where our couple ended. <br /> <br /> "Bubble" is a political statement similar to the explosion when it comes to today's Israeli political realities, not today's Israel. Background of a beautiful and magnificent love story about Israel and the Palestinians is a place where there is no compromise or other colors apart from black and white, the story of an impossible love story in a divided world. "Bubble" is shown by the eyes of people who live in Tel-Aviv, a gay and a plain, strange city, really caring for them. The structure of the film may be defective, and the fatal chain of events can be slightly interpreted, but strong message and emotional impact can not be overwhelmed.
