While the Israeli / Palestinian conflict continues and the world is aware of the violence surrounding the two countries, there is a clue of another aspect of the division - a group that wants peace and removes division. Eytan Fox has chosen BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah') to describe a story that contains a very good alternative to swelling, a beautiful humor, a great deal of love and a taste of brutal truth. <br /> <br /> There are three guest rooms in Tel Aviv: Lulu (Daniela Virtz), a beautiful young woman with strong thoughts; Working on a popular café, a very 'out' gay young man, Yale (Alon Fridman); and Noam (Ohad Knoller) is a nice, somewhat embarrassed person who, in addition to the daytime work in a music department, is a member of the National Guard, and therefore, as a watchman at the city's checkpoints. On this weekend, he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yosef 'Joe Sweid) and meets mutual attraction. The three companions are "Yali Ashrafi hires a cafe" and "Yali" and "Lulu", though Ashraf (nicknamed Israel) and Ashraf and Noam are in love. It's all good until Ashraf's wedding is back home. Ashraf, who lives in Tel Aviv, may be open to Noam, but life is different in Jerusalem: Ashrafa should marry her sister's groom. In an attempt to escape Ashraf's fate, Noam and Lulu hid themselves as French journalists to enter Ashraf. At the time of review, Noam and Ashraf discovered kissing by the groom, and this act led to blackmail for Ashraf to remain 'secret'. <br /> <br /> Young people in Tel Aviv dance at an event to draw attention to the equality of peace. There is an attack on Jerusalem - not just at the same time, but at the same time, Ashraf is expected to take revenge. The latter is a tragedy at many levels, and it emphasizes the seriousness of the problem between the two countries. <br /> <br /> Acting is very naturally, from the comedy and tragic aspects, the audience fully believes in these wonderful young people. The story finds a good balance between serious and tiring ones, and Eytan Fox is such a great writer / director. More people need to watch this important and very beautiful movie. Hebrew, Arabic, and English subtitles. Grady Harp
