I'm going to strike in Israel in the spring, and I started seeing this incredible movie. A little warning before starting the writing: I speak good Hebrew, so there is no problem in the Hebrew regions; Only a quarter of the movie (slightly less) in the Arabic language, and I could not understand a little bit of this subtitled bit. This, in spite of my understanding of my film, caused me to avoid some jokes that caused some strong laughter in the theater. <br /> <br /> After many American cinema, Homosexual kinship and relationships reflect the longevity and tolerance of others; <br /> <br /> The film opens at a gateway to the Israeli-Palestinian border; Nevertheless, "Bubble" is superior to others with a perfectly functioning, intelligent dialogue and a proper political climate. Within minutes, we're not sure about the type of movie we're on. However, this is an important part of the film's power. The political situation and excessive tension in the air are in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as a character in this film. Constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. Skyline and urban development are critically criticized and eventually develop along with the urban film. Film Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe Sweid), serve as a fixed foil in Tel Aviv and Palestine. We always know that our relationships are forbidden, and it rarely creates an immediate feeling of kinship. Love is incredibly strong and stands as the main focus of the film. The secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: The ultra-blue and gray-haired gollier of the highly-fertile restaurant, Yuef's Joe Sweid, is a particularly fun source of communication with Golan (Zohar Liba). All the delicate artwork and cinematography are very striking in the film: The first camera in the movie's love area gives a male character for oral sex for Lulu (Daniela Virtzzer) and is released to Noam and Ashraf. Question: The crowd of many people is an expression of all these relationships of love. <br /> <br /> It would be a tragedy to give more of the storyline, but we know that many political tensions and tragedies touching the political climate of the current world, so instead of focusing on intelligent dialogue. While watching this movie in the second part, I could not stop laughing. Among the special entertaining lines, gay suicide bombers are an example of Baptist Sampson as buying virgin women or men in the sky and the world's first suicide bombers. This dialogue rarely shows the special purity and reality that is seen in Kino. The music used in the film is particularly strong. Music is used only when legitimate listening or listening to heroes, and music is weakening on one scene when a headphones are lost and the other is canceled. Such small elements really enhance the film. <br /> <br /> I could not recommend more for a movie; The cathartic and very well-prepared movies are a wonderful work.
