What else can I say? <br /> <br /> Speaking about US freedom of theater (with the release of the new Blu-ray Disc version), the US was so bad that it's faster and more affordable than HK cut, background music, Hik-Hik changed their music to hip-hop music; and cut off many horrific scenes. But the dubbing was a tremendous task because they were trying to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. However, the problem is that Hak Hap (Black Mask) is filmed and dark, terrible, very uncomfortable and totally horrible. Unfortunately, US freedom simply did not erase the creams they wanted but, on the contrary, completely changed the sensitivity of the movie (HK version was up to 18+) was funny and amateur. <br /> <br /> Now release the original HK. This film is a prototype of the entire "matrix" tide and era, like a hidden stone. Although the martial arts scenes were awesome, the camera work was a bit "old school" among HK films. But the style of the movie is a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. Together with all leather, black costumes and ornaments, this film is a superhero with a black mask with a black mask against a single-mill mill mill of multinational super-soldiers brought by a punk heavy metal rock star director. Yes, it sounds like a poor child's imagination, but it works. It is surprising that the whole film will give nightmare together with foreigners fighting the bloody battle of their skin coats. In 2002, they continued with a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was, because Li and Liu were the main characters of the film and had strong personalities and fascinate friendship. And what happened to celebrate Francois Yip? His round kick was absolutely cool, because he did not use a stunt in all the battles, but rather cold than the bumper boss. Did I tell you that I was smoking hot? Anyway, there are many things to love about the movie. <br /> <br /> Along with that, the film also suffered from many problems. First, this is a mediocre script based on its best potential, meaning that the production team deserves better screen burners. There are many peaks in all 100 minutes, but they often feel very emotional and do not give the audience feelings (the US version was even worse because all character development was interrupted). Anyway, a funny inspired action film can not ask too many questions. Also, this movie is completely inaccurate for children. If you were under 20 years old, I would not advise you. Blood, gore, sado-maso suits, extreme cruel violence and so on. It is saturated with content that is disturbing. In addition to the style of the movie, heavy metals can be called a ghost for fans of rock music and action. (US cut was softer, but if you want to see it, see HK version.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, hidden, worthless, mature.
