In 1999, according to the Straight Story, David Lynch was featured in his first film, which did not take into account the regular theme of the film. Take a look at a single story that Lynch will direct on the occasion of a man's true story and a visit to his outsider at John Deere '66 square. However, when the story develops, some of Lynch's commercial engagement motives may appear. <br /> <br /> Lynch's smaller city, America and its residents, is still Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks, but the most striking difference is the strangely insignificant. The restrictions imposed on you are one of the few live action movies I think of the features of the film's G rating. However, these incredibly important films are based on evidence that fine and important family films can be produced. <br /> <br /> Straight Story was the first feature that Lynch did not have any handwriting. For many Lynch guys this was a big negative point. Almost universalized, critically acclaimed by James Brundage on filmcritic.com, is not a Lynch film focused on these criticisms. "Lynch struggles in the mold of a G-Rated story that is not herself." Brundage says, with the protagonist Alvin Straight, "sells lines straight from Confucious." He claims that the story is weak and that the dialogue is worse. But this is a criticism that many movies will read. It's not Lynch in Eraserhead, Lost Highway, or Mulholland Drive; it's true that all the movies I named, Straight Story, are not a different side of Lynch, and that's not terrible. If you are a Lynch admirer, it is important to distinguish this side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and thoughtful, which means the true meaning of the hero. his appointment. Alvin recalled her lasting past and her relationship with her husband, her children and her brother. However, there are no flashbacks that are particularly important, which will increase the negative effects of my conversations with my dad and my dad. As a result, a slow beater sees a stream as watching a falling ship down and is good to watch. The US landscapes are highlighted and Angelo Badalamenti is eager to go to America with a beautiful soundtrack. The plays also play a role and Richard Farnsworth plays a great role. His Oscar nomination was very worthy and was a shame that he had earned. But it's the best brave song for any actor. <br /> <br /> While Straight Story does not have one of Lynch's complex stories and trademarks, the movie is an interesting characteristic of obsolescence and is highly recommended!
