Queen Victoria is a misfortune for appointing Victoria as a historical figure for her relationship with men. He was recognized as "Ms Melbourne" until Prime Minister Lord Melbourne was under the influence of his throne. After Albert 's death, Albert was called the Windsor Duke, and a few years later, a long friendship with Scottish gillist John Brown won him the nickname "Mr. Brown." The reality is somewhat different and the "Young Victory" is straightforward to describe the victory as a clever and independent young woman who is aware of the inequality in society and the court. Courts have always been jealous, intentional and anti-planning, naked and sometimes openly charged. An 18-year-old innocent, Victoria was raised to the throne of his uncle and, therefore, encouraged the intrigue and power struggle between Prime Minister Lambert Melbourne and his opponent Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne has cut off a new style as a human being in an old School of Public Education. And then it is not surprising that the young queen is in awe of her, and even a bit of a fear that she exploits a fascinate line between initiatives and strife attempts to reinforce Victoria's policies against a better judgment. Within the Arena, Prince Albert is dedicated to the political approach of the King of Belgium Leopold to the United Kingdom and to the rest of Europe. Initially a reluctant suit, she soon fell in love with the English queen and palliates the influence of politicians and residents. "Young Victoria" is a beautiful photo, a bright winner and a very beautiful film. Let's note that a film about the English royal 19th century film is sitting in the Indian Empire and its family's dirty workplace ........ I do not think so. I have to divorce the beautiful Miss Emily Blunt, which reminds me of the beauty of Prince Margaret. Everyone plays a clear role, and despite the strengths of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet, Walter is much more experienced than anything else. The music is regulated in a mild way and is a part of the film without any distortion. The fact that Britain's two great queens, Elizabeth I and Victoria, are more likely to be feminists, but why are you really worried about Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's feelings? into.
