Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is fitted to the throne of England. His current king, Jim Broadbent, is not good and has not lived long. However, Wiki's spouse Anne, Duchess of Miranda (Miranda Richardson) and her assistant John Mark (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign documents declaring that they are "children" until they're only 20 years old. age. Young lady again, John refuses to collide him. Victoria's country is another sign of strong will and deep love. However, when William arrives shortly after he is 21, Victoria knows that he has a heavy duty. First, he must cover himself with the "right" consultants to manage it wisely. She chooses the beautiful lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), although an elderly man is celebrated as a contender for Vicky. He brings us to the second basic decision of the young queen. The future younger queen should choose a future spouse, because it will bring stability to her life and kingdom, because a heir should appear in recent years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some of the relatives of the English royal family also illuminate some of their plans. The Handsome Prince Albert of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty (Rupert Dostu) was postponed by his father to sue a young Englishman. When he comes to the palace once, he is shaken and his sense of interaction appears. But is he a small player on the royal mapping chart, can he succeed in winning his heart? This is a beautiful film, and has been further improved by a performance that is absolutely won by Emily Blunt like Victoria. Yes, he's fine, but there are many points he reads intelligently. Our friend is also as good as other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (not a surprising role!) And others. Also, the film is gorgeously shot, suit and set, making every visual cure. If something is inadequate, the film is a little bit too simple and a little illogical with some editing, as well as an extra dazzling dazzle. But this is a small, small disputed point in a very successful and beautiful film overall. In short, a young and old young man should take time for Victoria. 2009 is the most decent film among filmmakers.
