Queen Victoria, who has the longest power in English history (63 years), has two other distinctions. He was our queen, except for an old British monarch who was 81 years old. He was also the youngest Englishman against the British (English or Scottish) monarchy, who was a throne as a girl at the age of eighteen. When they make a movie about a television or movie program or movie, they are more interested in the older Victoria than the young girl; Victoria's version, which is most popular with modern audiences, is Judi Dench at Mr Brown. "Young Victoria" is trying to restore balance by pointing to events involving the first years of its existence and its reign. <br /> <br /> Firstly, Victoria's mother, Duchess of the City, a Sir John who is known to be a lover of her own, is largely unknown to her daughter, Conroy is concerned about rallies due to his influence. (According to one unfounded word, he was Victoria's natural father, not the late Duke Kent). The second warrants the growing romance between Victoria and her German prince, Prince Albert, and the attempts of Leopold, the King of Belgium, the uncle of both of them to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the influence of the Saxe-Coburg House, as well as her and Albert). The third is the Bedchamber Crisis in 1839, one of the most delicate episodes in British political history. Supporters of the Tory Party (traditionally supporting a strong monarchy) are the youngest heroes of the Whig Party and their leader, Lutfi. The script writer, Julian Fellowes, is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wondered if this is a code. As it seems, the controversial party's appeal to the predecessor of the Conservative Party, Tori, could have dried the treatment of political issues. Their leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a statehood and dignity, and Melbourne has been shown to be vulnerable and incomplete in social reform for all its shedding and charm. Some truths may have these characteristics, but Fellowes just a few years ago was a Whig administration of Torys against the Reform Act that abolished the rotten municipalities and the violation of the Constitution of the Constitution. <br /> <br /> Dynastic and constitutional lessons do not always go well with the movie screen, and this includes the misunderstanding. For example, Prince Albert did not succeed Edward Oxford's attempts at Victorian life and Melton (in the late years of Victoria's membership) was not young as described by Paul Bettany. King William IV did not love the Duchess of the City (his father-in-law), but I doubt that he would not allow him to abuse him during the state feast as mentioned here. I also did not understand the significance of the stage attempting to force Duchess and Conroy to sign the Victoria Regency Order; The constitutional position of the Duchess was clarified by the Regency Act in 1830, which would be the Regent if his daughter was still eighteen years old. <br /> <br /> Any document signed by Victoria could have changed the provisions of the Law. <br /> <br /> There are infelicities at the same time. At an early stage, when playing chess with Victoria and Albert, we see chess playing when compared with the relocation of the kings, because the whole scene is "Danger, the first initial cliché!" It was finished with a hackneyed metaphor. warning. Nevertheless, despite such scenes, I came to enjoy the movie. Particularly, there were good performances from Miranda Richardson, director Duchess and the disgusting Conroy as Mark Strong. Vision is very attractive, has been made in prominent style, we have been in contact with the British dramatic drama. Jim Broadbent gives King William a fun turn, although he sometimes does not want to go upstairs. <br /> <br /> The main reason for the film's success is Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend's two young lover's performances. Victoria and Albert. Although Blunt is more attractive than Victoria's real life, Queen is no longer the old lady of a popular concept, but a loving, strong, thought-provoking and young woman who is a widow of Windsor who is not always enjoying her. Albert's love and their happy family life were one of the main reasons for the monarchy's self-restoration in the love of the British people. (Except for George III, Victoria's Hannover ancestors were not known in the preceding marriages). Blunt and friendly, bringing together a "Young Victoria" with a romantic and dramatic drama that touches on a major era in English history. 8/10
