The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's 4-and-half-hour Siberian poem should not begin once because he must return to the ground because he combines the time to study half-memorable childhood memories. the village of the back windows of the century, still captured a steam building in the emotional resonance, and even sounds and pictures were closely intertwined with the quality of the tirelessly calm quality characterizing the Soviet worker spirit. Konchalovski celebrates Soviet collective but, like the Soybean cube and the invincible pianos, is almost revised in a way that the mood is as if it is. Siberia enters the village through the grape harvest. The fruit of his labor calls for the invitation of young men only one world war. Thanks to all this, Konçalovsky waited long enough for the fiancé to care for her fiancé, waiting for him to wait six years after the war, with a long wait for her to go out and go barmaid, and to kill her offspring with an ax a year after his fiancé returns from the battlefield to return to his village to care for his elderly uncle, a hero has returned for 20 years after his return, but returned to the homeland, the middle-aged Regional Party leader, desperate to return to a small Siberian settlement and a map to set up a station that has been abolished for a single purpose. The film consists of films from 10 to 80 years, from decades to ten, from the revolution to the Soviet history, the scarcity of warfare and the titanic technological achievements of an empire (all kinetic violence and curvature angles and faces) The actual film focuses on small and large personal, triumphs and hearts. The bitter fatalism concept from the second half; regrettable and dissatisfied life of any lifeless life. <br /> <br /> Like the world that says "it's important" to Konçalov's answers, "it's not important" because the heroes try to get them back. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, sometimes a bit of hermetic, shady, all the other clear and illogical unexplained ultimatums, such as the Eternal Elder Man, appearing in every segment to divert or refuse some spectacular, sometimes miraculous sage, Behind the invitations and endorsements of the above-mentioned human symbols hides something invisible. The spirits of the fathers who appear in the dreams of the Sepia, the night, the recurring shots of a star shining with a magnificent bear, are indeed the Eternal Old Man; Konchalovski calls for respect and respect before another mysterious land. It is reminiscent of the filmmaker's cunning never allowed humanity to abandon the struggle of nature and time, and at the same time, in the treatment of a small comrades community who often fight in a strange and tragic way. I want the Extreme Excuses of the Şöhei İmamura'nın Gods. In a dream scene, when Alexei tears through a door squeezing Stalin's propaganda plaque to reach his dead father, Alexei speaks of the treachery of the Soviet Dream, or better still, in everything that he lost in the revolution, this is a clearer part of the film's fierce appeared in the form. Spectacular images help us to maintain a strange, bizarre, contractual agreement with raw materials. As a result, oil nails are flammable and the film is destroyed by the wild explosion of pure cinema.
