Soon the Americans would enter the dark, damaged England, which was preparing to occupy Europe, but in 1937 a sunny, somewhat ridiculous English village was captivating, deviant, devastating images of hip Americans. American dancer star and heartthrob Jerry Halliday (Astaire) is Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine), who has been treacherously excited by fatigue from women's squabbles that emerged as a result of harsh propaganda from a European tour and manager (Burns). The story is complicated by a betting pond between Marshmorton slaves (and fake), led by Lady Alice's brother, Reggie (Noble), Alice's hoody, the most beloved, betting bass player Keggs (Gardiner). . The story would be better as a half-hour TV episode. The usual Wodehouse structure of the wrong person is slimmer in a full-length movie, jumping into the device and incorrect results. Both Alice & Jerry appear incredible (and annoyingly) clueless in the second half of the movie. The amusement park is very long and drifting within the range and castle. Fontaine is very calm to be a very beautiful, very dignified and very stylish blonde, no matter how aristocratic it is, young pedestrian Albert (Watson) is painful. But "Damsel" is a very decent tool for very talent, talent does not diminish us. Astaire's romantic comedy ability is less than any movie with Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, along with Burns & Allen, but a dance with the novice hoofer Joan is definitely obedient. Gracie holds George's secretary secretary, who is almost at one point in a mysterious, shy and cold way. An unusual phrase is the classic one-of-a-kind class scene with a solidly-fledged actor Gardiner like Keggs. This & Astaire's dazzling scene with attractive singers "Damsel" is a mixed but mixed-up mix of legendary but dull Englishs, but gives a good color to the noble American Americans. Gershwin is at the top of the game with "The Best Exercise" and "Hard Top Lip", which carries the film with weak points. And madrigals are a movie that gets a Gershwin swing treatment? "Damsel" is indeed a trivia piece for those who want to see Astraire before without Rogers or Fontaine without the real star. It is in a fun way, like any other musical comedy comedy that ruled the 1930s but never rebuilt.
