In a famous article about Charles Dickens, George Orwell regretted that many readers did not always write Dickens as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS, meaning he did not shout to write a comic episode novel for his career. It would not be too difficult for Dickens. His modern Robert Surtees, concentrating on misadventures of the fox hunting group (MR. FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS novels). Surtees among hunters and horses still has the following, but most people consider their novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a funny man (and in his first book, BOZ'DAN, also a comic book). Hence, Dickens's third book is OLIVER TWIST (quite cowardly on the honey). Orwell says that for the growth of any author, it is necessary to change the style of their books. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) agree. <br /> <br /> But Orwell ignored the writer who overcame his partners. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer engaged in hunting, but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P. W. Wodehouse saw himself as entertaining in the upper part of the British social network. Emsworth's Earl is the prouder of the best pig breeding in the UK ... at Emsworth's Earl! His Celebrities are always ready to confront when they obey the unjust. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a perfect scheme, which is a huge gain (but always at the end). And best of all, her Jeeves will always put her boss to work on her boss, Bertie Bertie Wooster's rescue. Wodehouse limited his mission as a writer - animated films for entertainment around the world were entertaining. They served their goals (still serving). In fact, Wodehouse's more modern, author, along with Evelyn Waugh, wrote sacred books, but compared it to a more intelligent type. Waugh remains among the top dots of the best 20th century British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE and FALL and the rest. However, his book has often collapsed, even though his thoughts are not of interest to the reader. There were some shortcomings in her career because of every VILE organ. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse can also do a little hack job, its gone down Waugh did not go far. Wodehouse was also a talented lyricist (heard "Bill" in the SHOWBOAT account, Kern and Hammerstein's criticism, but Kern and Wodehouse's melody was transferred from "Oh Lady, Lady" ten years ago). He was a very good dramatist. <br /> <br /> Therefore, he took his novel in DAMSEL DISTRESS and turned it into a script. <br /> <br /> There is a normal Wodehouse touch. Keggs (perfect performance with Reginald Gardiner) keeps this "perfect" gamble chances game among the magnificent cocktail team led by this perfect cocktail. He is also incapable of avoiding playing Italy, although Constance Collier's attempt to control the impulse. This is the typical Wodehouse specification. The love relationship between Lady Alys and Jerry is in good shape and, according to Keggs and young Albert Antics, both are willing to earn a living. <br /> <br /> "Wodehouse" is always able to conduct this type of signal, and the antagonists switch to their perspective in their interests. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was here to be happy to work with Burns and Allan. Generally, all movies that are presented as supporting actors (for example, SEARCH SIX AND WE ARE US). George and Gracie made the best support for Fred Astaire. Like the previous series of "Triangular broom" dance (studied by Astaire Burns), the Fun House sequence, which also includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is remarkable. But Gracie's pretty illogical logic is used by Wodehouse on Gardiner's scenes (see, for example, how he blends it to give more money to change - only explains Albert Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and looks at Gardiner) either fool or argument ). Lady Caroline (Collier) was happy to say that she had been married to Reggie (English band leader Ray Noble) but had been married to Gracie for getting married to Gracie. <br /> <br /> The film was succeeded because of the lack of Ginger Rogers and the weakness of Joan Fontaine in the film. Fontaine does not see a remarkable job in this role, but the defect is really Wodehouse - it did not make the character very interesting. But it is possible to stand in spite of the film, other performers and their characters, Gershwin's music and Wodehouse's great fun feeling.
