Before coming to Zavet, there was a similarity between the artistic vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica. They find their own poetic styles, then they become cowards. Burton (and still there) is Depp, Kusturica Miki Manojlovic and in some way praised critique to repeat the same formula again. But when people like me first hear it, they find something just joking. That's why Kusturica's worst movies are 'Black Cat White Cat' and 'Life is a Miracle.' 'Zavet' is a completely different thing. You can do it, you can hate it, but is it another Kusturica poetic? Balkan imaginary things. Certainly, if you are praised, you must play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to make another flying gypsy movie and get the prize. Fortunately, as a brave man, he chooses a film that is ironic in his earlier works. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very strong parody in previous Kusturica films directed by Kusturica. A great filmmaker looks very good not to take himself seriously. This is Kusturica's biggest and greatest, Bergman or Kubrick. This film is unfounded, like it's a deepening absurd, it's very interesting, it's cheerful. The same thing as "Plan 9 space universe" would do for those who knew how to follow this masterpiece. Middle Western viewers will not cite a few. The most prominent tire shop owner is Srbljanovic, and it is about the famous Serbian dramatic writer Biljana Srbljanovic. From a political point of view, he is very active as a left-wing liberal and hates Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica's "everything is just fine" was to discover Miki Manojlovic at Srbljanovic. The second reference was given to Goran Bregovic? Former Kusturica composer. He created the "Funeral and Wedding Orchestra" and began to play around Europe. Though he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is only a performer and his songs (though not the best) are the weakest cover of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica had come to face Bregovic's wedding and a funeral, and the funeral was ridiculous. It also covers western classics such as music, "London Bridge Falls" or French lullabies. Can you find this unfunny? Listening to Bregovic's awesome covers, you see how we feel in Serbia now. I love this movie because it does not think deeper, it is full of symbols that it is parody and it is directed to this beautiful direction, as with all its works. If you love previous Kusturica movies, there is a chance to hate it. If you do not like some of his latest movies, you will find it a pleasant surprise because it's like the Fellini director 'Pink Flamingos'. Intentionally. After that, I have a great respect for this guy. The subsequent film, Tim Burton, would, of course, be the main character with pale faces. Next Kusturica films can be about foreigners who easily occupy the world. Therefore, the world's most interesting director, you do not want to.
