"I hate stories starting with a funeral, but I'm scared that we bury George's land in the daytime, we do not bury it in the ground, and we burn it for the sake of the environment." So George speaks widow Elizabeth (Judi Dench). George had a comfortable, predictable life. She has two children and her 12-year-old grandson. But at the age of 15 and at the school, in the middle of World War II, he played quietly at night, all the girls (almost all girls) in the band The Blonde Bombshells. Patrick, with yellow red sparkle, a long red dress and makeup, was almost "almost" because of the good looks like others. <br /> <br /> Elizabeth finds himself in a saxophone at his home in a day after the funeral, but two things happen when he leaves the golf course. Seeing how beautiful Elizabeth was, her granddaughter, Blonde Bombshells, began to talk about how to unite and play in school dance. Like Elizabeth Elizabeth, she now looks as an old elderly and meets Elizabeth Patrick (Ian Holm). As it was 50 years ago, it was very attracted to it (similar to all other members of Bombshells), and the flowers that appear in the bass drum have a special meaning that affirms their love. do not see other group members and why not give it a shot for their grandson school merger performance? <br /> <br /> Why not? One member of the group. Someone is dead. One is in prison. Someone found salvation with the Liberation Army. They can not find any trace of them. One is known to be in the United States. One is not going to make a professional singer and even a school concert for a merger. However, it brings together the surviving members of Elizabeth and Patrick Bombshells. We do not know if they are enough. More exercises are more than off-shots. When they do, Elizabeth and Patrick are sharing the information about what happens when they are in the band while the bomb is falling when they are young in London. As was terrifying, it was the most exciting time of their lives. When Elizabeth's granddaughter's dance night comes, Blonde Bombshells is packed with intense splash and refreshed friendship. Later, Elizabeth Bombshells says he continued to play concerts and that he and Patrick had no plans to marry ... but do not see a little cheating around. <br /> <br /> This syndicated hogwash is both experienced and not bad at all. What does it work? Judi Dench and Ian Holm's skill and charm. When I hear Terim's words, "hot-hearted comedy", as long as the actors are not the first degree, I usually beat. It's a miracle to watch Dench and Holm take light and predictable things like this script and turn them into something attractive. Then there is an "old wide" gambit with fun, if you remember old springs. Blonde Bombshells include Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine reads three pieces and almost balances the production. He is a very powerful and unique jazz talent, almost Cleo Laine Show when performing the program. Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII songs that have been played at a very fast pace.
