One of America's most brilliant filmmakers, Elia Kazan, did not answer the question. His directing genius did not particularly fit with irritating exciters, since the boiler needed more space to breathe, to be slower and more subtle. However, "Panic in the Streets" is primarily a public tension, and when it is released from 1950, something more appropriate today. The issue of ethnic isolation and ghettosism has been worse than ever before, with the rapid spread of smuggled immigrants, human trafficking, the coming prophets, and the rapid spread of disease in the world (worrying Richard Widmark: "I can be in any American city in ten hours and tomorrow in Africa") . This film features a magnificent movie debut by Jack Palance and a beautiful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, both gritty castles. Richard Widmark is once allowed to be a psychopath and is deeply concerned about the people, a warm-hearted, intense hero. He leads a campaign to stop the pneumonia epidemic in New Orleans. A deadly immigrant immigrant has a race against the time of the conflict that took place within 48 hours before the whole city, before the entire city, and they always remind us that the whole country is in danger of the worst adventures since 1919. The infamous Jack Palance reminiscent of a spectacular scene blocked by a rattling barrier on a lane, is the most fierce reminiscent of the worst carriers and damage to humans. . Hiccock's most inventive hinge scene is a dramatic ghost scene and a magnificent place to be called '' coffee factory ''. Many non-professionals in the film have a strange realism, something called truth. The boiler really catches cameras even where people rarely go and even where the rats think twice. This film was a great feat of public realism. In the event that the highest accusation is deprived of electricity, because Kazan can not take it seriously, the danger of oba is serious enough to frighten anyone without the need for arms and Moldovan. The only negative thing about the film is the false title of subjectiveity. But the surface of the boiler was something. He has openly reviewed this project as a public duty to warn us with real opportunities. Only those opportunities are diminishing today, but, unfortunately, worse each day. One day, after the death of a world-wide film, a movie can be shown to survive as an example of an episode in the film, but its lessons were forgotten.
