The "Panic in the Streets" (1950) is their American counterparts who are heavily indebted to the English noun. Reed's "The Third Man (1949)" and Dassin's "Night and City (1950)", Elia Kazan, captured the fresh and vibrant collapse of the New Orleans slums and took a great deal of ground-breaking film. In a decision taken by Italian masters of neo-modernism, he employed numerous non-professional actors for smaller places, ensuring the reliability of the city. At the same time, any comparison with neo-nealism would be a mistake, because "panic in the streets" is the best kind of pure melody. An illegal immigrant escaped from the Gulf was found to be infected with pneumonia, a human-human transplant and an unhealthy bubonic plague with a mutation caused by fatal air, has a death rate of about 100%. US Public Health Service officer Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) has signed the suspected police chief (Paul Douglas) to carry out a massive manhunt for the men in charge of killing them because they are also infected. <br /> <br /> In my young years, I found Wolfgang Petersen's' Accident (1995) among the most horrific films I've ever seen. Thrillers who owe much to the "Street Scarcity" (business title: "Disease") that terribly thrills me because Ebola virus describes it as an invisible and invincible pen? How does he protect himself against such a thing? The boiler film is the first (I know) document to approach the theme of biological epidemics, although it makes it harder for the visually impaired to see an enemy, Instead, he uses Jack Palance as a human recipe for murder. Though it is among the bad signals of human society, you never believe Clinton risked his life (some observers have noted that Reed has never been hurt himself, even though he did at the same time as a morgue. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, Black Death (now widely believed), including the infamous killings and the underground rats condemning the sewerage system, have a strong sense of aggression, killing one third of Europe's population, dragging the civilized world, and destroying many as Satan's work. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, serves as an effective human-like devil: angular jaws can sometimes be tempting and charismatic, but always subject to violence, two hoodlums (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel ), each Eyden more terrorism, always looks at his feet. In a minority Ates illness, Blackie, his immigrant cousin "brought something with him" (ironic will not pass unnoticed), and try to determine what it's supposed to show the valuable object. He keeps the immortal Poldi in his hand, and is a sign of a strange and unspeakable strange love. Blackie / Satan has finally stopped? not authorities but with their own infection / bad burden? He tried to control the main ship shipwrecked by Europe.
