"Panik in the Streets", directed by Elia Kazan, is an exciting and atmospheric tension that empowers realism in drawing New Orleans, using a variety of local people to fill in different roles and use improvisation wisely. As a result, symbols and dialogue are both natural and convincing. An important date to be avoided in order to avoid a disaster is that it delivers a great feeling of excitement and speed and delays the necessary actions, and then increases the tension to a higher level. After a debate among the participants in the card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is thrown into the dock area. While identifying the body and detecting the presence of a coronary artery, Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), a US Hospice Health Clinic, confirms that her examination is a pneumonia tuberculosis. Reed insists that the known contacts of the deceased need not be delayed, so that the very infectious nature of the disease means that everyone can die within a day without doing so. <br /> <br /> It is expected that the deceased is not known and it will be difficult to find her contact, and this will not help the city officials and the Police Commissioner if they are not fully satisfied with Reed's brief. It is doubtful that public danger is as potent as it claims to be, and the absence of their commitment is a series of barriers that prevent immediate action. The following investigation contradicts the lack of co-operation between a migrant community, a sailor group, a restaurant owner, and a number of illegal immigrants before the identity of a person and their contacts. <br /> <br /> Being in the network with illegal immigrant Kochak, Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and network leader Blackie is aware of ongoing police investigations, something missed. Because he is related to Kokak and Poldi, Blackie thinks that Poldi should know something about it and get more information. However, Poldi is very ill and can not provide any information. Blackie brings her to his doctor and goes out of the Poldier room with Fitch, and begins to move under some stairs, and comes after Reed and thrilling persecution. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark acts as a free public official, even though he is busy with his hard work with difficult tasks, as a family man, as his own inner work. He plays an unusual role for him, describing a very convincing and serious thoughtful nature of Dr. Reed. Jack Palance's film debut sees Kochak's performance as a ruthless sword, causing the reason for leaving the card game and confusing the cause of intense police investigation. Its different appearance also helps its presence on the screen become even more attractive. <br /> <br /> In the typical docu-noire style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realist effects are the place where action is taken to effectively absorb the atmosphere at places. Elia Kazan manages sensitivity with the sensitivity during the excavation and memorable excavation in the warehouse.
