Fleeing for just seventy-two minutes, this small, inevitable 2006 drama is actually just two character sketches, but it works very well within the limitations. In the non-descriptive spot in the south of Los Angeles, it is almost entirely unusual, but the story itself is unimportant, but as Sophia Coppola's "lost in translation", the film is an important encounter for two people who are facing an unexpected encounter. Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega characters play. Finally, as wise friends and officials are far removed from the injustices that have become a major screen specialist, Freeman has appeared to be relatively free as a star of a cheerful movie. <br /> <br /> She was embarrassed for several years to be dismissed. <br /> <br /> <strong> Comes to a low-rental store in Carson. he sees DVDs of his films in a bargain shop, but his ego is the lack of a watch to watch and even imitate the squad. Especially the attraction lies in the fact that Scarlet, a delicate worker from Spain, has a model of productivity. A construction company has an interview for a secretariat job, but its deep artificial security seems to be overcome. Still, Penelope Cruz is a beautiful, Vega (James L. Brooks's "perfect" Spanglish, one of the few returning sides), to Scarlet, a stranger and real weakness that he and Freeman encounter in a very good way. but also at Target, Arby's and a full-service car washer. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps the processes simple, but produced by Phedon's Papam-Jacobin live cinematography (he lensed Alexander Paynenin's lensed film ) And Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto (City City), Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's soon-to-be-spouse) and himself, Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, The comic bits with the clueless driver come as fast as they are and as a worshiper at the Jim Parsons ("the Knight in the Paradise"). It's full of additional lights, including DVD movie shooting, film shootings and documentary film "15 Days or Less" to manage a 103-minute marathon; Six extended scenes; In the middle of the target is a three-way conversation that is light but hearty between Silberling, Freeman and Vega; The DVD is composed of several pieces that featured special ads.
