I could not help, but I felt it could be a bigger movie. The scenario was very clever and could only be opened in seven more reminiscent ways. Not by changing the story - mainly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I found to keep the film. On the other hand, the pacing was at the very bottom. Everyone who worked on the arrangement did a really good job. I thought Bill Paxton was a great deal of management. Now I'm away from the technical team ... <br /> <br /> This film threw me into the loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! For all of this, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and Adam finally showed the FBI agent to show where the corpses were, and when I knew who he was, I fell into a bush. I questioned the first part of the twist but he threw me and saw that the agent had killed the agent and the agent asked him again what he saw with Adam (without touching any of the words) and what he knew. My dilemma was still another twist, but it was almost an incomprehensible idea that the man and his father were not crazy, but 'bad men' were chosen to speak 'of their sins and their crimes.' I do not approve of an eye for one eye, so I will not be able to think that the film is doing God's work. Instead, I also thought that they were loyal to each other, and that day after the father had left their children away from what they had been subjected to, and that they were continually worried about them. It was my interpretation, but the film was not a home of these cards and an unfinished circle, and what was the correct interpretation of the worry you were sitting on. Of course, one of the films I want to meet with the writer is that I can only ask him what the truth is. They were crazy and psychotic? They were just telepathic and therefore got a license? Or was there a vision from God? If so, would God or Shane hide himself as God? <br /> <br /> We talked about it all night to find out what the creators of the film think and think about when filming with my friends. <br /> <br /> Very concerned about the film, which is definitely a striking and thought-provoking film, but of course not the scenario elements. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely the essence. The great director and the boy playing Bill Paxton and Fenton are extremely good. I hope she's falling into a child's actor's syndrome because of her promise. For most of the filmmakers, I made a good sound for this movie, but when I did not feel that there was something (though I did not know exactly), I would have voted better, and if it were not, the film would have come to a higher level. Still, there are tips for those who are awesome.
