Frailty is a frightening fear movie that creates the depth of a man by correcting the source and the effect of a mistake. Dad (we have never learned his name) is a subtle man and a loving father, the only son of Adam, who was born after Adam's birth. At the end of the night, Dad says that God gave her a vision when she entered the boy's room. And what a vision? The whole family's work is, of course, to destroy the jinn that are hidden in human form. <br /> <br /> Based on this premise, the film follows it. Does the Father miss the people, the jinn, whom God wants to destroy, tie up, fasten, put their hands on them, see their wickedness, and then kill them? While watching young children. Fenton, the old boy, is horrified when he sees only one father who is turned into a horrible murderer. Adam is small, unhappy, but the father persists in the will of God. Finally, the father carries out his missionary missions to kidnap his "devils" in God's Father's List, and finally invites them to take part in the work God has given to his family. <br /> <br /> This is not you. I understand, an insulting father. He loves his children. He just follows God's instructions: "This is our job now, my son." Fenton says that when he comes to the horror and believes that his father is evidence, he tells the police that his father says, "If you do this, my son is dying ... the pressure on children is unbearable and tragic and resolves all their lives." (1) The structure of the film is similar to the usual Suspects: The FBI agent was informed in a police station, Moody's lighting, stormy weather and day-to-day calmness were added to the dangers of the rear hero, and I would like to believe that this horror is only a story until Andrea Yates believes he belongs to Satan and can save his children by strangling his children <br /> <br /> This movie did not give me such comfort, though, in the end she gave strong tips, and the accuracy of her father's vision, which made me a problem for some of the holes. regardless of the accuracy of their visions, regardless of the evil that their victims have done, to whom would anyone be entitled to act as an angel of anguish? (1) Roger Ebert review, 4/12/02
