There is nothing better about presenting history directly. It simply takes the easiest and most superficial route to describe as a monster. Show only the negative sides and exaggerate them. "Those who are ignorant of the past repeat us." He was a human. Some people may find it difficult to accept, but a significant part of life is experiencing what we do not want. We must try to understand it, not to dismiss the man. Otherwise, there is little chance in the future, even now, to avoid anyone who succeeds on a remote remoteness. Hate her and do what she does, not mythical, intentional, or anything else. Certainly, most of this mini-series could play "dumb madness" *. after scenes or. Everything is appealing to the audience, to the nuclear and conscious, to every bad person (both to whom and to whom it goes directly), and to say "this man is bad" or "Looking more or less than anywhere and continuing his life" is not something he believes or claims. This should never be used for education. Use the Der Untergang (English Drop) and show a few inaccuracies. It is disrespect to the events and any and all those who are saved, to remember the dead. Sinematic quality? Top notch. Perfect production values ​​are well-defined proofs, the characteristic features are strong and convincing, dialogue and scenarios are good, all performance indicators are meticulously met (Carlyle plays the role and plays the role) ... as it is written ... perfect) music is good Design, cinematography and editing are flawless and creative, and this is definitely dramatic, entertaining, and pragmatic. They take history and many events and do justice. If I had proposed to do this, and I did not think I could be objective as Hitler would appear to be a completely robbery, I refused because of it. I will not blame anyone for his hatred. We can forgive what you do, and should we be convinced? This is not my suggestion. Finally, I note that as we have written, we are in a global economic crisis, which lasted about two years and was not entirely distinguished by the stock market crash in 1929. As they lead to the depression of the new millennium: governments give money to banks that go to markets, and most of the countries now are friendly. However, the lesson was not studied. Hopefully there is now. Come back ... my suggestion? Read a book dealing with the subject, non-science fiction. There are many informative, smart ones. The DVD holds a trailer. I urge all those who know the best and the truth to seek the truth. 8/10
