Instead of traveling to the past, the main trio is stuck in the history of another planet. They give light to this planet, which the Sun plans to go to nova within 3 or 4 hours (it is approaching!). They meet with Mr. Ates in some kind of futuristic library (A to Z, ha-ha) and duplicates. Apparently, instead of fleeing the destruction of the planet through cosmic journey, in the ordinary way, the inhabitants ran to one of the different periods of the planet. Atosis uses a time machine to send people after the selection (see the discs, CDs and DVDs other Trek Provision!). While preparing the Atos machine (Atavachron-ne-sis), he heard the cry of a naked Kirk woman and escapes to the 17th century version of the planet, where it becomes a sword fight and is imprisoned for sorcery. At the same time, there is an eccentric, but good performance ("... you are like a kid. Spock & McCoy pursues Kirk, but ends an ice age of 5,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> First, Kirk is able to return to the library. The real story here is that Spok's ancestors turned 5000 years before the warlike volcanoes into barbarian tendencies. Spock & McCoy is not prepared by Atoz - oh well, as it seems to me, Affected by the Spock transition, it is not really logical, maybe this time the machine is responsible almost immediately - millions away from the light years, right hundreds or thousands - a common mistake for logical volcanoes). Anyway, Spock really shows its bad side - forget about "Hawk Day" and remember "Paradise This Side" - McCoy quickly re-arranged that Vulcan's buddy would never stand to feed her ordinary and get nearly his face. Spock also comes with Zarabeth (a son of several Spokes novels on the outcome of this union), a joke woman deported to this cold past. All these scenes are ghosts, Spock hides or reminds you how much you have. Earlier several episodes earlier ("Requiem for Methuselah") pointed to McCoy Spock's affection of affection - and now it happens. Meanwhile, Kirk is involved with old Atoz, who goes back to a past era ("You, of course, a suicide maniac" - actor Wolfe, the latest "Bread and Circuses", great things). All this works at the end, but as I said earlier, they brought it closer. A clean little trek adventure, with a certain space bending.
