Honestly, I was expecting to hate this one, and I really only checked it because Jenna Jameson was there ... but I downloaded a hit from EVIL BREED. A group of college staff and teachers make a "trip" to Ireland. There are strange things happening in their dwelling places and where tourists often know that they will disappear without permission. The post-teens group warns the owners of the property to enter the forest - but they are stupid B-films with B-movie characters - of course, they pay no attention and mistakes to each other ... First, EVIL is very wrong with BREED. The player / dialogue is pretty weak and my main complaint is that Jenna Jameson, Chasei Lain, Ginger Lynn, and Taylor Hayes have more ugly nakedness than FAR than they are shown here, and Jenna's role in this production is often about 2 minutes When it comes to the screen, it is often charged. Less with Chaseey, Ginger Lynn does not appear on the skin and has the worst Irish phrase. Also, the final scene of the film does not give any meaning and feels like it's thrown to finish the movie. On the one hand, these enthusiasts - there are good things. Greco and Chaseey Lain, who lives in Greece, Greco's nude torso ends with a fried saliva and Chaseey's corpses are hanging over half (though not shown on the screen when it's finished) ... it's not bad for the first 5 minutes. Other killing scenes are quite inventive, including Jenna's forced breast implant removal, a man from his donkey, a knife and several other authors. Implants and dual scenes also have unmatched versions with special features and are a shame that manufacturers have released to communicate with them. And after the film is shot, the movie moves along with a good clip so you really have to be very bored. The Creator FX is also a competent way of helping it. In general, EVIL BREED was as bad as I expected. In addition to SATAN'S LIBRARY BOOK, I have renewed my interest in America's low budget flat-footage. I usually shake them all together, but these two are worthy of me to believe in a few. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow it 90 minutes - here's a cheap bourbon can hurt for processing a glass - I know and I'm sure it will not hurt it. 7.5 / 10
