I wanted this movie because I was a new Fren fan and wanted to see more of his work. First of all, Ireland's emphasis is great. There seems to be a sharp ear for the anecdotes. Her player was as beautiful as ever. Outside James Frain, I thought the movie was very good. The Northern Ireland conflict was really a mess. Both parties are guilty of serious injustice and men who are involved in the conflict do not report very little about their situation at present. <br /> <br /> Along with this, every man (or woman) probably fights for his country, indeed, * does it. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks for "gang" (Ian Hart) to say "o", Zinger can not make a rich moral acceptable answer. Why? Because Zinger has maintained his wealth in his own country and protects the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger has to kill. He is full of blood longs and is a perfect job for a boy like him. There are such guys like Liam (John Lynch), who wants to live in their everyday lives and love their families ... the guys who see all the fights are fighting more. Children like Keny are charismatic leaders and add fuel to the flames, but rather they mean. Also, Kenny really believes in "Cause." He believes what he has done, that he will make a distinction in the future ... it is a bit strange, because his character seems very clever to all of this. However, like many other seemingly clever people, a group of lifestyle entrants, even without understanding it. Then there is a purely psychological genius that does not fight for any reason but creates a valuable asset in a gangland-type war. But now in this film Ginger has continued to value and turned into a very dangerous loose ball. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to a boiling point and is almost a disaster. This film, worthy of the film, shows both sides of this old old conflict. Being an American, I can not understand everything about the fight. <br /> <br /> Generally, it should act in a good way, touch it ... but it's a film that's bothering me.
