Sometimes they are lucky and hit their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But most of them have duds (this Pat comes to mind very quickly). This time, like Tim Meadows, Woman Man. This movie falls somewhere between a collision and a dud. <br /> <br /> It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but then, usually, as it happened with the SNL skits, it slows down before it finally ends. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows - Leon Felps, a radio DJ with a nightly show called "Ladies Man". Any and all questions of sex and relationships are, in general, the most dangerous answer. It looks like everything is finally going to break. After pressing the station manager button, Leon dismissed it with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) and needed another job. A letter from the old ladies comes from random blue. The letter offers wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem the letter has not signed. So Leon must explain all the women who are with him to find the woman in her desire. Sometimes, Billy Dee Williams says in the movie that the woman in her dreams lies in front of you. All of the women / girls have a sub-plan of many people sleeping with Leon and when they first want to figure out who he is (with a tattoo on his anatomy), they kill him. This bunch of friends is surprised! Ferrell will make SNL. First, I thought the sub-area was very embarrassing. Words and dances were completely empty. I'm not usually like Will Ferrell, but here's just nothing for me. The rest of the children were schlubs only labeled and ultimately decided that their decision to deceive their wives / girlfriends was their fault. So, the main story. This story is mostly happening around Leon and sex. So, if you do not like Leon's character, you will not love the movie. He has voice, behavior, and dialogue. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I did not think that SNL was a particularly good actor. Indeed, her favorite thing is her Sketches Man Sketches. But the best thing is that they are guests (remember Cameron Diaz) and they were short. Approximately 5 minutes was pretty funny. And here, about 20 minutes, it's really funny. I thought good about the character in the film that he was in character. It just depends on whether he wants to get a decent identity. It's up to the end of this transformation and the current negotiations to close everything. Moreover, it is good enough to keep Leo like Leon and not to become more significant than him. If you could guess, there are not many items for this movie. But as I said earlier, I saw the beginning of the movie very funny. Some people laugh at loud cries of lying around their sexual contact and their ugliness. Of course, this is a film and other SNL spin offs problem, which is just a few moments in a matter of minutes. It is very difficult to extend the concept up to 80 minutes. It is clear why this shortage needs sub-plan because this film will not be less than an hour. <br /> <br /> Generally, ladies were not as bad as other SNL films, but nothing happened. It's as good as others. There were some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest were dragged. There was an unnecessary sub-plan to extend the film. The following line, if Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps are characteristic, can watch the movie. Do not worry if you are worried. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in a few beautiful dresses. <br /> <br />
