As I have sounded silent, it really looks like incredible love for the VHS (also the picture shown on the site) because the "Barbarians" several times. So far, if the film was not very gay because I had been watching it before. just trashy, cheese, campy and great fun! Ruggero Deodato was the director of "Cannibal Holocaust" for all people, this famous comic sword and Sandal fantasy, especially the man responsible for Conan movie films of Schwarzenegger. The film opens with a terrific "suddenly-in-a-kind" type of narrator that we introduced to Ragneks. Their founder once sold a pure golden mountain for all the magic strong ruby, which would allow them to travel freely and entertain them in every country. In other words, Ragneks have many travel circus freaks! Their happiness gradually ends when Kadi Ragneks's beautiful queen misses Kanarya and finds the jogging places. Meanwhile, as a funny wasting for a while, two orphan brothers are prepared to become muscled warriors Gore and Kutchek, and they are not prepared to fight each other. Instead, they are preparing a plan to escape and release their queens. In fact, the terrain is not half as I was afraid of at the beginning, but the body's brothers, who are still the most entertaining, are "screen chemistry", "horrible" dialogs and, of course, totally unattractive fantasy monsters, sweet eyes, a generation free from worms, and zombies coming out of the wasteland. Soundtrack and makeup effects are great and our powerful filmmaker Deodato continues with a speedy hesitation. The Barbarian brother's ability to work is far better than I expected, and one of them already produces a steady noise. The cast cast is also beautiful. Even more beautifully looked like Eva La Rue, a clever wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant would be really glad to be like Richard Lynch states and favorite Sheeba Alahani, the first time and just the look of a cats hair style (I do not love you!). Finally, at least the "Barbarians" praised the eyes of everyone in the geometry as the Dirtmaster, named Michael Berryman. I know that the picture I have seen is better than a campaign that offers a musical version of the rise and fall of the people of the village, but the "Barbarians" are really a subject of Italian exploitation.
