LE GRAND VOYAGE is a subtle miracle of the film, a deeper work by the scenario characterized by the natural décor of the "road trip" story and by the writer / director Ismael Ferroukhi, who allows the stars to function impressively in Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed. Majd will carry the film's emotional impact. Ferroukhi's vision strongly enhances the musical score of Fowzi Guerdjou, who is trying to keep Katell Chen's (a sensitive blend of horizons' travel points and intense pictures of characters) and a few nice themes in the film. Film tracks are many local music variations from many countries. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with a Muslim family in South France, an unmarried western girlfriend who does not seem like watching her religious heritage. His elderly father, Mohammad Mage, asked for Redeem's time to bring Hajj to Mecca and not to refuse to allow him to abandon his personal needs to his last religious obligation. Both traveled to a fragile car to travel to Saudi Arabia through France, Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey. During the trip, Reda pleaded with her father to visit some of her favorite places, but her father stands for the purpose of the journey, and Reda irritates her to fight her father's demands. During a pilgrimage visit, they meet an elderly woman who shows themselves to two men (Qina Ognianova) and a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian), who promises to lead the father / son prayer, has been drunk in a bar and disappeared and numerous border guards delaying their advancement for various reasons and special agents. Conflict with the Father and the Son Mountain: Reda can not grasp the significance of this pilgrimage, as it is full of trials and difficulties, and can not understand that Reda is indifferent to the father's religious beliefs and needs. Finally, Mecca is a huge blow to Reda to cover the voyage of Hajj pilgrims from all over the world and to feel the importance of the visit. The narrative is rich in touches and meaning as they approached. Between adolescence and youth, between the son and the father, religious tolerance was adopted between the non-acceptance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual effect of this film is not unusual - more than that, the camera's 'exclusive' effect is only to capture the beauty of many stoppoints without the need to 'improve' them. Nicolas Cazalé is a perfect actor (be sure to see the latest and current "Grocer's Son"), and is a carefully-nourished role-playing role-playing film. Another beautiful film from the Film Movement was explained in this beautiful explanation. Be advised. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
