If you want to be sexy and pedantic, the opening of a RAF Lancaster bombing on May 2, 1945, is a bit challenging, although German air defenders are alive today as Adolf Hitler. a movie that will be filmed by a ghostly audience and, in my opinion, a character that is killed in the real sense of the word in the last hours of the war brings disaster. In fact, in order to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and spirit of Powell and Pressburger's masterpieces you must get rid of the Second World War. When it is seen today, the scenes of the sky become doubly painful? Once again, you need to see a context film. The RAF bomber team lost 58,000 people during the battle, but America's Lame was lost, but in a shorter period and in the pool of many active warriors there was no atheist at the fox hole, something relative to the conflict, you see material atheism as a logical thing. Richer Attenburton's young pilot looks at the horror described below, and many warriors cried out on this stage because many of their comrades remembered the war. Despite the loss of several million people since 1939-1945 there are very few people passing through the pearl of Germany. <br /> <br /> It is clear that the view will not go to paradise. <br /> <br /> The young pilot, Peter Carter, would not ask me much if he had not been to the place he was discussing with his life before the skies. If you see a substance and a substance of substance, death is a highly political and visual film that reflects the end of the British Empire, but it is replaced by American ambitions. The film has little to do with people who know American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of America, and even today, many British people believe that only 51% of the Americans are "White Europe". The film contains a scene that acknowledges that many different races are "I am American", as judged by Judge Iblis Ibrahim Farlan, the first revolutionary to be killed by the British forces in the American War. When it comes to "special relationships" between England and America, what special relationships? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to England and America. <br /> <br /> So you remember to watch this movie in the past and sometimes with some of your minds. It's strange, beautiful, surprising, and smart, but most importantly, it's a movie that will never work if it's done in the last 40 years. Can you imagine the story was set back in 2003 and returned to a British soldier killed in Iraq?
