Before this little black-and-whites, the subject of criminal offense has never been turned into an American screen. Hollywood and the Production Code were many of these issues that were hidden until the rebel 1960s. So it is not surprising that Ida Lupino will have some independent company, such as filmmakers, to raise this issue. Interestingly, the director Lupino worked with Code requirements to demonstrate a film. Interestingly, the main problem after Ann Walton (Mala Powers) attack. others do not see how to do it, but how he sees himself. And this is a heavy burden. Can it still have a relationship with men? Will he look at him as a "swollen luggage"? (All this, 1950)? Though family and friends generally support it, at home and at work, he runs away. In general, this first part has done serious and good deeds. The chase is sensitive to some movement in the field, but then it's a movie - let's see how the tail does not respond to the tail near the end of the pursuit. <br /> <br /> <strong> When the majority of the Caucasian residents were upset over the power of the neighbor, the fact that the neighbor was not responsible could have made the matter more difficult, even though it was interesting. <br /> <br /> In the second half, on the contrary, Ferguson (Tod Andrews) of the Production Code in Rev's Census. He has "got his courage to face life again" (quoting a phrase). There is a little effort to humanize it - this is Ann or the dilemma he is most interested in. Perhaps its exquisite and understandable presence is a little bit more miracle and comes as little as Hollywood. Fortunately, the latter is far more than his determination, emphasizing the determination of a happy solution for Ann, to avoid Hollywood's traditions. <br /> <br /> Lupino, give a ton of credit for dealing with the topic first. Given the overall results, he was honest with the subject as he was allowed. I look forward to seeing today's spectators lightly curious because of Powers' perfect performance, which is largely revealed by human drama. However, the film works well as a document of its time and is what makes it fit for the adult careers of that day.
