I LOVE this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite movie, and that's my hand. Powell and Pressburger have created a simple, well-prepared story - the power to "have the power to". But deceit lies in the complexity of his "real or imaginary" work. Basically, one of the effects of the war depicts a young, poetic-oriented aircraft during the Second World War. Or if not? The question does not answer in any way. Actually, I do not even want to. This continuous reduction is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography also include some nice touches that reflect the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make Cinematic version of Richard Strauss' opera Der Rosenkavalier on the 18th century Viennese aristocracy. It is clear that it is a short interlude that keeps all the exquisite dressed Conductor 71 flower (looks silver in the sky). Music has even sleep quality. All players are in the first place - David Niven is in the most charming position and has a wonderful team of veteran Roger Lewis and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the film's appeal is Marius Gourdine, Conductor 71. He has the most interesting role and fills his scenes with each other, clarifying the film, full of innocent light. Unfortunately, some of the 71 performers of the Concierge stayed in the room. Except for the beautiful videos of The Scarlet Pimpernel television series from the 1950s, Goring's comedy abilities will be a pity for the movie to be repeated. It is far from the most memorable role of movie career. It is a perfect foil for Niven's casual style and its virtual exaggeration conflicts with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940's, Niven played against another "messenger" played by Bishop's wife, Cary Grant. Their acting style was similar to that, when I got results, I found unenergetic and disappointing. Note that, according to Powell, Goring wanted Peter Carter's role very much and initially abandoned the conductor 71. This is a good thing, and it creates that kind of imagination. <br /> <br /> "He will end his point of disrupting the tense relations between the United States and the United States, but in the sensitive reminders of war horrors, armed and civilian casualties are largely disarmed because of the necessity to" go. "In the" there is a great deficiency in the enemies, but the citizens are an indefinable source, and Powell and Pressburger could have been more apparent in their paintings, but they were not necessarily the cause of their diplomatic mission, but their identity was the same on both sides of the Atlantic continues to inspire the cinematographer and audience.
