Films that do not have some doubts have a message that reflects the clock and the day after images. This is the film "Carol's JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL)", made in Spain in 2002, based on the German novel A boca de noche, which is adapted to the script. The war and its results are not new to movies, but if the warlike theme is a subtle driving force behind the scenes in the background, the result is different, and the initial investigation of the older film genre is a great way to develop adult life-affected adults (especially children). Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish teenager returning to critical Aurora (Maria Barranco) mother. Aurora's house in the Spanish Civil War in 1938, an abandoned house since his wife's death by his wife, Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna). Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple), is a rare fight pilot supporting the Republicans against Franco and his family. Aurora has a past: her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) left to marry Robert and Alfonso, in turn, married aunt Carores Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl, unlike her parents, but unlike her father, Don Amalio: Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two companions came to Carol for the first time, but events are related to Carol and Tomiche's first awakening of love . Aurora will die from her illness, Carol Alfonso, Dolores and her daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), a brave war with their father and her best friend and teacher, Maruja (always brilliant Rosa Maria Sard), and the difference between her classmates and her beloved father. With a number of incidents, Carol and Tomiche, learning the difficulties of becoming adults, face more trauma in a short time of war, and most of us have a lifetime experience. <br /> <br /> Films are shot in Galicia and Portugal and are made up of a number of unusual beautiful parameters that are replaced by a gentle lighting by cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi. Bingen has been expanded by the music account by Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe distinguishes his bikes from the baths and makes a stronger statement about the hardness and cruelty of war when choosing to gather the story for the children. Casting is exceptional: the stars are clear Clara Lago and Juan Jose Ballester, but they are supported by brilliant veteran actors in mature roles. This is a visually striking job with a long-term message and should find a larger book for that date. Grady Harp
