In the 1980s, Arnold once more demonstrated that he was an act of philosophy and a racist in this futuristic film about a fierce demonstration of no rival's survival. However, the label line said Arnold did not play yet! The film began in 2019, with the world economy colliding with other important items in food and short supply, and a totalitarian state. Controls every aspect of life through television and police. <br /> <br /> The most popular game of the film is Running Man, who is forced to live up to the Stalkers who are living to kill criminals. <br /> <br /> Film is a food fraud charged with a helicopter mission with Ben Richards (Arnold). Senior executives were ordered to shoot at them, refusing to break down and throw them into prison, but at the same time cutting the people without help. The government accuses Richard Richards of being a Bakersfield Butcher. Eight months later Richards went to an underground station headed by Mic (Mick Fleetwood), with a splitting of a detention zone working with two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre). Mic quickly describes Richards as "Bakersfield Butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend believes otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he wants to live and work with his brother. Soon, she finds that her brother was taken out of school to study and that a woman's name was taken by Amber Mendez (Alonso). <br /> <br /> Perhaps he knows who he is and does not help him, but he convinces him, but the police pushed him at the airport. <br /> <br /> The blood for stalkers to kill there. Damon Killian (Dawson) sees the rescue of Richards Richards, the landlord and one of the country's most powerful men, and can get him for the show after being captured. If Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of signing a contract. You will love this section. But soon they will find out that they will join him and that Killian will come back. The Runners Zones and Memorable, Sub-Zero, Baw Suzz and many other characters begin to start the journey there. As a result, Richards was suspected of being set up by Amber, but was caught and thrown into the game. Together they find the underground and return to Killian and send him farewell. <br /> <br /> Running man is one of Arnold's greatest films of the 80's. The film, apparently, was based on the same book of Stephen King. Some said that the book was better. I'm sure this is not the case, and in any case I liked the movie. Like all Arnold's films, actress Arnold is expecting a classic liner, and even Ventura takes a few places. Undoubtedly Richard Dawson draws attention to this film. Because he was a real show host, he easily burned himself and really managed to create a cold wing. The whole movie is a game show and your elder brother is watching you. Take a look at some who are entertaining as "hate boat" and waiting for some old shows. Along with Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, it was a great show, not forgot Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Braun, Ventura and Sven-Olen! With all the real TV inaccuracies, it is now better, but I'm sure Hollywood liberals will become a movie about "Evil Bush." According to the new DVD, the poor are only responsible for stenokers. The ACLU was able to access some of the communism's DVDs, and a funny debris that should not be in the vicinity of the Arnold movie. Blasphemy! In general, for any Arnold fan, especially in the 80s, you will not lose yourself. One of the first things I've seen in the 80's is still so great. Futuristic world and humor are great. Generally, from 10 to 10 stars, of course, are the best.
