Every day, Arnold's most successful film of the 80's would be The Running Man. A strange and surprising story of the digital TV was crazy. Perhaps it has not been taken back yet. It's not when you think about it. At the moment, the Reality TV show tries to lift the bottom of the rack or the rack to lift the bar. If it is not as controversial as the latter, it's a dud. How long will it take to run before a show runs like a runner? How much time do you have before the Justice Department's "adjudicatory theater lawyer" or entertainment section? <br /> <br /> This film has many satire and intelligence that could have been abducted in 1987. This will be repeated again given the current state of television shows. <br /> <br /> The biggest message is to lie. There is no secret that the government and the media are working in the crap. The masses believe the press tells them they believe in them. This is a very scary situation, and with a clearer confirmation of the truth, we can easily adopt a cruel show like Running Man in the near future. It is impossible to hide that Reality TV is not very real. It has been edited and rebuilt before broadcasting and is just what networks want you to see. In general, this is far from reality. <br /> <br /> Although the difference is completely different from Stephen King's book, the script is a typical Arni formula. Yes, he has a very numerous and very fragile liner and he says, "I'll go back" (he often says that you often say it) is still in the mood, but still a ridiculous /> Although Dave Starsky (Paul Michael Glazer) was no exception, Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren (both believed Arni believed or did not believe). It can be artistic, but it can be strong enough to create excitement and its use of neon and fluorescent colors provides a pretty cool look to everyone. First of all, Harold Philtermeyer's report, Andrew Davis (especially I am not a director), though violently opposed to Glaser, despite his guidance, violently violates the scenes of action and of any infinite integrity. The fashion sense of the film is too long to be confident in the future. Apart from the changed feelings, something apart from me will divide. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is zillion times better than the original one. There is a picture in the form of a missed letter. A new high definition is its 1.85: 1 anamorphic transfer. Colors sparkle and appear on the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack are also great. The constant impact of the surrounding channels is greatly influenced and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best masters I have ever seen. Two interesting documentary films, trailers and "acquaintance with Stalkers" are included in these 2 disc sets, which are quite clean.
