I'm still new in the Crimea genre, and it was the 'The Dead Eyes of London', the only one I had ever seen before, and it did not inspire a great hope of the rest of the castle. my genre But for the first time I would see it, but the College Girl Kill was a strange and very illogical attempt to commit a crime, so the feeling would be different; it's really fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that has so many strange and beautiful ideas in the script, and it manages to style it out. A criminal scientist begins in a laboratory where he has invaded the victim and invented new and highly toxic poisons that appear to be dead in a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal who violates the general offender (and then returns to prison), using this poison to carry out his crimes. The subject shows that there is a close-knit community full of girls providing the majority of victims. <br /> <br /> Of course, with such a plot, there is a mysterious guard in the red dress, breaking his neck. it is not a serious event, and the director clearly knows that there are plenty of tongue-in-cheeky vibes that approach the film very well. There are very different parties to the plot, unfortunately, everything is wrong; this movie is not a big problem, though everything is beautifully captured throughout the film and is always enough to make audiences interested. The atmosphere is perfect and the color scheme on the screen is very beautiful. Of course, the film is based on the novel Edgar Wallace, and it is clear that the man has a great imagination; the places used are also superior, and if a housekeeper is decorated with many wild and exotic animals, it may not fit into the field, and the film will give you something extra. After all that happens in this movie, you will not expect a totally meaningful result; but the cause of the murders is logical and sufficient for the film to be raised. Overall, the College Girl Killer is a great little mysterious flick and a highly profitable one!
