A red clan suit in the hands of prisoners who have been paid by a mysterious ink to hide face in prussia gas, killer and fish aquariums, and murder of a lashed golden brown and college schoolgirl. The Scottish Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) are certainly full of this work. Despite all this, when he was 21, he falls into the center of the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas). The targeted girls share a room with Ann, but their killing is a mystery. The girls' dormitory staff seems to hide everything, and some members of the faculty are slaughtered by the killer on the dressing gown of the red priest, who are sufficiently capable of drowning the whips in the whip. At the beginning of the film, two prisoners are put into operation by a secret person, as long as there is exchange of money for the creation of new toxic gas generated by a scientist killed. A driver is an intelligent scheme that Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets with a convicted prison guard (hidden in barrels). The secretary in the secretary's room secretly ordered, killed, and killed. The discovery of this operation is a priority for Higgins and Sir John, and the cause of their crime. Under suspicion there are girls bedroom head, writer's brother, sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, snooping gardener and Bannister. Some are red-purple, so when the real guide is discovered, the audience throws a bend. The latter is multiple folded. <br /> <br /> I saw Crimea films, COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS, a colossal plot that gave her many colorful killer, many surprises and potential suspects, and the closest college girls in giallo with harsh shenanigans between adults. I believe that the effect of James Bond on a special Crimean film is that the alien pitch (.. unused), with the secret hidden fake secret hiding with counterfeit Sacred Bible / Water Pistol, facials of the victims, opens the lids to darken the windows without opening the passengers on the rear seat and Greaves' Royles Royce, a whisker hole used to spy on girls and bath girls in the room. Many may think that Sir John's responsibility is due to his bumbling, buffoonish behavior and Higgins's ability to get it to the truth (maybe all the British inspectors hurt the case more than one case) .. Now I was used as a comedy aid, especially with the attempts of the suspects and the psychoanalysis of the potential victims, often misunderstood what he was saying to him. Higgins often follows tips / facts to avoid as much as possible Sir John, using his skills as a researcher over the years. Stronger speeds by Alfred Vohrer, a sophisticated guide, and the scenario is full of interesting characters and flawless content ... Many adults in the country are suspicious, and any one of them calls for a blow behind the execution of the girls using the sword or killing. This is one of the best examples of the Crimean genre (I do not think it is good), because that's what you're supposed to do, always one more goal ... the verses that appear in the end are very eye-catching (.. and even the real master symbol combination).
