The end of the 1930s and early 40s was a golden age for adventure-related films, with increased budgets during economic recovery, changes in screen entertainment after the production code, and overall optimism of time. <br /> <br /> Erter Flynn and Tyrone Power, the heartbeat and often sincerely talk about sincere conversations Gunner Religion is very remarkable, very different from volume and sound. <br /> <br /> Gunga is the division of religion in the mystery of religion. The original story is Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of Hollywood's most influential writers and writers. But the actual scenario was Joel Sayre and Fred Guiolin's works, and Guiol was particularly fond of a comedy. What we get from these four is a well-balanced and attractive argument, but also deliberately spiced with funny touches. Most of the adventure adventures of this time were at least partly comedic, showing players supporting one or two comedy, but Gunga did not use laughter in the path of religion. Here, all the main characters can be joke objects or others. As the scene is transformed into a light hearted crisis, we see that the evil spirits are disturbed at once. The first major combat scene is a combination of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr, silent swashbucklers, a direct mix of gloves and gags, something that Flynn and Power fail to replicate. In the middle of Gunga Dinin, movement must be a break and must have lots of conversation scenes for the field. But it's always a foredy for a comedy? as spiked punch routine ?? Producer-director George Stevens, cutting off his teeth at the Hal Roach studio, was natural when it came to something like that and almost managed the comedy to this point. This is his first full-featured feature, and he does a great job. The use of animated-looking shoots, especially in addition to combat scenes, is exciting. Does it bring something rare to you in the motion pictures of this era? real fears and fears. He builds with these strange and important mountains, which dominate many pictures and dwarf your heroes. Description of the deserted village and Thuggee religious figures "Kali!" it's really exciting. This dimension of horror is transformed into all other emotions that make us worry about these unpleasant characters and cause the comedy to become more and more tense. <br /> <br /> The real genius touch is how the eponymous hero guides the audience. We have the ability to see religion. Because any character is referenced or interpreted on several occasions before applying to it. Therefore, religion is not an important person in the world, but it is a very surprising character for us, as we often see the water that endangers our lives and gives immortal people. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors wasted without the helpless cast. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din is the best reel! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideally suited to the materials because their best roles were generally found in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grants are often particularly convincing in the best way, but sometimes it's just starting to climb and bump into her trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., is not up to the standard of his comrades, but nothing bad. And, of course, there is Sam Jaffe, who has been cursed by his appearance that can play these jingle little lizards, but who can play with such honor and humanity? I have not overlooked Errol Flynn's and Tyrone Power's exciting adventures, and I really love most of their pictures that they are definitely classic. But Gunga Din, it's the things that swashbucklers can not get the best of ever. In addition to the funny man or the gentleman's foolish girl, she successfully combines the genre of action with comedy and defeat, as well as the previous or several photographs. And that's amazing.
