I would like to give this movie 10/10, but in the current situation I can only score 8/10. <br /> <br /> Baby Face, with limited knowledge of film history, was, of course, one of the twofold that brought about the full wrath and fulfillment of the Production Code in 1934. (I do not know what the other movie is) As a result, the original embodiment of the film was not allowed to be postponed after 1934. Bits were cut and edited, and no original versions are available today. The best thing we can see today is that the TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, on the contrary, it has been made clear on several occasions and has a "happy ending" surprise. <br /> <br /> All of the above-mentioned films explain that the film is still being watched in a great and very entertaining way. Barbara Stanwyck is always beautiful and beautiful, as always. He is very beautiful and powerful; it has only the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been using her entire lifetime, starting with her father, local Erie, PA steel workers and local politicians, 'if you do not link me, speakeasy will let you sleep with my daughter'. Stanwyck's laughter on the face of the fire, when he died in a burning blast at the head of the firebird, is invaluable. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with the servant and leads New York. He looks at a skyscraper and begins to run its course fully. Starting with a Human Resources department with a staff secretary, he enters the bank to earn an entry-level position. From there, he lies with the sugar daddies with the increasingly strong men's bosses to help them make a high-paying job on the upper floor of the skyscraper, after every man from man (including many young John Wayne). Stanwyck does not stand up for the above. As Stanwyck works up to the ladder of the company, it is a great pleasure to see her and her daughter become increasingly spectacular in costumes and apartments. Stanwyck is the last femme fatale that manipulates in the flick! If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping George Brent's character (Courtland Trenholm) when I see Stanwyck's legs dead. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or more! The "happy ending" of the film for the Post-Code audience, the audience's discovery and nudity insulted the edge of faith: Bank's board members, Mr. and Mrs. Trenholmin, donated a $ million dollar gift to the bank and Erie's poor, now working with former VP Trenholm steel factories - The End of a steel factory, which we see at the beginning of the film, is the same. PUH-LEEZE - How LAME! The film ended with a suicide attempt, George Brent. Last, the overall mood of the film is better suited to the post-Code ending. <br /> <br /> Hopefully, the original version of this pretender is my lifetime (update: the original HAS has been found and should be in DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will use the TCM version and will cancel it before the lame-o Post-Code ends.
