"Baby Face" is a very old Barbara Stanwyck, a precod melodrama, which is almost identical to George Brent and Theresa Harris. I must say about a girl who goes to town to make a good city ... or a time. Stanwyck's father, the bad, depressed, poor Erie, pushed for some reason or another life in the city of Pennsylvania. After his father died, an elderly father who knows what he is in the past and who really is interested in his future advises him to go to the big city and use the easiest ones there and go high on the road. (Note that this part of the film was redone for censorship). He and Chico (Harris) Lily (nickname: Baby Face) went to New York, where the road down the road was very smooth. and will get it anywhere you want to go faster. In the most popular scene of the film, Camilla Lily moves us up from the floor to the floor and moves us through a corporate ladder. It eventually ruins a great person and can break out of daylight. Stanwyck created a lot of makeup, and most of the film was cool as a cucumber one after another and it was very good because one person did not regret it. playing the innocent victim. In a scene, jewels sits on a king's ransomed staring while wearing a black dress that looks like it is decorated with diamonds on top. Then she asks for another job for Chico and is filled with more jewelry, plus securities. All in one day's work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played or a glamorous and talented singer and dancer. Here, he reads or reads the theme of the movie "St. Louis Woman". He has worked with dozens of films here, and as Stanwyck's friend, he has done a very good job during the precode era. Precode movies may be more sexually provocative, and even though it's 70+ years old, the code looks more modern, as a strange product. Though these movies end up moral, the Baby Face learns her lessons - despite how life will be. This film has a few endings, all with the same message. It was an extra scene I saw, but there were two other ends that did not go through scenarios. (There was no code, but there were always censorships). In any case, this is a pure surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the film history - you have to see it.
