Bio flick or "Che: Parts 1 & 2" is really about getting my dreams to watch. Why? Because if my Cuban parents never found their exiles, I would have been the foundation for life if I saw this movie about this fierce mass murderer of the Cuban revolution. Hey wait? I'm older, they can not bring me any problems. Director Steven Soderbergh and the new comedy (sorry Steven, but I had to shoot Soder shoots here) film Commander Ernesto "Che" divides into two parts in the revolutionary life of Guevara. "Che: Part 1" introduces Fidel Castro's military band in the mid-1950s how Cuban President Fulcenko took part in a revolutionary search to overthrow Batista; as we know, was a revolutionary success for them, but for a great many Cubans, it was an ugly guerrilla calamity, because of the communism. "Che: Part 2", Chei, promoting the T-Shirt industry, tailors T-Shirt manufacturers to cast a T-Shirts with a striking bearbado face. Okay, I'm shouting a lot of shit against your path! I wanted to say that Che: Part 2 was trying to pull back the revolution of the 60s, but this time led to poverty, Bolivia, but to very different outcomes. In fact, Che was captured by the Bolivian militia in 1967 and was killed in 1967 when Soderbergh ordered the La Cabana Castle Prison inside Cuba during these two events in Che's life, and then entered into a mass killing of many cubans opposing mass communism is not. Soderbergh, Guevara, I do not really see how serious the show is going to be a cinematic injustice. Cheerleader Soderbergh hopes that Soderbergh will not glamorize him and, unfortunately, decided to present Guevara as a Revolutionary Hero, a thankless patient, now under the thumb of Satan. the audience and Benicio Del Toro must admit that he deserves the highest order and dignity shown by Che. And Demian Bichir sounded like an unhappy performer like Fidel Castro. However, the rest of the "Che" consisted of mediocre performances of actors depicting Guerilla soldiers. And how amazed to Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh make a revolutionary mix inside a Spanish-speaking fusion performance that depicts a Bolivian representative? Soderbergh did not present this biopic, "mostly speaking and acting insufficiently" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. There were so many things, even after the death of this ridiculous t-shirt, why can we give more to us? But when you're with Del Toro horns (as Steven is here), I think it's your grace to avoid "Che: Parts 1 & 2" completely. *** Medium
