The most talked-about American movie in the New York Film Festival in 2008 is 98% in the future in Spanish. The debate on the long film began at the Cannes Festival. There were great doubts about love-hate notices and commercial prospects. Conservative star, Benicio Del Toro, was awarded the Best Actor Award. I'm talking about Steven Soderberg's "Che". This version is the title of the name shown in New York, without opening the title or last credit in two hours plus two segments, as in Cannes. Ernesto "Che" Because Che Guevara is almost on every stage, 'Che' is certainly appropriate. Del Toro is a clever intelligent man, hiding in all the different manifestations, even in Bolivia, effectively, effectively, remarkably, impressively and sympathetically hanging from the glorious victory of the months, from the glorious victory of the months, to a spectacular defeat from the party. Great performance; <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> There is a genuine feeling - Soderbergh has made a decision in Spanish film (some of which are particularly bizarre in English segments). You have a good idea of ​​what a Chelik warfare is like in the style of Che: education, campesinos recruitment, morality, discipline, difficulty and battle - and gradually morphing up to the full stage with the company's doctor. military leader. Using a new 9-pad 35-mm quality RED "digital high-performance nerve camera", the film's time has passed to effectively duplicate the pictures of Peter Andrews and his crew, but sometimes read and <br /> <br /> Film Soderbergh two "movies" and the plan is to release them commercially. The first is the "Argentine", which reflects the leadership of China at the juncture of the 1950s and the city war, and Guerrilla and Che's worries about Bolivia's failure of nearly a decade after the 1967 Revolution an effective mission that led to the seizure and execution of Guevara in the year.The second part was originally filmed and originally written, and I think it was originally produced.The producer Laura Bickford stated that in the second part there were a lot of tension, movement film Yes, but both sides have a lot - many, too, but spend a lot of time with partisans after a guerrilla country.The Cuban team, Bolivia, who is trying to lead this, has been deprived of the guerrilla leader since the Bolivian rebellion. he did not visit a friend who was suspected of being camped outside of the campus and thinking of the Cuban communists as a godless aggressor who had been interviewed in the United Nations in 1964 and was interviewed at that time, but consisted of three parts in the first segment. The first part also improves, as Fidel has dropped the Cuban Fildingo Batista dictatorship in Santa Clara in 1959. <br /> <br /> Guerilla This really can start with a version of Walter Salles' s "Motorcycle Diaries" of European-level quality and Fiddel and Fate's stranglehold in Mexico and the July 26 Movement. More information about its vast expeditions and diplomatic missions can be found. From a complete picture of this man, from childhood to chess, curiosity in his poetry, far from his books; and even his international glory has been touched. What is his harsh and cruel side? Soderberger's most interested is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. Traces of more than 4 years, wounded and sick men and women, are idealistic sacrifices to end drunkenness in the woods and woods and to end the persecution of the rich. Someone remembers Terrence Malikin recalling "The Tin Red Line" and, yes, a unique episodic battle approach; but the 'Thin Red Line' has strong characters (hardly anybody comes out with Che as well) and this is really a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is an astonishing, yet incomplete and dangerous effort, for eight years, the love of loved love (more ocean to pay for it). The project is too short for regular theater freedom and is too short for miniseries. Radical editorials - or bigger expansion - could make things more successful, especially in the second half of the year. <br /> <br /> It's a good thing with a little chances, though, that this friction would be dismantled, though it was not clear how it was filmed.
