Now, of course, I'm not a student of the genre. In fact, I was always afraid to go away from the West because, as long as America's primal stories (or whatever) they all have in my cadets, they will stay me forever - Injuns, "great gunfight," or "Hey, let's make a posse! "In other words, it always seemed to me a genre that was rooted and closed to the convention, which made it a staggering and precious little place for its originality. (And yes, I saw some of them called at least" adults "and unapologetically called them Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and of course conscious [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood - Teams of Sergio Leone in the 1960s.) <br /> <br /> But I watched this movie on TV - as part of Jimmy Stewart's memorial after his death - finally GOT IT: I realized that at least the theory is what the Western mythology proposes as a serious thematic business (except for motion and excitement), which is a pushing step between law and order, America represents Western freedom, and also wild, despairing. Of course, maybe perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, a respected nation, and only residents should be unjust and obedient, those who spent justice from the roots of their revolvers, could not have the law of untold land. In such an environment, of course, the true heroes are, first and foremost, those who are inclined and free of incentives (and thus the "community" at least on the East Coast) and yet a sense of fairness to believe that a community based on chaos and fear is simply wrong there is. To catch and investigate this imbalance between law and violation, I believe in MAJESTY FORCES, after seeing this movie (the highest and most important of any West). Unfortunately, white hats are not completely as white, black ones are completely black (even if we do not talk about indians, say okay), and often too little colorful shades. /> <br /> This is not one. Jimmy Stewart is an open hunter hunter watching the tracks of the miners entering Alaskan Desert into the golden avenue. He has been played by lifelong friend Walter Brennan (perhaps the West's cliché character - as always, unpleasant to finish it all). Certainly, Stewart demonstrates his patented charm (let's really love the guy, can we do it now?), We undoubtedly have a self-centered, interesting character: his Gosh or Oh golly gee humanism someone is not allowed to come. Otherwise, I have to win the picture until the end of the picture. He must face unlawfulness and need unemployment and justice in the frontier settlement in the border village. This city, the evil sheriff, played one of the best "bad guys" performed by John McIntire by Mr. Gannon. He comes with lots of charm and humor and has such a relaxed and interesting communication with Stewart that he takes a little time to understand that he is really a bad person, when he finally leaves it. Certainly, by establishing a brilliant (absolute protected) friendship between McIntire and Stewart, the idea of ​​how close the film is to reality is, therefore, a spiritual distance to Stewart's end. <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the folds and go out into the field - the ones that are for yourself (including the solid and beautiful Alaskan décor - grounded, foolish, cheap styling). What is the main point here, how much does this story have on the character? Great dialogue and character interaction are often invaluable to replace the weapon. The movie is still static (read "talky"). One of the greatest performances I've seen from Stewart shows that he is a teenager, a "man of the man," who can be as convincing as a good and honest boy. If anything, in fact, his "harman" qualities give him a stronger credit, less like myth or more - almost Eastwood or John Wayne - and a more three-dimensional identity. <br /> <br /> His relationship with Brennan is well-known: simple, but still touched ("Mice and Men" - a completely different type of "George" and "Lenny"). Of course, there are more Westerners, but this is now my favorite, and I will definitely judge all the others. This is best known and appreciated.
