In 1930, when Luis Bunuel's 'L'Age Dor' was released, in Europe it was shocked and broke down, forbidden for forty years. Three years later, in 1933 when Europe was shocked, he again turned his head with a sympathetic symphony with Ekstase. The film plays the role of a young, unrecognized German actress, Hedwig Kies, whose name is named Hedy Lamarr after transferring to America to escape the hype of Advi Hitler. Eva is just a cold, distant lover (played by Emil Olman) to determine if it's a big mistake. Then a divorce, Eva, her legs and fancy free and one day, when a funeral dip in the sky, she discovered a beautiful, young engineer Adam played by Ahibert Mog (and she). After Evan's passionate night, Eva hopes to return her old husband, Eva, but now returns to find out that she has a competitor. Which transpires will not be destroyed. Czech director Gustav Machaty (guides the original screen version of Madame X, another illustration at romantic times) directs Robert Kornky's novel by Jacques Coerpel, Frantisek Horki & Machati. Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich have been featured in the film's velvet cinematography (photographer Avant Garde, Man Ray's photos of the transition to a few impressionist lights and shades). The fastest movie is given by Antonin Zelenka and is about the art of film art, roughly the Art Deco, by Bohumil Hes). If I had any movie about this movie, it was sounded by Giuseppe Becce for some melodramatic piece of music (some of them repeated and repetitious, often - some of David Lean's musical themes, especially Lawrence of Arabia and ' As Dr. Zhivago uses). A few years ago, the newly-restored print was made of the best welding material, one of the various available European pressures, which Vatican's "(yes, the right ... the church did not make a mistake) and the Hayes office in 1936, , published in Hayes Office (in the same way), minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (mainly visual experience), Hedy Lamarr (Tastefully Outstanding, Considering), which will not win the PG-13 rating so far, It contains a bare skinny, polished dipping scene that is not genuine by some suggestions of sexual content (same-case). See what interests you in early European movies or Avant Garde / Experimental Movies
