I'm not talking about giving this movie personally. The bad health of a child prevented me from going to the movies. For the first time since Roger Manvilles started to improve my health, I was introduced to the films during the Second World War through the film "The Movie", which brought me great pleasure, and today I could get another copy to read again. Introduction to many classic films like Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's magnificent documentary), Metropolis, Dr. Caligari Cabinet and Ecstasy; It was for the first time in this book and later at the University's Art House Cinema. Ecstasy has caused the Vatican anger to disperse Evan's Emil's divorce, her subsequent divorces, and the short skis he took at the buffet, but Roger Manville has not seen these minor issues and has debated the film as an excellent, excellent, outstanding diet. love is an image reflected by many IMDb users. A very young person, I agree with when I see it. Ecstasy did not have any more opportunities to come up with the introduction of home video - it was a memorable moment for you to worry about it. Very recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this surface to be very versatile. Ecstasy is an example of the continuity of human life, so the lives of individuals are insignificant - maybe Bernard Shew was a tribute he used in his aggressive agnostic writings as The Lifeforce. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy describes a young bride who is married to a middle-aged man who is no longer strongly sexually conscious. The dreamer is back home and divorces her. After meeting a young horse driver with a strong intercession, he meets at horseback riding. It's the first love and a great experience. His ex-wife will not be able to face the challenge, and a train on a young road raises them in the car, thinking they will kill them at the same level. But the train is stopped in time and the visible patient is taken to recover in a nearby hotel where he was later suicidal. When it comes to a soft, predictable and almost inevitable end after these exciting climacteric sequences, it emphasizes that the life of every human being presents both joy and tragedy, and continues to collectively share our lives in the collective and only through this stream we are really happy we can. This story is height, lack of actor; and usually, such a film, as it had been before for a long time, left garbage as well as the majority of the rich. The classic status of Ecstasy is exceptional cinematography, a long-lasting lyrical care and a very careful loving, combined with something random, but more important from the cinematographic point of view - it appeared after the sound and was probably planned as a silent film. The author is sub-titled, and the Director exploits the sequence of sequences accompanied by some sub-titles, and sometimes comes in love with the film. It is almost unique, making it extremely perfect to watch. Despite the constant emphasis on the issue in the tune, it is thoroughly understood by the fact that something that only reflects after the image. For example, names - Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on the night of marriage shows that trivia has become the most important thing in his life and that he has committed suicide because he does not have a constant purpose; a consistent series of erotic images (a flowering bee, a weight gained in a kilo, breaking pendant during Eva's virginal darling sequence, etc.); and the subsequent suicide sequence could be drawn in many different ways, but it is important for individuals to realize a number of positive things that affect the Society and serve to create a new life in order to continue this society. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 movie, I would have evaluated it on 9th - even compared to contemporary works that I will not downgrade. For me, the movie always "feel the need to see" the words I mentioned above have some errors in this decision). Unfortunately, in North America, contemporary estimates of this film have been distorted by Hedy Kies, a very short and relatively inadequate nuclear scene, in the 1930s (some critics have criticized such classic films as Hula, Back to God's Land, Paradise Bird, or some of DW Griffiths's and CB deMille's early works, were mistakenly remembered as the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film). <br /> <br /> This scene is probably part of the original novel, and if the movie director chose to rewrite it, the film would be very different. <br /> <br /> Two more ideas; First, this is a Czech film released in 1933. A few years later, the countries became the first victim of the Nazi persecution and seemed to be extremely visible to viewers of the last message about the hard work of generating positive benefits to society. at least two generations (I do not remember these followers screened after the war when I first saw these films - did they copy out what I saw?). Secondly, despite the fact that today's main message for me is that beauty is a lifetime, things of real beauty are often transient. We should all be grateful that some can be captured in the camera and can look at our comfort.
