This first western story of the Golden Rush brings great excitement, romance, and James Stewart. "A different country" is just one of the five Stewart-Mann Wests that are often inevitable. Stewart, again, sets out a new look at those people who are in the western five Stewart-Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) always looks for himself, though he is very surprised when he is nice and kind to people. In the advanced, he calls on his sail, he will not set out. This is something Tatum is given to him because he can only care for his sidekick, Ben Tothum, who was played by Walter Brennan - for a single person. Mann, again, sets out a new look at the present-day personalities he has set up in the five Stewart-Mann Wests. It shows violence, excitement, consistency, romance and corruption. The story is Jeff and Ben, along with a series of events, in the rich Dawson city, with the daughters Calvet and Flippen, along with good and beautiful Roman and employers. The generated sheriff, Mr Gannon (McIntire) and his "MPs", will not be allowed to go because of the Skagway route from Gannon. But ultimately McIntire comes to them, but Stewart and / or allegedly do not collect the fine that the government lends. What Is McIntire For Here? He has to deceive the miners' claims and money. People are killed. The sheriff for Dawson is considered usable and chooses Stewart because Calvet is good at the gun. Stewart refuses to work because he plans to get all the gold and then pulls it out. He also refuses to help people because they are constantly killed in law and order. Instead, Flippen is selected. A miner is killed because he is trying to get out of one of the men who are armed with a weapon called Madden, a clean knife armed with Wilke. Flippen strives to catch Madden and try justice, but he can not resist it, thus becoming the city's drunkenness. A man called Yukon takes over Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to draw, but they are abused by Gannon's men. Tatum was killed and Stewart was injured. Stewart finally realized that he should do something, or he would take Gannon Dawson, build his own rules, and become his city like Skagway. The audience also knows what Stewart should do. Another thing that the audience is doing is the only thing Stewart has to do with the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon would go into the city. If Stewart remains and does not do anything about it, the townspeople will kill each other harshly and uselessly. Here's a great scene. Included in the Stewart booth. There's a sling on his arm. A few seconds pistol, with a weapon, a post beside his bed, is close to the weapon, Stewart is in the background, just inside the door. It looks a few seconds. He throws a stick. Slippery soils fall behind and fall behind the chair. It is symbolic, because it throws old lives, which is not to care for anyone else. He comes to his new life to help people when they need help. The film's end is a good thing against a fierce, fierce evil against weapons and a really good feeling that everything will be fine.
