Unfortunately, in such cases, everyone is trying to assassinate others, since it is impossible to draw a clear picture of what really happened. This film is the victim of such cases. Writers (many of them) have decided to accept all of the stories and give the audience the opportunity to decide which versions of the truth they want the best. Just as in the case of a real life, there is no clear answer, there is no result, and the audience remains unsatisfactory (like coffee or heartbreaking sex). Whodunnits are never frustrating with any whodunnit and wondering what research did before someone put out there. <br /> <br /> Some movies, films, films, films, films, films, such as Kilmer (Holmes), play a prominent role in bringing some people into an unusual character. Kilmer and those who love real life and those who come to the film are allowed to see a human being who is anxious, even though the majority of viewers are very little and much loved by the audience. Holmes's wife, Kudrow, is a dramatic actress who can only be, but a very noticeable and unforgettable glow. The character of Bosworth was as emotionally complex as it needed and needed to demonstrate more internal conflict to trust the eventuality between Dawn and Holmes (after six months of fleeing to Florida). Bosworth's hand-to-hand approach is annoying, but the real Schiller shows no loss. Other characters were painful, unfortunately. If Lucas had been conquered for this role, he would have been an actress who could sink his teeth. Even Dylan McDermott was surprised to have been a drug dealer. <br /> <br /> The mistake of this film is not about casting, but on writing. Many chefs spoil the soup, and this long-lasting kettle is finally hungry. Stories and characters could be less than sympathy, but are not they in this first movie? Since 1989, Matt Dillon, who has played a leading role as a cowboy, has taken on a similar theme and has mastered some of the kind of fraternity you have had until the end of the film. Van Sandt could give James Cox and his team some lessons. If anyone were concerned about finding the truth and finding the truth, that would be an interesting story. Also, you'll find more accompanying WADD documentary (on 2 DVD discs) and more. You will realize that Holmes is not a bad guy on DVD, but there is not much good ... many people.
