Recently, I have come up with the habit of getting any DVD that Criterion has released. Even though I'm not fond of the movie, the criterion gives enough additional material to compensate for any deficiency in the actual movie. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my latest purchase and I said I'm not disappointed in the movie. It's happy, funny, and romantic. Everything is fine about it. Songs are beautiful. If I understood French, I would probably have blame them and read all their days. The actor for this kind of movie is very good. During the classic Hollywood, American music was based on more songs and dances than the real characters and stories, but the characters in Le Million were very well developed and the story is not very impressive, though it is not incomplete. I liked the development of relationships, especially the connection between Michel and Prosper, one of the best friends. Romantic moments have also evolved very well. The move is nearly perfect and with a few memorable moments. Perhaps the most perfect single scene of the film happens after a dispute with the leading couple. They were hiding on the scene of opera and read the lines of opera singers interpreted by their couples, Michel and Beatrice. This is definitely one of the highlights in the film history. The scene made me laugh, hurt me so much to win me a very romantic romance and how smartly the director was. <br /> <br /> Give this movie 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information, I'm doing and I plan to buy it. Among the Criterion disks that I already own, Le Million contains the fewest features. All this is a rare television interview with a photogallery (all useful, once flip) and director Rene Clair. This piece is of little interest. He was one of the many directors in the silent film, and he said that when he first appeared, he was representing the film's death. I think that most people who are filmmakers understand that these directors understand what they say, but it is interesting to hear her explanation. When you read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, note that it is important to note that every single line of the movie is not readable. In fact, there are no more songs than regular music. In fact, many things like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticisms on disk are not important. Heck, Criterion has the right to throw me around to make these complaints. In fact, their people spent hundreds of hours editing a film that only 20 (now 21!) People voted for, and only a hundred people will see the movie. Heck, when you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. Why is not my idea? This is really a matter of pride (of course, their website is awesome.) They did a great job in this movie. Bravo! They deserve all that I can give them!
