David Lynch's films and shorts will not appeal to anyone. Dumbland will not be, maybe even more. Because Dumbland finds people, "I'll get it" or "hell" will be a real sign. This surface is not real, but it's absurd in terms of boat. This is very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity, a racist intelligence might be able to tell him that the manufacturer knows very well how well this childhood and defect is, and that self-denial is not a penalty but a plus. <br /> <br /> This is just Hertzfeldt and Hakim's Animation show (I can add even more here with both Directors) a 20-year-old spouse and gang member and / or a child who looks like a cross between a wildlife. In these episodes, an incorrect treadmill is a dealer who can read Gettysburg, who is awaiting the law by his sick brother, who suddenly leads to hallucinations and is surrounded with noise around the wall. Lynch is still tested for better or worse than ever. <br /> <br /> First of all, he returns to the roots of the first short six Six Six Experiences. Sometimes it works well with excitement, and sometimes it does not work. Sometimes, like an episode sitting around the house, teeth talk about an abyss of bleeding and around, absorbing many candles without a good effect on the type of absurdism. An episode like the boy's friend is very funny for the Beavis & Butt-like comparison (both laughing like fools and killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up doing is to show how sensitive abstraction is in Lynch's ability to imagine, in the face of extreme violence. <br /> <br /> The guy who is closest to the soul in the "blends" incorrectly incorporates an insect spray on himself ("Kill," Lynch's very simple, but funny conventional) ants, solos on the line of chorus. One of the most exciting things I've seen from the filmmaker is to come to the "bar," where we see his son's surprise and a man with his stick on his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes emerge, and once the stick is removed, it does not look like traffic jams. Other moments are similar to unexpected twilight, and I'm not sure if it's a bad-haired tongue (mainly from the man, as well as the "grandmother" Humboldt, Dumbland, creamy reminiscent of a quality that can not be given to a person in the hands of a person who has not seen many of Lynch.In society, some smaller ones in the society can be either in the mind of Lynch's mind or with the exaggeration that we do not know better than what we actually think in real life There are usually many things to read, so I want to say more than half that I would hate a little passion, and those who make minimal garbage boom in the comic comedy are preparing to explode.
