Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a "Hulk" shirt and sails everyday to fulfill his role as a garbage man. He collects other garbage and uses his physical strength while taking the city dump. She reads comic book heroic stories, loves wrestlers and wrestling, is a yearly tradition on WrestleMania with her siblings Eugene. He speaks kindly to many who are in contact with the daylight. He sings comic books he finds in rubbish, often with a young man walking in the trash. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use the mind. <br /> <br /> Dominik's disability occurred as a result of head injury with head traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury has slowed down and has not changed its key features as a mighty person who helps to protect others. Dominick is able to live independently than he is at the beginning of the film. She lives with Eugene, who is studying to become a doctor. Without Eugene's education, Dominick provides a key source of income. Eugene must continue his education in a different city and suggest that he should move away from Dominica. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to emerge from his twin brother. <br /> The film particularly deals with domestic abuse and how it can affect individuals, families, and the whole community. Eugene's growing tension, like Eugene and Dominick, finally exploded on the birthday, when she realized they had to leave Nicky. Eugene pleads at Dominick and throws him over the wall. At the moment, Eugene, despite being a victim of self-assassination, should be against his fears as Dominick, as his father protected him, as being his insulting father. This event was then the surface of love between two brothers who were their best friends. Although they needed each other, it was also necessary to develop and develop relations with independence and others. The truth that must be separated was a very emotional tension. However, at the end of the film, Dominick wishes his brother good luck and wished him success. <br /> <br /> Eugene may abandon his brother, leaving her with confidence that she has started to create a social network that cares for her and helps her independence. <br /> <br /> Dominik has to face face-to-face because of his trauma when witnessing her husband abuse. In the event of extreme stress, Dominick almost completely closes. Later, he was taken to the hospital to see what his friend was doing. After learning that the boy is dead, he fears for his insults and is confronted by an insulting father who says he has not seen anything, knows nothing and says nothing, and if he does, he will kill him. Now, when his life is threatened, Larry finds and finds the weapon of the rats killed. He followed the dead boy and was shot with a gun and ran away from the grieving family's baby. He goes away from the scene and is hiding in the building. When the police besieged him, Eugene went to the building to talk with his brother. Eugene then points out Dominick's disability and brings the baby back. A horrible father then uses a weapon threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him, and Dominick tells the people that the father throws his son off the stairs. <br /> <br /> With the climatic ending, disfunctional behavior is taken into account. Dominick's instinct of rescue the baby can be understood, though we can see how harmful it is. Dominick put the baby's life and his life seriously threatened. The larger social consequences of these events are not directly linked, but rather through the ending films. Despite the more optimistic ending, the sequence of another event may well have to do with Dominik's abduction and firearms. It is difficult to believe that it was not considered completely. Additionally, although Dominica is not charged, there may still be a stigma in the community, since there is still no one before these events. Instead, the film shows that it is important to recognize and address the problematic behaviors. <br /> <br /> Rainman, Dominick and Eugene, won five films titled The same film in 1988. Dominick and Eugene may argue that there are more valuable lessons for the community, while Rainman is a success and helps to increase visibility with a disabled person. Nonetheless, Rainman showed that the basic American society would be able to learn and care for a "savant" if the 'savant' was the heir of a great property. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with disabilities can take care of and save the members of the American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities could have been very powerful for 1988. Hopefully, one day, people with disabilities see the strength of society, not the danger, but the strength of society.
