I just took two DVDs on this DVD and found it to be a fun way to spend a lot of time with the overall experience. I have to say that I am a great admirer of zombie films, and I really should have lots of nice people who shoot these films. Sometimes I have a soft spot for people who work against everything in order to live a dream. Again, these people are doing it. Is this the award-winning set of a perfect movie? No, it's not even close. However, these movies should be recommended for what they do in their unique budgets. The bottom line for me is always there, am I having fun? Do I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer was "Yes". The first ones in the series are the same. In a nuclear object, some sort of crash opens and people melt or melt something. A few years later, a new housing complex was built and cut into an old reactor. Some children draw a video and fall into a pit and find themselves closed at low levels of the object. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed and people who come from the opening hear the cries. Soon, the whole city will be seized violently. And these zombies are entertaining. They never come out of the coolest caries make up for the cheapest clash in white, but they have fun. The entire film, with the hero's take on the lower levels of the reactor to remove the meat-eating zombies and pierce the perimeter of the pit, results in a twist between the last survivors and songs of the region! It was very cheesy, but I had to think about it. Still, it moves very fast, has windows with terrific effect, and really wants to have a style. The player is uneven, but some good speeches shine and really listen to the way of interpretation. I went back and found this to be a good deal about court and entertainment that looked again and it was tattooed by the crew and movie. Director Todd Sheets is proud of his first film, but has no delusions. He knows that he is a poisonous zombie movie, but he respects those people. Also, the Coffee House is a great humor and a little bit of integrity that others can learn from the movie field. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is also entertaining. I felt as fun as the movie I prepared for that. Behind some great interviews and scenes that are confused with news about some of the great places such as CNN, FOX and MTV. An entertaining little movie, which is very rude around most of the others, but it still makes me laugh and enjoyed the trip! I saw many DV movies and several video films, and many missed it, but it really was not. Although the new DVDs are technically superior, they're just fun! Generally, it's a little flawed, but it's free, with many extra and extra tones and splashes. Not to violate the great rules of the movement, the series has fun and always found a laugh, so this set is a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to get the award-winning craft here, he sometimes had fun with everything, fun zero-budget, splattery horror, and ending the game, and he succeeded.
