Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a great Michael Jackson admirer, grew up with music, Thriller was the first music video I've ever seen. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was a godlike man, but the women had fallen asleep before waiting for themselves without seeing them, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker has begun to take the best of Michael's success and releases the record-breaking popular Bad album, making her first album with six albums. Michael is an incredible artist, he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to action or when it comes to storing a flat story with the audience? <br /> <br /> We are very simple: Jackson's music, life, career, success and mania, the world's 80th-star, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 30s style gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect his children. Once Jackson is allowed to be close to children, we play in an area with children and dogs. He goes away from the loss of the dog, and Jackson and children, Mr. Big, opens the drug of Frankie Lidoo, and begins with children who want to get all the planet's population dependent on drugs. Mr. Bik knows Jackson and his children, but they run away; Jackson explains how to meet children in the 30th class of the club, which appeared to be a nightclub of abandoned dating back to the 1930s. The story goes back to attackers in Jackson, and here it turns out that Jackson is actually a magic gangster who pulls out a star. Like a club, Jackson has become a sports car and has thrown a handful of Mr. Big's help. The story is played on children in the 30s and children are primarily afraid, but when Jackson appears they change the club atmosphere and the children return in the 1930s. The club is now packed with zoot suits and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance with other club members who act as music clips for Smooth Criminal. On the surface of the song, Mr. Big takes the siege of a big club and kidnaps one of his children, Katie. Jackson returns them to Big's bed and is surrounded by his merchants. Mr Big harms Keiko by threatening to threaten Katie with highly addictive drugs. Although Katie was only able to catch the glasses of Joe Pescini and get exhausted, Mr. Big made a great decision and ordered men to kill Katie, but not before a shooting star flies. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Yup, ummm, you want more strangers? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is entertaining for the first half hour, sees Michael's success, and sees all the hard work he really likes once again. Basically to praise his album? Yes, I love how much I spend on the first 25 minutes, and if so surprised, then we go to the song "Remember Me", it's not a big song, it's not a minor turn of events. The story was incredibly weak when jumping shrouded moves: Michael and Katie spying on him, dumb, Michael is a substitute for a substitute, a vicious monster plan to make kids laugh? In addition, the murder has a number of massive signs to make Marquee red. But a new video for Smooth Criminal, if anything is amazing in the movie. This music video is perfect, it has choreography, structure, song, sophisticated style, Michael has always gone from above and from perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I like Moonwalker as a child, I still look fun in this day, but this is not the best movie, it's pretty foolish, but if you are a fan of Michael Jackson. <br /> <br /> 7/10
