My third comment here is the two-poster comedy team: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is 1940. History is the latest film from the old Hal Roach's long-term home studio. I'll celebrate the importance of the latter. The last time Stan worked on the "The Fun of Lot", it has recently been with supportive players, who are known as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, most of the films. Art Lloyd will serve as a cameraman and Marvin Khatley, the song maker known for the song "The Cuckoo Song." And Stan Laurel would be the last time to have a full creative control over what happened to the film. If L & H is a usual thing in a usual way, it's nice to know that most of these craze is really funny. Roach Staffer Roy Seavright, long-term, covering the majority of sound and visual effects. Nevertheless, Ollie has worked on a "hornofoby" in a noisy horn plant, so Dr. Finlayson goes to the sea to relax. Stan does not want to go on a boat, since Stan does not have to go anywhere, offering only one lease. After finding out what they want, see that convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) just ran away ... I stood there and said that L & H would be a good end for a long-term home. This is not a joyful one from the beginning to the end, and it is really unfortunate when one thinks that it is the last one to be partly responsible for their merger. Oh, and I want to say a few more: this is Harry Bernard's latest movie shot from a port patrol after Stan and Stanley encountered a police officer and was born in New Orleans, Ben Turpin. This is my second officer, Baton Rouge, for a few hours. The latter performs especially the original comic host. All this was the latest film from Stan and Hal Roach Studios since 1940. The first photo of a comedy team born in the state of New Jersey was its first home to its home studio "Universal". The film director will be the same as leading Flying Deuces L & H last year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. In this film, Virginia Lusil Jones's violin head crashed with a roller coat. This event brought Oliver "Babe" to Hardy to send her flowers to the hospital. They were exposed to love and married on March 7, 1940. In 1957, Babe's death continued.
