Jacknife is a war movie that distances war from warfare. The only way that any warfare affects the story or characters is in their memories and is not even so difficult to illustrate because it can be classified as a difficult war movie. It creates very interesting questions about life, especially if only one of the film's tag is really alive (and therefore the tagline is just Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) talking about all three characters of the film). Dave and Megs were friends at the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take a long-haul fishing trip, perhaps because of Dave's prediction. <br /> <br /> DeNiro should love us, if he is not really sure, or if Martha was as nuts as she thought, she would perfectly character Megs. Dhex recalls several times that Meg is not his friend, only he knows. At the beginning of the film, Megs has an early stage in the movie where he takes 6 packages of beer for breakfast, and Dave is not in the corner of the room when he says these words. Megs stops for a moment and then comes out into the room with a smile and a great smile. From today, I do not understand what he is feeling after listening to what he was listening to when he was remembering what he was planning to do today. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris speaks with such a thing: "First, let's say that people often tell each other and they do not plan to do something." It's a wonderful performance like Dave, never having to deal with the war. Even after many years, he was unable to get a friend's death during the war, so far he has been charged with fraud and spoiled his life by alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. What he wants is that people should leave him alone. He is a man who wants to forget that he is alive if he does not leave alone or leave people alone, to keep away from the world as much as possible. br> <br /> His sister Martha remembers myself in terms of my guest room at least. I have two hospices at the age of 21 and 24, and both are still living with their mothers. Especially (just one adult, unfortunately, enough), there is no clue about how to care for itself, and I'm not surprised when I'm eating it. Martha should do the same thing as she waits for her brother, his wife, and his wife, likening her to another man. Martha and Dave survived a terrible life, and nothing could change as long as there was no major change, and Dave was a change to do. <br /> <br /> I'm complaining about romance in the film, because Roger Ebertin complains of these pitiful little tensioners, red digital readers. But in this case, I do not think negative impact on the rest of the romantic film, which is developing between Megs and Martha. On the contrary, it is more interesting because it was unexpected. The problem with romantic subplots in Bruckheimer films, and how long are they expecting, just wait for the most obvious look and hope that something along the way will be interesting. However, it is unclear if something happens between Megs and Marta, because we do not have enough information about Meg. Martha can be right about her, one of Dave's crazy war friends and she is a man that she should be dating. Dave is definitely encouraging this idea. <br /> <br /> After a few years in this film, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he faces a criminal offense on which he has been revenging his lawyer. Retrospective, Jacknife Martha finally understood the mistake, it is fairly easy to think that Megs can be saved, and she and Dave rescued a terrible attitude and then decided to clean up his action because he did a good thing for her. I was expecting it to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Meg were together and were more pleasantly surprised when asked about all the questions they had planned after the war with Megs. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, it is a slow-moving drama, but Jacknife has a great share in driving the fun and cheerful cheerless joy along the way. At the end of the movie, which is quite adapted to the rest of the film, there are many tale feelings, but it is good that the film does not end up with something that has so far completed. Everyone with a cake gives a great performance and is just one of the rare films that you want to climb and swing in the air.
