"Italian" is one of the largest or near-large films produced in 1915. This year, especially in American films, Lois Weber's "Hippocrates", Cecil B. DeMille's "The Cheat" and of course D.W. Griffiths set new criteria for the art of "the birth of a nation." In addition, in that year Russian director Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best paintings, "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French series 'Les Vampires' also has fans today, although I do not agree with them. The emergence of a long-term film ruled Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but the advantage of this market and to some extent the art passed into the Atlantic area in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most powerful artistic accomplishments of 'Italian' are his stunning and often innovative cinematography. To buy a wedding ring there are some of the lines that cover the Italian racing with a slightly higher height and another shot that holds on a moving car, and in general, there are different camera angles and experts have a wise use of lighting. Especially a nice shot, Italy frustrated because slowly came to the camera to get closer, D.W. Griffith's "Pig Alley Muslims" (1912). <br /> <br /> <strong> Anger against people living in the Caucasus. Reginald Barker is now the director of the first film, but five or more of the other films she has prepared for her are still present, but not very remarkable, "Civilization" (1916), which was working on it, was a great production, but it was a deeply defective film, and I guess one or more of the different cinematographers working in "Civilization" also "Italian". <br /> <br /> Moreover, all production was very well developed, though Venice and New York were well-documented in Los Angeles (romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for the New York's ethnic peaks), though perhaps one or two , there are extensive flashbacks, especially as the intellectual framework of the narrative is read in the same book, read by the same actor George Beban, leading. The story read in a short time, which is reflected in the children's room inside story of revenge in his heart at the beginning and closing of blinds curtain opens and opens and closes with a brief window blinds. Parallel editing, soluble in the camera and iris, and they are experienced. Additionally, Beban and Clara Williams play a good role as their spouse. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, 'Italian' has some deficiencies. The film's romanticism from the romantic Italy to the New York City environment works well, although the film's comedy shortage is quite disharmoniously in the early moments of the hard and heavy parts of the melodrama, although the film is supported by lighting and photography. In this film, the defective solution developed by America's sleepless photography should have been strikingly surprising for the immigrant classes that make up a relatively large population of the filmmaking community. The character of Corrigan should be further promoted; his brief initiative for another politician appears to be inadequate for his central position in Italy's revenge. In addition, filmmakers were either medically inaccurate or inattentive to the lack of seed sowing and the lack of faith in the healing power of the other child's thirst. In addition to the deficiencies in the field, 'Italian' is quite well prepared.
