Did you see the graduate? Adopted as the next generation film. But a river flow belongs to all generations. Long before the character of Dustin Hoffman, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were faced with the same repressive pressure as they were trying to find their place in the world. But WW1 Montana could have been a showcase for America as a place where the Wild West was still not completely abandoned? Only Maclean entered the strike deeply, and what should we do to find ourselves? As the film opens, Norman is an elderly man passing through a fugitive river trying to understand his course. The film is, in fact, a journey through the flow of intellect, when it is actually a child, the end of time and return. He and his younger brother, Paul, were a Presbyterian minister and son of a dedicated mother. Parents are fully in line with their roles. Home looks at home and home. Father does the work of the Lord. They think what happens when they grow up. Norm drops a minister like a boxer or a father. Given the choice, the small Paul would be a boxer because he did not even make a choice for the pro flyfisherman for the first time. The boys grow up and worry about their toys, see who is tough and fight in the work of the brothers, all attend the church and participate in all the other spiritual matters as they fly. They are at similar points of life before college. But in Norm Dartmouth for six years, everything is very different. Paul is at the beginning of his game. Master flyfisherman. He is a graduate of a nearby college and newspaper correspondent, who knows everybody from the steel and knows every judge on the bench. Norman teaches the day in a very striking way, but his father does not give an idea of ​​what his life is like as he intends to do. At least for the Poplar, you felt that God called you to the work of life. But you have to be open and ready to accept it - all your life. My dad always made his son look on the river and thought of God's eternal words. Call the ancestors who say "Hear". There are also Zen and Quakerly. Stoyik is quite radical for the clergy. But all the beauty and surprise, though, is that Macleans are really a family of God, who is afraid of God. How does Maclean's family solve? Paul is a true perfection when fishing in the river, but feels the feeling of gambling and drowsiness, and does not know how his family protects herself from where she heads. The Mom, Dad, and the Brothers appear to be in the same tranquility without knowing what to do and why they can not help. Pauly all this with only one heart and his irresistible charm. But the younger brother takes himself. Norman finds life in his life, finds love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family who loves her desperately await. Mothers, fathers, brothers, try to help in their own ways, but none is very effective. How dangerous is a family who loves each other so good to handle this? Well, in God's nature, there can be an endless and gracious man, but would not God's people want to take refuge in the structures of the society that were created for them? All this is the questions that Norman's whole life has to offer. The eternal words underneath the deep stones of the river persistently persecute him, and still keep his secrets. The movie is great to watch. This, of course, is the land of God and won an Oscar for filmmaking. Director Robert Redford plays with a story in the book and hears the story a bit and works well to watch his emotional model. But go back and read your book. You will see Norman builds deeper relationships with films about old man, and you see places to correct the story's many words. to the unknown.
