I read a short story by Norman Maclean and justified Norman Maclean's writing. My husband is sometimes trying to read it again, and I read myself and the movie scenes come to mind. We have videos of many of Redford films, and we've been watching "A River Run It" many times. Redford is a part of "famdamily" as usual. Regardless of whether Redford accepts Norman Maclean and Montana beauty. The scenario reminds us that my father is the same as my father's father, MacLean's. "A River is busy with doing this", "Metodists are Baptists who can read," this is not a short story, but it's a funny line! My wife and I read Baptists well! <br /> <br /> I've heard a movie critic that the speed of this movie is very slow. I do not agree. As a search for internal peace, this is the type of movie that allows you to think about the beauty of nature in three or four rhythms of the metronome. Photography is superior! Acting is great. When Norman and Paul talk to a boy, do I love the scene and be a fisherman or a boxer? Then, as a mature Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven), he will not accept the "perfect man" who needs help with his alcoholism. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses worms as foodstuffs, and he needs help, but does not accept that he needs help. Paul has to wait for eternity to abolish oats and the whole family grace! Finally, after a few hours, all kneeled around the desk: "Grace!" and they all leave. But oatmeal remained on the plate! The scene where the two love birds and their posteriors are their tattoos! It's funny! Sunburn! When Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to cross the train line, go home! Redford himself does a great job as a narrator, because Norman wants Jessie to come to Chicago with her wonderful dialogue. <br /> <br /> I could not stand up to compare Bred to the young Redford (Park Yalınayağı). The nominated director, producer, actor is a visionary not only in the United States, but all over the world, but also for its development. I'm happy to live at the age of nine because I've seen black and white television, movies, and the beginning of all the technology and special effects, watching videos at home and seeing her works to live with Redford in the same century. Redford has no special effect on showing the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. It separates me from death, memories and reality. Redford shows the Creator's hand so magnificently, and a tea is full of it.
