Coonsin may be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like the best of his work, it is face-to-face and does not shy away for a second, but unlike other things, he is not very imbalanced, despite the contrary, with contrasting images (he is the best of both before and after Coon's Heavy Traffic and Wizards). Of course, Baku focuses on stereotypes and racial perceptions, but it seems like a free-of-charge film. Although the look does not stop there. If it were a blaxploitation flick of ingenuity animation, this is enough for a significant feature. But Baker's goal is high: In Manhattan's urban circles in the '70s, not just the black people, but the Italians / mafioso, homosexuals, Jews, to throw out these strange and exaggerated images of New York type, not to do anything realistic. <br /> <br /> We are looking at abstract stereotypes, conventions and horrendous forms of racism (for example, "red" - tulips, baby "joke, yes joke, plus black party). Not all of them are good at all, Bakshi does not take it seriously, but Spike Lee, in contrast to Bamboozled, sends a message, so Coonskin is a piece of work that has been accomplished and wandered and, of course, incorrect scenes I liked the area where the animated character was talking), not a laugh, just like the "colorful" and the like of the real-life white couples in the tux and dresses.) This is not just an incredible "ending" appearance, but scenario is sharp and, in this sense, There is a narrative directly related to improvisation and madness. <br /> <br /> From the first live action then using the animation, the extremely elegant matching of the latter (what is Iraq, in the form of trading with Bakshi, then Cool World? Pappy and Randy stand in front of a prison wall to escape a friend and are directly opposed to a Jabba-the-Hut-esquire Godfather character who describes the story of Brother Rabbit with Rabbit, who went to Harlem with Pappy, Brothers Bear and Preacher Fox, and a great time hoodlums . <br /> <br /> According to some statements, he goes to heaven with his murdered comrade and animated film of Baku. combining forms; stand behind animated characters and move along with the origin of live action; violence is as bloody as it could be in 1975 when weapons and wars took place; When a dirty cop is in a stick and is numbed, dark and dressed, even walking through Disney Dumbo; A Boxing match with Brothers Bear and a rival unit such as the summit, taken with a slow motion; <br /> <br /> It operates like Melisson's Coonskin entertainment near Mel Brooks or Kubrick or South Park. then the second of the thinking provocation. This is a brave film on an independent scale; For a long time since everything has been assembled for endlessly decomposed designs (but based on the whole theme theme) for montage and symbols, it serves much more opens script, interpretation for all B-movie descriptions interpretation. Calling this racist kidnapping a point; This is Dr. Strangelove's call to atomic bombs or the United States slavery service. And one of the best lines for me.
