An extraordinary reality occurs when a phenomenon occurs! The salvation of the savior, the robbery, the hurricane, something unusual in the path of everything, or any other spectacular event! In the case of the Maclean Family, reveille was something far more complicated than the daytime ... At the beginning of the twentieth century, the Mantana was a rough and noticeable environment ... The Maclean family is the fourth family, whose father is ideally governed by his family to raise his family. His wife was God-fearing and kind. The two guys were good ... BOYS !! What else can you say? Brad Pitt really played in this movie before! Brad Pitt and his performance at this film were one of the least remarkable ... his brother Norman was a cerebral type, touched upon true emotions, and a number of values ​​agreed with Missoula, Montana! Paul (Brad Pitt) was an offset mistake and lived beyond ... In the 1920s, Montana would have thought it was not such a thing, but somehow gambling, drinking, and violent clashes, like Paul, his pitfall! Fly fishing! Did he say that? Parenthetically, this was the theme of the film! The flight of the fishing boats serves as a connecting link to Maclean's brothers' souls and homogenizing their father to a lesser degree! I would describe the actors in this movie in an incredibly convincing way, and cinematography went astray. Everyone who sees this film wants to live in Montana. Blue Blue Mountains and Blues Blueprinted Films Captured Young Men Imagine Working For Maclean Brothers' Life to make ... anyway, in a sense, the feelings immediately call for a submissive power to accomplish everything that might be the desire of someone to succeed. The Macleans brothers lived their lives well and could have been better or worse, and that would be the only way they could be both of them! ... Robert Redford directs this film and explains Maclea's story with his brother Norman's perspective ... Norman has offered a job at the 26-year-old Chicago University and has always married a beloved woman ... This film also showed that a younger sister, Paul, has achieved success with the remarkable fly fishermen's epitome, its nt! The selective side of life dominates in the presence of a younger brother and shows a sophisticated ink form for the Maclean family! Since Maclean's family has been ill-treated for many, it is a family that puts the rotten water down (exactly) and puts the necessary rivets in it! <br /> <br /> The end of the film presents an epigram of life in the eyes of an elderly brother, who works "this way." For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a condition for perseverance in his years! It is a great fate that will not wait for the past, reflecting his life! The memories of the brother, spouse, mother and father of his father must now be considered philosophically! For Norman, he has been stubbornly guilty of his life, his suspicious appearance and a dangerous solution! The simple thing, "This is your life, and how you live it" is a simple reminder of joy, sorrow, regret and love, it was, and it was a buyer! The last sermon he had heard of his best father, his father said, "We can love someone without understanding them completely." Even if you admit that you are in your life, it is still! Norman Maclean must face the fact that his life is split apart! Norman Maclean has become a defective octogenary polarized by virtual results for his life! The dark waters of Montana's spectacular rivers have been extremely offensive to their earthly years! Without a question, the very productive expression of the phrase "sophisticated looks really is very simple" does not produce a very tolerant message in this film ... to put something more simple ... Norman's people and places that are important in life are now a painful toilet memory ... only Montana a gruesome intellectual combination of events that aggravate the flowing streams and flowing streams of rivers ... For the entire Maclean family, "everything is merged into one and a river passes through it"
