Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a century. Who does not know these two? There are countless fans who want to die for filming them. Sandy went to Collora and put a trailer for such a movie (not available and less created by this team). Perhaps this is most polished what goes on. Throughout all, cinematography is solid. Making it spot-on. With more suitcase suits as more funny partners than feature films that feature this character, production values ​​are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical types are as compatible as I can say to each character. The lines are basically written. Shooting is well-thought-out, well-acquired and extremely effective. However, these problems exist and, despite their good looks, Grayson's energy and abilities are incompatible (like a limited passion that leads to the introduction of numerous characters and ideas, which is only a matter of short-range and repetitive repercussions). Acting is perhaps the most obvious. This is not good. Someone who has only one line and / or looks hard on every side of the screen will not be able to deliver a good performance. Actors thrown into sections appear to be more selective, as they appear to play more characters than their ability to play. Then there is a post. Indeed, the plot is good, there is a minuscule amount (this is a characteristic of this characteristic team, some bad thing). There is a problem with the image. Though most characters seem appropriate, Two-Face is a good thing (this is just what I have understood) Batman Forever (and compared to Joel Schumacher's efforts to describe any element of the Batman universe, your job is the biggest insult to the fan It can be done). Additionally, putting this character into a trailer and a movie (honestly, Kolorora is practically similar with a preliminary explanation) * will lead to a comparison of films, and in doing so, we should respect. Michael Antonik does not necessarily have the appearance of Tommy Lee Jones and makeup (important in the above statement), although the movie is not strong (this is another issue). It is a pity that Fiorella (Grayson's John) novels seem to be more visible and can further deepen them (they have no ability to create a more credible imagination). Grayson, a half-featured film or more material for the film), Collora's use of funds, and a shot that has a lot more relevance to the trailer's trail (because of its uncertainty over its filmography). I intend to follow other Colora jobs. But Fiorella is one of two of my business interests. I suggest this to my beloved characters. 7/10
