This movie, which is a children's filmmaker of the 1980s and an admirer of heavy rock music, has a special place in my soul. There is everything you could want in an extraordinary movie: action, great special effects (1986) and a glam-rock soundtrack that sings guitar. This, of course, was a movie for all heavy metal fans. I did not see it in the cinema because the movie was never released ... But from the mid-1980s, the popularity of the video provided its religious status and eventually led to a DVD broadcast in 2002 (simply mediocre). If you're not a fan of creepy cinema or rock music, it's probably not your cup of tea ... but trust me, there are such bad movies ... ugly ridiculous situations, Trick or Treat most certainly a crying above the usual horror riff. Your stereo does not look the same way again. Or Need To Repeat MP3s? TRICK or TREY TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) starred comic Skippy Handelman, a popular long-running "Comedy Comcomble sitcom" called "Family Ties". "Little Devils" refused to play in the Stand-up comedy after a direct video flop, including "Killer Tomatoes Eat France" and "Rescue". Recently, he is reviewing the TV's retreat. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now Hollywood's great producer and screenwriter. '' Space: Above and Beyond '' X-Files''Final Goal''Jet Li's One''Willard and finally, 'Last Destination 3', and has prepared a number of great movie and television series. Tony Fields (Sammi) acted as a dancer in the "Solid Gold" series. He played a few low-budget movies and television shows, playing the role of the devil Sammi Curr, called Trick or Treat. Unfortunately, Tony died on February 27, 1995 on AIDS-related cancer. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) remembers the pioneering role of the gay twentysomething Matt Fielding on the popular sitcom 'Melrose Place'. Since then, he has a long career and a variety of actor career: "One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation 'and short-lived Joss Whedon's fantastic series' Firefly', currently on the Smash hit series, Desperate Housewives It can be accepted as Tom Scavo.
