I have to admit that for the first time, it is difficult to watch the film Antonioni from beginning to end, and even in this case, we have looked at three episodes. In the end, I realized that it was better than this, because it forced me to stop thinking about the usual scheme and the scenes alone. <br /> <br /> The first part looks brighter, it's not a bad thing, it simply requires more effort to watch. As for desert scenes, all efforts are fully paid. Stunning cinematography is just part of it, and it is truly an unforgettable experience of how great the landscape is, the silence and the breadth, the mood and freedom feelings, these bilateral relations, the young characters. The desert is dead but at the same time less distant and distant than the urban scenes. Flying airplane makes a huge number of dancing on a girl's car. The scenes of love in the desert are simply beautiful, and this approach is difficult to imagine in one of our time films. Certainly, there is something very sophisticated and studied about them, but at the same time they are rarely able to express a natural, spontaneous sense of responsibility. All this is empty and not written (due to the legendary action), but ultimately the result of maniaeal attention to the detail and form of the summit in the series of explosions. <br /> <br /> In some of the movies, it's very interesting for me. <br /> <br /> Some of the movies, with the hinges, but if the whole movie theater was like this, it would be really boring and sad; ambitious - perhaps, but it is an ambitious compliment when combined with the actual skills, depth, and style of such ambitiousness. "Political" criticisms give me the least meaning, and I do not see the idea of ​​approaching a similar film with ideological rivalry or patriotism. The goal is only defeat. As an earlier commentator, Antonioni also viewed these young people as "hippies" and police actions against the police and the foreigners' charm, but likewise adds something apart from the film. It is true that the Hippies do not exist in Italy (think of the '68 protests in France as well), but differ from the American allies and, in some ways, more warriors. But the interest in this film is not political. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is probably the earliest pre-historic video of contemporary "craftsmanship" music, as well as a peculiar The film is one of the concept of soundtrack, but unlike the past, the music is used in a more subtle manner, mixing it with a lot of motion. <br /> <br /> Do not worry if you like a movie in a movie. If you want to be embarrassed, be patient and do not regret it.
