When this film was made, the hippie walked in general. The ideas of the opposition culture are well-established, so a great film can be created. But there is something to say and it's really nice. Apart from those waiting for the movie, it is credited for the most beautiful scenes of this movie (enough to see the movie). In fact, the film is more popular than the soundtrack of this movie is another plus. Pink Floyd's really good fit with explosions in "Euene Pumpkin" explosions, the lack of music on other scenes gives the film a nice quiet mood. But. As you can see, most of the messages in this movie have been ignored. If you do not understand, as I have seen most, I will give you some instructions: Adam (hard man, what is his name? Mark) is a part of a "reality group". . He says this is something like "I do not want to die, but it's not a lie." Then, with a joyful flight on a stolen plane, it is likely that you seek some actions. As in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (Live / Dead album) is played (I think). In this song, "Can we go?" There are words, although it has not been heard in the movie (probably this is a very important thing.) Looking at a girl on the plane (Daria) carries the driver to a conference in the car (typically suburban families, allowing a very comfortable place in the desert, the thing is very simple and beautiful, for the whole family!), dive down, almost by car. He puts the plane on board and sends his daughter to Detroit. They stand at Zabriskie where they enjoy each other as creatures and nature. Later, a family with a big car (from the type of luggage) and a boat trip showed that a family visited the Zabriskie Point, and the father says something like "all the way down here," and the child sitting in the car is confused. I thought "it was not better than this television." Daria Marki is now back in the plane with a psychedelic style painted on the one hand, "no war" on one side and the "no word" on the other hand. It is written on the plane at Bucks Sucks. Mark says, "I do not risk anything at all" or, before telling Daria, she pulls the plane back to its destination and gives a few instruction that it does not care about its fate. (This does not give him anything to do with the environment, "surprisingly what's happening in the real world"), he faces police officers who fired him in spite of making it straight at the airport. Darya is listening to the radio, but she decides to go to the conference. Here, he is remembered only after adventures with his murdered friend. It is more than just a pool of fresh water on a rock. Inside the house, the viewer is once again given an indication of anti-materialism: The glass looks inside the wall and holds its hands to the glass as closed. Businessmen argue, one is afraid of doing something big and the other is losing money. Daria leaves the house and returns to her and feels bruised. After home, something else exploded, for example, a television. <br /> <br /> As before, the "real group" describes not just as much as it is sitting on, and after meeting with Mark, he speaks, does not act. It is evident that everything is as bad as it is, and it feels inevitable to fight it. He wants to leave. Seeing his point of view, Daria is helping her "not in action but in action." Death, which he finds inaccurate, leads to his death, Daria uses these ideas in a more constructive way. You see how the movie is polluted by a city (LA) trade (I have to show you so badly), you see what businessmen are doing in the future, and you're also unhappy <br /> <br /> < > <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> The head of the Caucasian Muslims Office: </ strong> <br /> <strong> And I find it strange that this movie might be meaningless. If you say that the points are very open, this film is likely to resort to hippie radicals after the drilling hits. Although there are many things to say, and though its message is still needed today, many things are developing in the same way as the 60s ago. Zabriskie Point describes a story about pretty young people (the hipians are not far from earning everything around the tip of pickles), they are looking for what they really want and what they want for traditional dissatisfaction. And this is done in a really good way.
