I told him that he was one of those films, "You either love him or hate him". Yes, I liked it. The clear hippie cycle, dated and easy symbolism and all. So when I came to Antonioni, I probably did not have any taste, but this and La Notte (ten decades ago) are my favorite favorites. Two years before Zabriskie Point was born, Michelangelo had to be a great American epic. But as it turned out, it turned out to be a flop. Why can not I really see it? Before I watched it, it was very boring, so I attracted myself for a very slow movie. Zabriskie was not in a tough moment for my taste. While watching this, I mentioned a European mentality as a director for the frequent use of advertising boards on every city scene. This recurring visual element indicates that consumerism will break down the individual in the American society. But then I immediately followed L'Eclisse, settled in Rome in the early 60's, and Antonioni often mentioned the billboards as well. As a result, Antonioni is a trademark of skillful use of landscapes, architecture, and lifeless objects in every frame or combination of people? it is simply the psychological state of the characters, with little or no simplified power and great visual effects. <br /> <strong> Zabriskie Point played two attractive potentials that made it the biggest stars of the 70s, but it never happened. Mark Fréchette, who saw Francesco Rosi's beautiful WWI film at Uomini Contro, lived a very disastrous life and died at only 27 years. According to his biography, he donated $ 60,000 from Zabriskie to a commune. Mark's co-star Daria Halprin, as we have seen, is also a striking, natural beauty and attraction of Dennis Hopper's wife, the young Ornella Muti. One of those brilliant beauties that do not need a makeup fragment to turn others around. Like Frechette, he has solved only a few dark movies and has never been a star, but at least did not die of disaster. The most striking Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sexual scenes in the home - a few cozy cathartic ends with a sense of a sense of fun in the home. This may be the sequel to the arrival of the symbolism, but I can not see that everyone can not deny the beauty and emotional freedom of expression. No explosion ever looked so good and very poetic. Instead of bringing chaos, it looks like an explosion of reversal.
