When you see a movie and say "huh, what?" When I went there I did not have much time, but it was one of them. Perhaps, after seeing Zabriskie Point in 2001, Woody Allen felt very much - when he saw his film three times in two years, he saw only the movie. Michelangelo Antonioni is a little attempt to shoot films inside the United States (Blow-Up from Red Desert, this movie, Chinese and Passenger, all drawn from his native Italy) to learn country's ways through their own art. The results show that it does not allow images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and visual appearance of this era. Antonioni once stated that "it is the director's job". What does it mean, after fifty years, he does not betray his admirer (after me, I have never seen one of his films in front of L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What's missing is a point where at least Blow-Up and The Eclipse can bring. You get the feelings of those around them, what can cause them to get their consciousness, but in this case, characters and actors are not too convicted or aimed at. Antonioni does what the hard-knocks do from school, neo-realistic filmmaking, with what he can do with mostly non-professional casting (the role of corporate characters who seem to be the most real actors), two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin Antonioni . Perhaps this was the point. The story is not thankful, dividing into three activities, because Marc escapes from the booming, dangerous campus life of LA in the 1960s, and from Daria LA to some Phoenix business meetings. How do they come across accidentally as a Mark's plane (how can they pull, perhaps have some background information?) And meet in Daria's car and spend some time with the groove in an existential way outside. Unusual sexual scene, stylistically beyond mesmerizing, this act is quite interesting. <br /> <br /> Two potentials are fair enough to observe, but to what extent does it involve outside the curiosity? The ideas that go (partly in a scenario written by Sam Shepard) are not so different, but rather to increase the drug's realities. Then Mark is leading the third movement, because Mark decides to do something in disastrous situations and returns to Daria's boss, only to be completely disappointed (the last five minutes or more). Despite telling the story of the story, I had no problem with the story, if only the audience had been dealing with some sort of audience. Along with my feelings, doubts and fears, I understand and reinforce the self-confidence of "anti-creation", but Antonioni is not fully aware of it. In some scenes, the director and editor (and often an astonishing cinematography by Alfio Contini) make it clearer and more stable than the scenes and backgrounds that are more important. The technical side of the Zabriskie Point is not called a degree (this is Antonio Francis Ford Coppola, who is perhaps the biggest producer of documentary films since he is a theater director). <br /> <br /> Deserts, sky, cities, and even the faces of those who bring us, are drawn to the eyes of a filmmaker who loves us with the art of gaining something in the frame. at the same time, a master kick that includes the song's sweet Rolling Stones at one point, and then a crushing, irreal Pink Floyd song (one of the best Dark-Side sides, "Careful with Flow Eugene") sequence. If the speeches were not one-sided, I could compare it with Blow-Up or Eclipse. On the one hand, it is an unusual blow, and the other one loses the hippie / radical movement of the late 60s. But something that can be boring for an American born in my eighties may not be like the United States, for example, Italy. And does not want to be thrown immediately after a glance.
