Since I'm an Oscar-winning film for the Oscar-winning films every year, I'm finally fortunate to have this movie in the Turner Classic Movies. <br /> <br /> Bedbugs and BROOMSTICKS are easily a sequel to MARY POPPINS's previous success. This movie was also a great success and Oscara Award (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). David Tomlinson as MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS also has a role in learning about parenting. A nice mix of live motion and animation. English history was not defined in the past (in 1912 in London, not in the Edwardian-Georgian world, but in England's coastline during the Dunkirk summer of 1940). There is even Reginald Owen, who came back home, where he was a general on the home ship and Admiral Boom from MARY POPPINS. <br /> <br /> The main protection sequence (not in the movie) is reminiscent of the British DAD'S ARMY series, which primarily addresses the problems of domestic homeowners. war This is also good when Rawlins' three children appear to be orphans from the Blitz bombing in London. Different members of the British army (along the way to Portugal) (Portuguese typical Disney model), from India and the Caribbean Sea (including those completed with metal drums) appear in the suit with Scottish and local female assistants. /> <br /> All this is surprising. But for the biggest plus Angela Lansbury, Eglantine Price finally ends its performance: her only real music movie. Lensbury had never seen a real career music award named after Auntie Mame in a prominent actor career after a short time after BEDKNOBS. She is FREE in his short BALLOON BOYS at GASLIGHT and FREE with YELLOW BIRD on DORIAN GRAY, and the best of all - with the support of HARVEY GIRLS and at the end of the last ATCHISON, TOPEKA and SANTA FE). But here alone, women play the lead. So when we play a song with David Tomlinson, we can figure out what we lost when we did not play with Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The remainder of the rest is pretty good, Tomlinson can learn here. after a lifetime relative failure. Three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart, and Ian Weighill) show more interest in POPPINS than the Edwardian predecessors (especially when they are weighed, a witch kisses Lansbury). Roddy McDowall is just like the local vicar, who has only two sequences of film, just because of the stunning waste (probably because of the scenes cut). Of course, he must be a bigger part of his role as an enemy that ignores the ghost. The German officer John Ericson, who raids at the end of the film, sees that he is facing something more powerful than what he has imagined in England's village and sees Sam Jaffe as a magic rival. Lansbury and Tomlinson's formula. As for the animation, in the two seas in the lagoon and the wildest football match ever, Tomlinson pulled the latter to the referee and was fine, and charged with various accusations. As I said, this is a wonderful example of the best work of the Disney studio.
