Prior to the suspension of the production code in July 1934, Mitch Leisen described all the paramount music as leeringly - even idogynistic and highly entertaining. "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (on one stage!) There are two killings on the opening night, but this manager (Jack Oakie) does not stop making a show after examining a delusional police detective (Victor McLaglen). Everyone hides something and cyprus Rose Lee, "The G-String Murders" was written before the mystery of the murder should be amber. Gertrude Michael suspends his show (in more than one way) with his exotic "Sweet Marijuana" as a bad diva and ends with Duke Ellington "Rhapsody of Rapeody." The song was titled "Two for Cocktails". Awesome and bawdy camp highly recommended classic! On May 17, 1934, at the Los Angeles Examiner, Louella O. Parsons. <br /> <br /> Earl Carrollun yapragınındakı Grauman handwritten on screen United Artists piroueti and is nothing more than a hand-picked beauty. But in the month of September itself, designed to please the eye of the cazibədarlardan, especially through the eyes of a businessman, a better figure had not tired. But Mr. Carol's daughters, naturely, are just a charm. Believe it or not, a musical comedy VANASTLARIN REQUEST Voltage, if I know what I mean - murder mystery show combines music. All this happens at the start of the game at the opening night and the search is for a murderer. Through the call, the police are in danger of stopping the demonstration in just a few minutes. Victor McLaglen is a new thing to the police. Each time he tried to watch his killer, he closed his eyes to his disgusting beauty. It's good, except for the murder secret. Probably the wrong destination. Dorothy Stickney plays the melodrama like heroin in ten, twenty, and thirty shows. For no reason, he draws close to an endless drama on the stage. Girls' ensembles are good and a positive relief to get away from inevitable top headlines. The suits are beautiful; In fact, it's a music that Paramount can feel, that's really their credit. As for Carl Brisson-Well, it will be added to any show. A beautiful sounding sound and a beautiful, easy-to-look appearance, all press agents claim for her. I also love Kitty Carlisle, the leading lady in the show. Gertrude Michael is interested in describing a very fictional, such as a deep-eyed villianess. Jack Oakie, as the scene manager, is the same old-fashioned Jack, but we can change it. Excellent as Jessie Ralph seamstress. Those who were a quarter of Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. Screen game directed by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and Mitchell Leisen. Music, Arthur Johnstone and Sam Coslow's words. <br /> <br /> <strong> Lolly not agree with, it is very gratifying thing. Why did the director blame him? Despite the end of the story, he was on the stage, and what about "ten, twenty or thirty shows?" Busby Berkeley and his "hood shots" The story was hard to believe, and the public released the Buzz workshop by May 1938. Mitch Leisen said, "If you show a scene in the theater, proscenium arch and a Buzz Berkeley routine The scene is great with a certain set. "<br /> <br /> Berkeley's magnificent effects did not justify her acceptance of this freedom? ML: As you can see, they did not resemble anybody's pictures or anyone else, but I personally did not love it.
