I've read many comments about the film, and I think it's hard to believe that Henry Fool is the next one, and I think Fay Grim should look totally different though technically. movie Finally, this does not mean that the latter will continue straight, and I'm very pleased with it. The whole point of the film was not Henry Fool 2, but Fay Grim because it was logical to change from the first direction. The movie I set aside, I thought, was well-prepared and really surprised me. I was planning to hire another postponed plain film, and it is difficult to keep up the bad 2 hours and to follow the storyline (aka parker last video in Ohio Oh, Ohio), but it is strikingly so good that does not look, I absolutely love it. I wanted to see the movie, but I've never had a lot of nuances in the movie. The cinematography was brilliant for its simplicity and, in fact, the appearance of the movie as 'Grim'. The writing was also well laid out; this film was not as neat as Henry Fool was to watch again and really listen; I can not even tell you how hilarious it is and why it is necessary. And well, Parker Posey, who can complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal spoke in the dark were very brave and emotional. And I thought the espionage in the movie was just so cheerful and spotless (hindsight convinced me when I lost my time because of your feelings). The main thing that hit me a lot about the film is that I believe that Parker's heart is full of love and nausea about Fool, who is very quick and stubborn. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously there were things that were not good, but nothing was perfect; some of the players were poor, and sometimes some of the new storytelling and dialogue on the terrorist incident seemed a bit challenging and overwhelmed, but at the end of the day when you could get it down. (This may be due to Goldblum's tremendous speedy tone) Generally, it's probably one of the best films I've ever seen; stylistically pleasing, smart and witty writing, very impressive speeches now have won a new respect for some actors and a really touching movie, and remember that a complete departure from Fool. What was the point.
