Generally speaking, Fay Grim is an entertaining fun movie featuring two of the most useless films in American movies, amusingly beautiful and stylishly fun Parker Posey and extremely charismatic and inevitable cheerleading Jeff Goldblum. In the first half of the film there are many scenes. These two unbearable presses are competing with each other, even when Goldblum Hartley releases from the unfortunate epic info-dumps. However, if one of Fay Grim deconstructed, he would see many cases where he could get more benefits for numerous benefits resulting in numerous scenes. <br /> <br /> This kind of film was a continuation of Hal Hartley's Henri Fulun, ten years ago. Missing by Goldblum, a CIA agent, Posey has forced his poor husband to watch laptops with precious items of his predecessor anti-heroes. These include information that can safeguard US security. Fay, in the first place, pushes them to Paris to capture them, but is eager to celebrate spying clichés with everything from car bombs to triangular helper. <br /> <br /> The main feature of all this is that a film about a novel that fights in a trash and a small town is later a new approach. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman who lived a very simple life. Hartley's talents have not reached much of the other independent newcomers since the 1990s, but I am amazed at his wild creativity in creating a mischievous NeoNeNe sister, with his terrible distress, as his character gave to his brother. <br /> <br /> Hartley is just moving fast, but can she still love her big refugee husband and her problematic, but powerful plans for Goldblum? fragmentary idea. Despite its complex, it looks complex and labyrinthine, right in the form of spy film, seemingly whimsical. The reason for not climbing is primarily due to the speed of the story, not to mention the existence of Posey and Goldblum. Although the problem with the rest of Hartley's remains is that I love the rest of them. Saffron Burrows, of course, has nothing to do with the fact that these two masters are not comparable to the relative star power. Most of the scenes that do not involve Poseus or Goldblum are very light on their feet, and along with the info dumps we choose, we will not be able to lose all the other auditions or sequences of other scenes. <br /> <br /> Lake Aiken still has Hartley's sensitive part while playing Fay and Henry's teenage son. he is wiser than his years and is wiser than any older person. Maybe Hartley's intended, or maybe just Aiken's existence. The problem of a Hartley movie is that you never know what is meant and what will happen. As Scorsese says, "The movie is a matter that is in and of itself." This is a conscious decision that the film we are watching can remain in the movie.
