Fay Grim explained a fairy tale of spying and intrigue on his face with a nod and tear. As a continuation of his unusual Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a striking blend of the noir and hardboiled spy trilogy of the film, starting with a smile and a big laugh, and returning to a warm and hot, like the films I have seen this year. br> <br /> Parkey Posey Fay Grim was a Mata Hari, who was captivated by suspicious intentions of an attractive CIA operative with the love of exiled husband Henry Fool. Like Agent Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is a master of the mind and sarcasm while playing a role that seems to be in line with his talents. He was never good at all. James Urbaniak Fay's brother, Simon, was arrested, but he is known for his crazy popular poetry books. His passion for work and his brother are passionate to reflect the nature of the spies who are flooding. And Liam Aiken Fay's overseksed 14-year-old son. Although this is unnecessary. Aiken's courageous style is a very "old spirit" for someone who is old. <br /> <br /> The whole film is shot from the Dutch angle, known by Orson Welles, and, first of all, horror movies and psychological excitements create a feeling of immorality. Fay Grim is primarily interested in using this style until the opening of the credits, cheating is delicate. Something happens when the viewer fights for perfect comedy elements and Hartley's brilliant scripts. Although the film is steadfast in the eyes of these heroes, it has a dark but strangely relaxed effect. Romantic drama began as a dark comedy morph, and the transitional master. Slow pacing is a breathtaking move, and we're in the vortex. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue, along with a beautiful demonstration of a perfectly matched ensemble, is a delightful movie cocktail. Hal Hartley spoke with a luxury, capable of writing, producing, editing, editing, and even making music, and Hal Hartley developed an intelligent, sexist espionage story with only a slightly slanted tongue. Part of Fay Grim Dashiell Hammett, part of Raymond Chandler and part Ian Fleming, shaken and perhaps mixed.
