Hollywood believes that being in the sea is not the same. Although seafarers may complain about ocean converging on the ocean, the oceanic tasks are completely unusual, and in some ways Fred Astaire finds enough time for dancing lessons to a romantic fleet during the day. Astaire and the Rogers world are like this. Mark Sandrich's previous film, 'Top Hat (1935)', has never seen the Great Depression bringing America to the knees, and has presented the audience with a bright and glorious world; the optimistic view of the life of the film that led to success. Here, too, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a marine officer is difficult and empty, instead of replacing a sailor with a lively musical number. <br /> <br /> "Bake" has two fallen dance partners after Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) denied a subsequent marriage proposal for romantic relationships. After returning to the sea for several years, Bake becomes a dancer in a dance hall in San Francisco. While two old lover wanted to substitute and oppose each other, Sheri's straight, musical-teacher sister (Harriet Hilliard, in a really beautiful view) takes a full makeup and surfing the sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott) works. It is a kind of exciting area that Bake is a scene that sabotages a window to vote for a performer tomorrow. Outside girl; <br /> <br /> Fred Astaire and Zinger's fifth earned collaboration, 'Fleet's pursuit (1936)' is undoubtedly a frustrating thing for both of them, Roger Sandwich, who soda sodium and lost his ability to read 's pair managed by the third (five). Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of the movie, including "Top Hat" (1935), "Swing Time (1936)" or "Dance (1937)." Astaire tries to get rid of a city- it is hard to imagine it without difficulty, but it is difficult to conceive of the artist's ability to accompany much richness.The romantic side of Connie and Bilge works well with the two main star's ants, and Harriet Hilliard (Ginger's strange sparkle to escape blond hair) has several emotional solos The word "Get Thee Devil Behind Me" is for the first time written for "Top Hat".
