Watch the trailer, the RKO production in 1936, the star Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have many romantic films together, the RKO has helped them create a valuable story that is relevant to the society when it once happened. <br /> <br /> Watching the trailer bases the use of decent story lines between the two main characters to create a basically romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> Bake Baker, Sailor Fred Astaire and Bering's old love and dance partner, Sherry Martin, played as a singer and dancer performed by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is on the boat and his shipman Bilge Smith finds a photo of both of them, and Bake shows him last time they see him, so he hoped they would be able to try and meet them. The next major scene begins with the second film, Sherry's sister, Johnny, refuses to enter the paradise where her sister works if she is not accompanied by her sister. He turns around to find Billi with a bag full of stuff. He wanted him to wait for him to enter Paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and says she has suffered depression because she can not succeed with men, so Sherry suggests that she make a makeup when she talks on the stage. Connie unites over and falls into the balloon and is still close to Bilge and is afraid of seeing him. This is the second romantic story between Bilge and Johnny. The story and rising events in the rest of the movie range between the change of comedies of the two couples, which in turn creates rising and falling motions within the total area. Bake and Sherry danced in a dance competition and won their first moments when they reached the finish line, reminding the other of their success and pleasure. Likewise, Bilge may like to conquer Connie and rob him of his romantic attitudes and retire to his home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events is being watched by concerns that bring back the increasing efforts. She had cooked the night before the night before boarding the night and told her that she was coming in the morning. Unfortunately, after the ships return, Sherry was upset and left to think that Bake was a typical sailor looking for a good time when he was still in the ground. <br /> <br /> The mood changes because the "Big Drawing Party" is entering a cruise ship, while subtitling another movie. This alternative story is used to create a buffer between stories of two main relationships of the film, and also helps build confidence and love of Bake's overall good intentions. The party, Bake and his comrades, were abandoned by the silent music they played after they missed calling to report on the company's clothes. The ladies are interested and ask them to hear, and Bake is glad to start having fun with some dances that help clarify the film's mood, and also brings the sailors happy. <br /> <br /> After returning to a similar story, Sherry Bake is trying to prove that she does not need to be helped. Unfortunately, Bake does not know what he is doing, and he is giving a good impression on Shery, who hears his friend in a studio talking about the remarkable woman's voice. Bake pushes her juice, helps her to help her, is able to correctly read and play her voice. In addition to Bake's inaccuracies, Connie spent all of his money on repairing a ship he hoped would take over as Bilge's captain. She had planned a delicious meal for her when she was to come, but she was aware of optimism and marriage soon, and did not care about it later. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film, as well as the happiness of couples, rises and falls in the same format until the pair reaches a double point between the two ending the movie. The use of changing stories helps create each other's emotions and emotions, because they deal with both happiness and pain in every struggle. The stories of this argument can also communicate with each other and combine other unconnected subpopulations to help with the transport of scrap. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films in romantic, comedy, song and dance, Fleet's follow-up is a unique film for two actors who successfully use the techniques of sub-fields to help. A narrative between the two main characters.
