Hundstage is a delusional and exciting work in Vienna, particularly in a terrible city. It comes from former documentary filmmaker Ulrike Seyid, who took a very documentary approach to this material. But the film is moving away from normal species and presents us with the symbols that best describe us as a "bracket"? some are extremely inaccurate; some pretty fierce; some are quite bizarre; many are inconvenient; some are very frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film, which draws closer to each other, shows that in the summer, several episodes from each other in the two characters are approaching each other in the summer. Will very few guests go away from fun movie? intention is to show many things that are wrong with the people, and to show us many difficulties that are generally harmful to our society. <br /> <br /> A little elderly widow betrayed the old lady of the woman and wanted her striptease to wear her dead wife's clothes. . A nightclub dancer is fighting with the constant jealousy and violent behavior of her boyfriend. A few people who are saddened by the dead girl can no longer communicate with each other and want to have sex with other people. A defective person is abusive to a woman but only once again forgives her. A security vendor works in a hopeless way to find guilty guilty of some vandalism at a workplace, but is charged with an innocent accusation. A mentally ill woman with a foreigner goes off and throws her out of the car, insulting her! <br /> <br /> Part of the hopelessness in the film is obvious. Many scenes are characterized by long, silent sounds, which are twice as effective as the entire passage of the dialogue. Then there are other scenes that are afraid of the dialogue and the events on the screen. In particular, a scene where a security seller sells a female cease-fire for the sake of a vengeful boy - for some vandalisms he does not even beat, harass, and insult (thanks to the whole screen). rare, furious nanny On another stage, there is a candle on the back of a man and is forced to read a national anthem in a fight with a gun as part of his penalty for his wife being abusive. Although we want to applaud that this cunning person is coming, we are also concerned with the nature of the punishment. Indeed, such striking contrasts can act as a summary of the whole film - each light is instantaneous with a cold moment. Each part of our hope is met with a feeling of despair. You can be kind and sensitive to each character, but something else promotes anger and hatred. We want to turn away from Hundstage as a coaching coach, but it reflects some unpleasant truths and needs to be applauded.
