This movie has been featured for many years as one of the worst and worried films ever to date. This is one of several films, perhaps one of them, perhaps one of those who voted for me: even Pasalini's Salla, as well as the comparison of this movie, had the same effect on me. In the film, I have seen many controversies in films such as Pasolini, Fassbinder, and others. I have to ask myself what happened to the movie I feel like? I think I was watching a horror film, but it was something that was opposed to or even reversed by the genre conventions of that genre. In a horrible movie, there are terrible and intimidating things, but the margins of civil society: abandoned houses, hot hotels, castles, church yards, morgues and so on. In this terrible way, I think this is a sort of projective place for the defense mechanism, the principle of darkness and opacity, and the desires and desires of the audience. Thus, Hundstage is not a horror film in this regard; it happens in a perfectly normal society, and thus there is no horror in the horror movie histories. However, what you look at can be accomplished through the relocation of some of the basic purity, horror and torture, especially in connection with the body and its violation. Seidl is a daily, middle-class society's use of sex, aggression, loneliness and proximity and integrity as a recurring game: the issues that will be terrified, the principle of light and transparency in which there is no running. The exact power of Seidl's film is precisely this change. Hundstage sees these issues as a function of the agenda, shows them not in terms of extremities and cats, but in shirts - a mood you experience in the horror genre. Rainer Werner Fassbinder is an important reference point here. Fassbinder also merged with individual films in his films, including racism, domination, desires, property questions, sexual property, and so forth. It is the tactic of melodrama, which allows you to engage in serious and even moral matters with some political issues. control, fascism and capitalism. Seidl's tactics put the subject of the film closer to Fassbinder to create everyday society's mechanisms; Like this German ally, he draws on the political viewpoints of the society that he is aware of his responsibility to nominate his films. This year at the Gothenburg Film Festival, Seitin's guest, he asked Hundstage that many women were disfigured and weak, but there was no case for a freelance woman to return. Seidl said that some of them might consider immorality to violence against women, but felt that he would be immoral to avoid showing off. I think of any good artistic expression, I think. Thank you very much.
