It's a strange or not fussy, funny episode of the TWILIGHT ZONE. Buster Keaton Woodrow Mulligan works in an American lab since 1890. It is constantly thinking about the problems: the meat is very expensive ($ 1.00 / lb.) It is not forgotten! He always screams after angry drivers (bikes - the car still does not appear). Finally, he sees a helmet like a scientist and puts it and works. Suddenly it is in modern America. The start was a seven-minute silent film. Now all the noise, everyone speaks, everyone's voice is blown. Keaton is only a few moments when the world realizes that it has changed and is not better. She realizes that Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, is Mulligan c. 1890 (speaks of President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in a charming, calm age. Mulligana helps repair the helmet, and they come back in time. Rollo becomes bored after a while due to the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts him on a helmet and sends him to the future. <br /> <br /> Over the past fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often been on television (for Allan Patt on CANDID CAMERA many times), but now Woodrow is fully satisfied with his quiet, simple age. where it could help build public vision tricks). He also made several films (especially FORUM and A FUNNY THING HAPPENED ON THE ROAD). However, sometimes he has thrown television shows and episodes. The element here, probably, may be directed by the director (former comedian director Norman McLeod - Marx Brothers can manage HORSE FEATHERS). Maybe Stanley Adams and she chose her when she tied a pair of pants to Adams. From the point of view of timing, he remembers one of his naked films, such as Sherlock Jr in the 20s. The Episode can make Keaton better for a 60-year-old man. <br /> <br /> The appearance of Jesse White (here as a mechanic, everything) is always pleasant. But look at Professor Rollo a bit. Stanley Adams was a well-known character in film and television, from 1950 to 1918, to tragic suicide. Plump, the strongest appearance and the fastest-moving voice, was the initiator of wrestling in REQUIEM's movie version. A HEAVYWEIGHT (Anthony Quinn wants to be a suit wrestler like India). His best television appearance was Starry Enterprise's crew who was introduced to STAR TREK by introducing these furry, productive little creatures to the Tribbles (The Trouble With). Adams was always worth looking (like Jesse White and of course Keaton). He increased the majority of their production. I never understood suicide, but this was primarily betrayal of the character.
