Cosimo (Luis Guzman) remained in prison for car theft and gave him a plan of perfect coup in prison; so he has to leave the prison. He asked his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who wanted to make a living in prison for a while. But nobody wants to give Cosimo a murder, and still everyone knows a man who will do it. Soon, bad boxer Per Rock has identified the details of this "perfect job". <br /> <br /> First of all, this movie was very funny and from my point of view to everyone. This movie is backing Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I have not watched the Italian work, so I can not judge or compare these two films. But "welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for itself, about four people trying to get money from a home. Everyone gave a strange glow from this movie. This is really a great movie for the actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (senior), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (senior), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney. <br /> <br /> Maybe it is not fair to say that this movie is just a comedy. This is more. According to a difference. In this film, all the thieves have very little desires when asked: what will they do with their money? Often their future is very modest. This truth goes beyond the comedy of the soul of the criminals. Babcogu, not only them but also a bad one; where directors Russo shows us that criminals and cops are the same. In fact all Collinwood; and not only in Collinwood, but also for all people to earn money legally or illegally. All the movies that do not like me, and even the thieves, make them happy and full of joy. However, this is no exception. You must love them all. Riley is in jail with a small baby and his wife. Toto with pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a prostitute!" and all others. They are like my favorite comic Alan Ford. Everyone is trying to earn money, but they are just in luck. But all of them did a good job: they gave Riley money, and he took his wife out of prison. They are all my heroes, and most of the "honest" people do not.
