This movie (and yes, this is a movie - shot as two parter, but two parts down to less than 2 hours) is one of the secret masterpieces of world cinema. The good behavior of the Soviet regime and its developing person is, at the same time, completely inaccessible, the film is the faithful adaptation of a long-banned book by Mikhail Bulgakov. The goals are flawless, and the director has made a brilliant decision to film a monochrome sepia, and the colorful incarnation that has been eroded since the 80s has only added a sense of peculiarity to the film. I will not talk much about the structure deserving to be discovered by the viewer itself, but the speeches are a genuine Oscar material; special words, but with a word or gesture, he ends stealing every stage, with a former professor, who plays with such a presence, gravity and kindness, E. Eustigneyev. Of course, Creature / Sharikov has a terrifying excellence by V. Tolokonnikov, more fearful than Hannibal Lecter, because he is not just in real life - all the nations have fled by men like him all through history, and all this. <br /> <br /> Although this is a socio-political allegory, it should be remembered that the film is humorous even though it is dark, and there are many open comedies that do not make me laugh so far. In addition, if you laugh at this movie, it is not only an unpleasant thing, it is always a plus and an agreement. <br /> <br /> There is a little bit of complaint with this movie - it's just the tone of an intellectual / bourgeois snobber that I hold from a slight flaw, sometimes "clear" symbols. Unfortunately, this film has been skipped by Western licensed companies. It's not one of the many best films in the world, and it's untranslated (this is all the cultural references and revolutionary terminology must be the main theme of the film, although it's definitely in translation). accessible to everyone). While waiting for our fingerprint on the Criterion edition, I'm thinking of creating English subtitles. You see how this happens.
