Ok, after reading a few studies on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I would like to clarify some of the misconceptions that are just hiding from Nadia: the secret of blue water. Nadia's ear, part of Nadia, and Atlantis's ears were created without any doubt that it would be alienated, origin and source of life. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are dressed in the same way, then you can also afford Disney (for Nadia and Kida to wear bikini-style dresses with adventure roots). a similar style). I have to agree not to copy several as an anime fan, but in spite of the small details, most of the ideas are not genuine (the encoding design in the Laputada wall, the old mask from Princess Mononoke, the remembrance of Garfish submarines in Nadia, etc.) he believes he is quite original and is a Disney's Captain Nemo (without the main hero of Jules Verne's 20k League), the main character in Nadia. With respect to similar style glasses like Mylo and Jean ... Glasses are symbols of wisdom and intelligence, as shown in the novel of "Lord of Competition." I think that if Stargate's main symbol, Mylo, Jean, and many other "intellectual" characters are unobtrusive, they are unhelpful for this role. As the seafarers encountered submarines and submarines (with the explosive torches of Nautilus, which really resembled), I do not want to say that Atlantis was included in this area, or that it was a necessary element for one (after all, under the sinking city water). As for the crew of Nautia's Nautilian crew with some kind of characteristic, it may be a work of art, but I do not feel that there is any copyright infringement because of the character's personality being perfect for me. I'm watching Nadia today as an animated film called # 1 best anime. When I first saw it, I have doubts about Atlantis. But now, when I watch the movie, I once again regained my trust in Disney and after the Atlantis, we had great hopes for future films. In general, the best Disney movie is still tense in the middle of my movie, and it has re-created cat scenarios to further improve it. Also, it's really something that surprises bad guys at the beginning with really bad guys doing badly (I wonder who the bad guys are and just like a blonde girl looks like a bad character looks like Disney aka bad guys make it look really intimidating)
