After watching her two silent shorts, 'Elena and her Men (1956)' is the first feature film from French director Jean Renoir and I love it. But I did not watch the movie for Renoir, but who for Ingrid Bergman star? 41 years old? still superior beauty, elegance and glamor. After the marriage to Roberto Rosselli in Italy in the early 1950s, Bergman temporarily left the public blessing. Her next five films, her husband's, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I think Renoir's recent release was a little too much to enhance the popularity of Bergma's English-speaking audience, but he also regained his former success with Oscars. "Anastasiya" (1956). Like Poland's prince Elena Sokorowska, she sees itself as an angel of protection and will immediately succeed and recognize them immediately after arriving at an unexpected place to come. The singer, François Rollan (Jean Marais), finds himself in a good sense of self-affirmation while working on a successful charm to help his political desires. This unusual-political movie works as a very satirical or romantic comedy, as long as you do not accept it very seriously; <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br> /> <strong> Bergman's Polish princess is not sleepy and somewhat self-absorbing, but difficult, high principles and convicted women. He is pleased with the role of General Rolla as an "guardian angel", angered by the government, to exploit the love of the state coup by exploiting it in a manner that he knows to maintain his plot. Perhaps the only legitimate character of the film is Henry de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, the wife of Audrey Hepburn), following the ignorant secondary motives of everyone and follows the love and persuasion of Elena. Renoir proudly offers this, what's really good in French. "Elena and her men," with their middle-class successes, attempted to expose high-ranking French spouses, with Eugène's (Jacques Jouanneau) shadow, and that they would not be able to love their spouse without his wife. In this sequence, Renoir was trying to convey some kind of wonder that you can find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the film itself is so comfortable, and the energy that is withdrawn is not just there.
