Famous international conductor Daniel Darés (Michael Nyqvist) stressed his hard work and spent his lucky career with early retirement and has a heart attack. He decided to return to his hometown of northern Sweden. Annie was left to live a low-paced life when she was a seven-year-old vulnerable boy who was harassed by a conjunction and other schoolmates. She is an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by the local Shepherd Stiq (Niklas Falk), but reluctant and embarrassed Daniel refuses in principle. However, she is involved in the community and attracts a local doctor, Lena (Frida Hallgren). His music opens the hearts of members of the chorus, affects daily life: the opportunity to participate in the slow Tore chorus; Sting's wife, Ingela Olsson, relieves her of sexual harassment; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) treats her abusive and violent husband; Gossiper and Anger Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens his heart to Lena; Fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) businessman Arne (Lennart Jahkel) cries enough of his jokes; even Daniel loves his loved ones and Lena's life. <br /> <br /> When Vienna is invited to take part in an important competition, Daniel finds the heart of the people who fulfill his dreams. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a touching and sensitive movie. a very nice story. Director Kay Pollak and screenwriter writers have been able to create a large number of characters in less than 132 minutes. The performances are supported by highly-rated music scores and at least two awesome moments: Gabrielle's latest concert with her performance of her song in the concert and with anyone from Vienna's audience, jury and musicians, and Daniel's dream is real. Like the "theorem", a stranger changes the lives of a conservative society, not a family. In addition, as in many European films, an obvious conclusion is that, in fact, in my commentary, Daniel has reached peace with the success of his music. In these two scenes my eyes moistened. <br /> <br /> Brazil: "Vida Paraiso" ("Life in Paradise"),
