It is a very intense BBC-TV mini-series, based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but this series is really a lot of different characters from the five-hour story. Thus, the diversity of brilliant English actors and actresses is part of an ensemble where they can show their talents. The true characters described are really 'unsympathetic' type, very elegant and nondescript people are hardly impressed with them. For example, the leading character is a young husband who has never done anything and can not be found (his wife disappears). She publishes sources from her parents. There were times in the army, but there is no passion or the smallest excitement of any interest in life apart from communicating with a small family. He is doing his five-hour-long work alone and is saddened, though, as he wants to comfort him, performed by David Oyelowo, a brilliant, face-to-face person. such an openly beautiful person. The outstanding performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wiltond, who moves around everyone around the story. It's just amazing. He describes a story that is very familiar to everyone, such as an irrational, hysterical, arbitrary, dense, patient, blind, and blind, a very aggressive woman, like an old dragon-woman. Unfortunately, we know very well. Wilton is one of England's best actresses (see my review of Half Broken Things). It takes a character that can be two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. She is backed by old fashioned pro Patrick Malahide, her humble husband, and their pair really sets a high standard for all young players. Janet McTeer, a magnificent actress at a young age, has now become a more aggressive sympathetic personality, mixed up and put it on one side, but in the final stages of the story, he showed himself brilliantly when he took a chance to pull out one of the most convincing and original drunken scenes I saw in a movie player can be. The great surprise actress, Sarah Smart, is a mysterious character Sarah with a great depth and originality. He takes a character that can be exhausted enough and makes it a deeply mysterious and interesting person for the wizard, and I am surprised to be tired for five hours. It is so good that we are curious about Sarah Smart. As you know, when you really work, people are surprised at the end of the character and the start of the actress, if he knows himself and many do not. There are some deep sorrowful tricks with his eyes, let it slip and let us know, but we're not sure how much or why, although we know it's a very severe and traumatic childhood. His uncertain facial expressions can be his advantage. Rory Kinnear is incredibly convincing, like a seemingly hopeless man who lives with her mother and is not much, but with the hidden depths. (I think most people hide the depth, but we want them to go, that's the matter). His mother is really well played by Margot Leicester. Lucinda Dryzek, who plays with a brave, frightening teenage girl, who is afraid of anyone who has turned out to be in tears in tears, and who has turned all his arrogance into only one disorder, is outstanding. Three kids are also very good, Lucinda's friend and little half brother and half sister. Young brothers can really be very weak as story characters (I can not say anything, especially I can not say anything, they are hopeless witnesses to disappear), but they are small but recommends their sweetness, but like Lee Men, Massey and Girl Tyler Anthony. Harriet Walter plays a minor role, but we will not see much of it - it's a shame, because it's a great actress spent here. One may continue, but one should draw a line. The series manages to become strangely attractive because of the intense anxiety and depth of the imagination of all these unimpeople who are wearing a solid gray.
