The Second World War, the World War II program is not only long and very knowledgeable. The series consists of 26 episodes (each episode lasts for about 45 minutes) and includes events after the war and subsequent events. The most episodes are related to the war in Europe and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific Ocean. Other episodes include data on wars on Africa, Burma, Atlantic, and the home front of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to Holocaust. The series starts with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939) and gives information about the rise of German speakers and German territory before the war began. The series ends with the episode "Memorize"; the effects of war in the postwar world. Please note that this is a great episode to finish this great program. Each episode begins with a short introduction and then begins with a landing loan. Credit is also accompanied by a powerful music theme. There are many music tracks in the series. Each episode resembles a mini movie. The imagery is fantastic and therefore has been put together. In addition, some images are colorful. <br /> <br /> The series was prepared by Thames Television (UK) by Jeremy Isaacs. Released in 1969, it took four years to produce, with a depth of such research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most well-known and well-known actors of the 20th century). Leading members of the Serial, Allied and Consumer campaigns, including Citizens' Accounts, Men, Officers and Politicians, Albert Speer, Carl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Bowle, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney , Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaac says in his work "Do not be born in war", he did not call a great name, but tried to interview them with their helpers and helpers. In Alexander's opinion, the most challenging subject to agree and agree to interviews was Heinrich Himmler's assistant, Karl Wolff. The latter acknowledged that he was witnessing large-scale proceedings with the participation of Himm. <br /> <br /> World War II is regarded as the definitive television history of World War II. Some consider it the best example of a documentary form. In 2000, the British Broadcasting Authority voted for 100 UK Television Program members, and World War II ranked 19th. In the program, the viewer has everything he needs to know about war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one after the other. I saw some of them several times. There are two other documentary series I know that may be of interest to the audience. The Great War of the First World War (1964), and the other is called the Cold War (1998).
