This interesting feature has a very nice story line, colorful characters and very fast speeds. which incorporates a plotting tool called "Knitting the Knot Wind" and is directed by Cecil B. Deil and his mother, Anbthony Quinn, about this film's preparation, which can not be coincidental. In either case, it should work and report. An unusual structure tells the observer that an island led by Jan Lafitte was founded on Barataria piracy, but he was not afraid to worry about the ships in the United States during the 1812 war. Now, with the defense of New Orleans near General Andrew Jackson, 60,000 British Emperor's red dress and 60 ships were protected by only 12,000 men. The men of Lafitten come with a strong force; he wants American forces to release liberty and pardon decree before leaving such a strategic breakthrough point. There are other factors that work on the story line; pirate Bonnie Brown and his father want to attack the US ships and contradict Lafitte's orders. What he can do when asked by Jackson when Lafitte's statement finally comes true; but Lafitte supports it anyway and takes the bribery of bandits and jackson, with fog, and he is waiting for a genius, not a genius, but a failed man. This colorful and physically beautiful film is really talented. Yul Brynner has one of the best roles, such as the robber, Inger Stevens; As his favorite girl, Charles Boyer has very good lines as an advisor, strong Lorne Greene is a rival, EG. Governor Marshall and Claire Bloom are charismatic like Bonnie Brown. Others include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull, Jackson's advisor Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable, and a script that was released in 1938 should only be refreshed. Bright cinematography is a work by veteran Loyal Griggs. Certain decoration is provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler. Decorations made by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester by Sam Cerer and Roy Moyer. Nellie Manley's hairstyle and Wally Westmore made a tough make-up. The film contains a little good adventure level dialogue and a very powerful climate battlefield. Charlton Heston was preparing to play the role of a great general like Andrew Jackson, and then a young man in battle; but she's often inactive, gray hair, or not, especially as Mr. Peavey with Henry Hull. An interesting and well-groomed entertainment that seems to have completed the production of C.B DeMille; beautiful and very good movie.
