'Renaissance (2006)' was created over six years financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom, with a value of around 14 million. The final result is a striking result of the aesthetic-like comic book-style animation that Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller gained in 'Sin City (2005)', but this is a completely animated format of the film, their faces and their actions. A dark black-and-white film appears to have been removed from the pages of the graphic novel, and the futuristic city of Paris slams us from above. In the long run at the beginning of the film, directed by French filmmaker Christian Volck, the film "Renaissance" is significantly different from other films in the genre of science fiction, and technology-noir movie is not something we have never seen before, Paris is 2054. Paris is a collapsible metropolis full of dark alleys and desert roads, and the latest technology is simply a painful mask. splitting of dark buildings. The city's largest corporation, Avalon, has earned wealth by offering its citizens a promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research division has always tried to invent more means to overcome the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (the English-language Romola Garai I've watched), a brilliant young scientist, has been secretly expelled from his job and falls to the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig). where An elderly sister, Ilona's hard-working sister, Catherine McCormack, and special medicine doctor Jonath Muller (Ian Holm) dedicated to Ilona's daughter, who should suppose the key for her disappearance. Ridley Scott is Paris's largest, brilliant city reminiscent of Blount Runner (1982), and some technology has been written by Tom Cruise on Minority Report (2002) (accidentally, in 2054 Volkman has created an interesting world where his characters can live, and has a beautiful collage of dark lighting and dark shadows that, in the result of confusion with classic film-noir and science-fiction, eventually complicates the viewer. Sometimes it is a little lesson and story, but the story does not offer anything peculiar (except for the one I thought was a perfect constellation in any ordinary way), but 'Renaissance' meant working as good as a visual treat, and succeeding in that can not be abandoned.
