Specifying the opening credit line is a dark man with a strange, totally realistic nightmare. When connecting to Paris's knee-knitwear in 2054, the movie enters a funny club with a woman, where the Slavic barman collects on the deck. They disrespect one another, but he owes more to him, even though he believes he will pay all his money. Another woman, suddenly hinders violence, to fight a bitter woman. The startling female storms come out and she is abducted. Christian Volckman's Renaissance seems to be the same as last-minute action-capturing-cartoons, but it keeps us alive, though it's true, <br /> <br /> The classic All of the rudiments, which are a copy of the film, are shot down: "Karas" for all purposes and purposes without any anaconic change. Volckman's rigidity of the monochrome does not take any of the French tension. The animators of the film have completely black-and-white frames, starting with a completely black frame that is not full of physical lighting problems that can normally encounter, and move on the screen. Because they are carefully imitating the context of the true light source, here the black and white distinctness is exploded without any tiny color shades of tone with less obviously clear moral codes of character, and eventually a harsh and biased vision of the commercial civilization's direction, causing the lighting to be the most vulnerable and aggressive. It is the artistic work of the film directed to the visual boundaries of this philosophy, and nothing has been done in the same way as this visual concept. <br /> <br /> If all the characters in this decent cyberpunk film are completely out of the Gothic comic book in the black-and-black ink, all of them are clearly visible in the human face of their physical reactions, actions, and facial expressions. Normally, movies that streamline new developments in animations, and technical advancements, can enhance all other areas of production. Sin City should, for example, leave the welded material at any point and adapt it to a good display. <br /> <br /> It can not be foolish, it can lead to its literary conventions and noise. Renaissance, with just $ 6 million in just six years, is not the only non-essentially non-existent commitment, and is not second in all visual innovations, such as being casual. Karas does not think how cool he is, as he misses the bullets shot with a glass jammed on a Paris street, the tragedies in life like death and death are meaningful.
