The story says that on Dec. 28, 1895, a small group of 30 people at Salon Indi's Du Grand Café in Paris gathered to witness the cinematography, which was the result of a few photographers called August. and Louis Lumière. The small audience was united in that day (with some invitations, interests) and really did not know what to expect from the show, and when it was predicted on a screenshot of the station, most of the slide show predictions for Cinématographe were the same. The photo began to move. How dreaded are these thirty-three people who have been watching the public display of a moving picture on the cold day of December? history is the day we know and movies will be. <br /> <br /> For the first time, La Sortie Des Usines Lumière (Lumière Factory) has been featured for the first 10 short films in its history. The film shows many workers at the Lumière plant, leaving the building at the end of a tough day, passing through the gates. Although Edison's key film "Actual movie" (the movie that reflects the real phenomenon) limited the "Peep Show" (Kinetoscope), it was like something they did not see before, and the audience was scared because people and horses fell on the screen. <br /> <br /> For the first time La Sortie Des Usines Lumière (Le Prince drew the first film in 1888), but the film's performance was merely revolutionary. Lumière is in the series of long-term "current movies" that will be produced throughout the year. This primitive form of film was one of the favorite films of the brothers because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention rather than the movie theater could use. Although he did not have the first enthusiasm, Cinématographe achieved a great success after his first show and became a symbolic appearance of a quick first show at La Sortie Des Usines Lumière. He is not the first film of the brothers that year, and this is probably not the best of the 10 films ever shown (I think L 'Arroseur Arrosé is the best of 10); But it is really important that the first film is the opening of one of the doors, in the essence of the word, this film opened the door to the cinema as we know. 8/10
