Sir Richard Attenburg's Gandhi (1982) made it easy for him to tell the story of a great man who had long traveled on this planet. Compared to the author, the director of Feroz Abbas Khan should be a tough anti-hero to an international hero with Gandi, his father, both of whom are historically personalities, ironically, to be harder to be his father and son. The events in the film are largely true. Mahatma Gandhi lived as described in the film, set high moral standards in the world. However, many of these standards, like his father's elder son Haril's, have shadowed his desire to finish his education and work in India and thereby generate income for the nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The movie does not scare Gandhi and his ideals. His mission to Gandhi was greater than his family's desire. He loved his family and cared for them, although his thoughts for his dreams were ideal for caring for the masses. He stood for equality and dignity among all people, and went on to propagate his son to give him special unusual advantages over those who looked upon him with dignity. The film looks like an unusual parenting case where an idealistic parent is located for less-glossy generations of scoring places. <br /> <br /> The film presents an extraordinary scenario. One son marries his childhood love, raising his father. His father is frustrated by his son's educational needs at a few key points. Due to the fact that the son stands on his own feet and wants to take care of the nuclear family, the delicate contact between the brave boy and the father is broken. Though Father is gradually the father of a nation, my son stands in a brave quest for personality and survival. His marriage is violated and is a space between Islam and Hinduism, seeking faith in religion. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan was actually the director of the movie that gave him the shape of the movie theater. With all his troubles his relationship with his mother remains. Mahatma and Gandhi have had a significant impact on the Indian theater community. Based on the two biographies of the game and the film, one was made by Chandulal Dalal and others Nilamben Parekh. The success of the staged game has led to the release of this feature film by Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor. Every time a good director tries to shoot a movie, it is a sufficient evidence of confidence in the medium. Peter Brook is a great director of games but is less authoritarian than film director. The filming of Khan's film promises great cinema. Harilal Gandhi is brought to Zion Hospital, and Bombay (Mumbai) is surprised that his father Bapu (the famous name of Mahatma Gandhi) is the father of all nations. Hospital officials do not recognize that Mahatma Gandhi is the eldest son of poverty and lonely death. Apart from the dramatic opening, the film, unfortunately, simply presents a great story and silhouette of a father and a boy who has meditated a few beautiful exterior copies. It features some high production qualities that are not attractive to the details of an Indian film (the majority of the film is dusty and newly drawn, the actors have modern hairstyles, and even Shefali Shetty plays with Mohandas Gandhi's wife, aged ages ago), Indian cinema you Feroz Khan has made more efforts to work with actors in developing characters such as Sir Attenborough, a product of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts, not only to the details of the cinema, but also to the characters. <br /> <br /> Despite the direct criticism of the film, Gandhi asked her not to criticize her anymore, and producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to postpone the film posters. In India, high heights, some of them might tear the poster or intentionally or unkindly disrespectful. <br /> <br /> With all the blend of greatness and defects, Gandhi is asking a few questions in my audience. How is the mother-son stronger than her parents in the parent? Does one's immediate family feel less important than humanity? When faced with worldly hardships, is it only a religion and alcohol? In this film, Harilal moves to a religion that has been pious by Muslims, and his father "forgives" for his belief in religious value when he is beaten and thrown by African police in Paradise. and the Best Actress Award for the Tokyo International Film Festival for an Indian Prize for Critics Award, Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have acted in a sensitive issue and have made top performances from the actor's ensemble, and I hope the international success of some filmmakers is that Girish Karnad- Tughlaq will be able to draw another bright Indian game that meets international quality standards in a few days.
