Ferz Abbas Khan's Gandhi Dad, a film that sheds light on the relationship between Mahatma and his son Haril Gandhi. It's a pity that the director is dramatically talking to a dramatic story as we try to shoot this movie. Gandhi Babam tells you as a dull history lesson that you are forced to go to school. Now, the film aims to bring a very interesting point - the result of being an unjust father with Gandhi's attempt to become a fair person. This point is made in the film many times and one of the examples given to this point is that Gandhi is a scholarship for England, who twice denied his son. Rather than point out how Harilal deals with this betrayal and what is happening at the very beginning, the filmmaker acts only with the story and thus does not witness the hatred we feel against Harvard's father. So when he finally saw a blast from Haril, he seems to have no intention of reacting. <br /> <br /> The point that I'm trying to bring here is that we need to clarify why Harilal's rebellion. We do not understand why he accepts Islam and then returns to Hinduism. Undoubtedly, we have never understood Harry. This is because the director of this film Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom are very busy, so many of us are familiar with the story. To put it simply, Gandhi Daddy promises to investigate his father's relationship, but does not show us that this is not the first to show the lack of relationships. Harilal's Gandhi's son, but tell us that it was a burden that started with. Show us their early confrontations. For example, Gandhi says that he only opposed Haril's early marriage, but why is it not enough to justify the opposition? Kasturba blames her husband for his son's departure - enough to ensure that he is resettled every time Gandhi is relocated to continue between the schools in Gujarat and South Africa. The words are not enough, show how these events shaped Harry Gandhi's character. What's more, instead of touching on the real Gandhi's relationship with Gandhi, the film is a central theme, with many tanngents. This is not a film about independence, and it still seems to be the case in many ways, since the director has to take us from all the major events that go down to this date. there is nothing to do with the film's basic foundation - a stormy father-son relationship. So the problem with this movie is not a bad movie, but it's a very mixed movie. What happened to Harilal's children after the death of the widow? Does he have anything to do with them? What have we seen with Mahatma and Kastura suddenly disappeared after a scene? None of these questions are mostly answered in a film about the relationships of Gandhi family. The film version of a very popular game run by Feros Abbas Khan, Gandhi Babam was a disappointment, no questions were asked. Kinematically, he struggles to turn his ambitious intent on the film's screen. In the film, practically every scene is opened and closed with fade-ins and fade-out, never completely falling apart. On the positive side, the film you know has its own nobility. The filmmaker makes every effort to present a balanced story, works intensely to avoid any side, never judges his son or his son, nor does he harbor animosity. What the film will do, Gandhi's ideals are a difficult patriarch of the nation, but he knows his family. Only Akshaye Hannah, the only actor in the film, is Harry Gandhi, who is truly a loser. This is a wonderful performance and the role is just a whole life. However, Akshaya rarely brings hatred and hatred to this part, and Harilah is able to create a painful figure. Only on the stage where her husband is found dead, you will see that she is transporting her body language. In the meantime, Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, has adopted a cartoonist approach that will play with Mahatma in the following years, but he is a method of transforming a human being into a barrister in South Africa as the best actor in the role of the actor. The rich talented Shepholian King, this father and son, plays a Kensan woman who does not want to break up in the conflict, but if she can not face this feeling of despair, she is not really her fault because it is the fault of a terrible script. A lot of effort has come to the forefront of this movie, and all this is obvious, but the movie is inevitable, and you'll remember when you leave the movie - it's very boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi Babam Yes, a film that can be made with a sincere effort, perhaps a very harsh scenario. What we have learned from the film shows that Gandhi and Harilal are very happy together. The director with this movie also makes us.
