Director Kinka Usher says, "They play correctly and laugh". With the help of a perfect player, he is preparing to become a cult film of all time, "Mystery Men". When a wicked dragon Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) was released from a mental body, the local super-captain, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), threatens to seize the City of Champions, wants to be the three heart hero, Mr Furious (Ben Stiller), Shoveler (William H. Macy) and Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) are coming to the rescue. Frankenstein met with many types of groundbreaking and became a great opponent. She understands the need for a triplet and decides to hire; The thing that they ended up is less than the most memorable team of superheroes in the history of cinema. Mr Furious has anger; Shoveler, his back; Blue Raja Silver (mainly fork and occasionally spoon but never knife); Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) may seem invisible, so no one was watching; Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy smuggler in the south, is very mysterious and can lower his weapon by half. Can be; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can skip a ball with fatal accuracy; and Spleen (Paul Reubens) is neat that all rooms can be incapacitive. It is a brilliant ensemble that always protects the audience while playing straight and brings laughter without pride. Dialogue is simple, and speeches by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are examples. There are many memorable, exciting scenes, especially those who encourage throwing a pool party and barbecue, and an inappropriate interview with their applicants; and in another bar, Bowler was implanted to his bowling ball while chatting with his long dead father. But the team must be all funniest when you try to rescue Captain Amazing in fact. But these are just examples, because the whole film is a funny scene that follows one another and laughs and thinks for a long time that it is full of delicate humor. Although its true success, Usher keeps it all right; The relationships between the characters are correct, and the whole concept of becoming a Superhero is completely usable and, in a way, gives you confidence in all processes. In this world, Mr Furious and the desire of the others are complicated, and Usher comes with no laughter without resorting to any rifles or vision gags. Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Toni P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (The Blue Raja's Mother), Jennifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired film, and it can be seen again with a new giggle that will be guaranteed by every look. Sphinx's immortal words, "We have one number, all others are second or lower." Is Oscar a worthy movie? Difficult; but for a good time and lots of laughter, show yourself in this comedy's core work; this is a real job and you will not regret it. I appreciate it 10/10.
