In 1999, I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday, during my vacation. When I came home I went to look again. Remember, I was twelve, but then it was the best quality movie. Even the ultra-rare activity figures (including Bowler, which is the most difficult to find) have made Mr Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and the Captain Amazing. There is William H. Macy's action figure available!). I've been watching over the years many times, and this is something I love most because of my childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely worth another look and maybe it's worth watching. <br /> <br /> Story: A very low-level super hero rescues the day. It was executed on recurring mediocre, direct-to-video "The Specials". But the other end of this spectrum: a large budget (big budget, I think about $ 100 million) studio comedy. Yes, there are a lot of effects, and the bigger parts and the beautiful design are noticeable. But I do not think it's a stupid, special effects-y superhero movie - it's a PARODY. Cassanova is fighting a man named Frankenstein. It's a psychoactive agent, it's all about something (this is a resurrection device, it's a world or something). Local superhero Captain Amazing (Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, a commercial brand logo in a suit), was abducted. Time for Mystery Men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller is angry), Winds (William H. Macy, slippers), Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, English, throwing forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell , Wave (Great Paul Reubens, Farts) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, with a weapon, do not joke) The rest of the cartoonist actors, like Cassanova, are Geoffrey Rush, the bride of Lena Olin Cassanova's bride and alone and just as Tom Waits is a crazy weapon dealer, so there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush and Tom Freakin 'Waits! However, it's not perfect. <br /> <br /> This dialogue does not necessarily aggravate the physical comedy, and sometimes it does not exist (there is a person who has conquered his power, they have shut up the work), a dialogue is definitely something, Sphinx's sword swords, Furious's mixed metaphors, etc. This is obviously a comic film (almost all by "Smashmouth" by All Star) Unfortunately, the film should be the same as critics and audiences. The sequel was originally scheduled (the movie was originally based on a comic book and the "The Flaming Carrot" comics). Flaming Carrot, I believe, was planned later, but it did not do a good job at the box office. It would be difficult to sell, a super hero comedy with a guy named "There is something about Mary." He was also released on the same day as The Thirteenth Sense, which ended up as The Thomas Crown Affair, the biggest hit for August. The classic same luxury weekend - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant" - was misunderstood. Critics have for a long time been forgotten despite investigations by the MM. Unfortunately, when the Comedy Center fired Jerry Stiller, I saw the comedian Jeffrey Ross Ben Stiller "Mystery Men," and he started my agent. "Then I heard the words" I need it. "Do not listen to her, Give me a Mystery Men.
