Spoiler I liked the post episodes of college and could only get last season on DVD. Unfortunately, this is the last college season I can get. Still teenage days were sweet; Even though they have paid much attention to magic, they have been characterized by adolescents, adolescents, and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; sexually transmitted diseases, and medication, but they were pressured to sit. By watching the growth, I could cope with her magic and try to convince her to leave her quilts, leaving her nest. The old episodes were cute, but it was better to see her (not really a teenager) but a mature witch. I liked Roxy and Mortgan; they were very talented! In the previous episodes, the Darkers were great actresses, but they were very tough, kind and loving, but they did not behave in any way as young children. I would like to say that for every small mistake he made with his magic, he justified it, so he learned from his mistakes once! I like the college episodes. he could learn from his mistakes without resorting to everything; It was boring. We should not leave Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard was beautiful and perfect with Perky's personality for Sabrina. I liked the last episode he ran to Harvey to marry, but it would be nice if there was another one, then see what happened. Probably they were married. What else did she escape in her bridal dress? But I like to see it. I said, like most comedies, that we wanted to leave the viewer to choose not to feed us. Some say that they were married at home and were going to school at home, but they were graduating from college. Sabrina has done a great job for the magazine, and I think Harvey has done a good job because we lived in a beautiful apartment, but finally found, but they did not say anything. As a child, they always say that they do not want to be destroyed as their ancestors. When Sabri transferred home this season, he did not explain what was happening. In fact, the show is not very clear, but I thought it would give us a secret. Before Sabrina and her comrades go home, Hilda has been marrying all the magic that ends with her becoming a child with Zelda. Hilda comes back in the last episode (and Zelda has another form, but Beth is not episode), but are they Zelda's husband or children, as they live? Maybe they do not want much in one episode. Hart's brother also liked it. She was incredibly nice and actress and she was interested to see her grow! For six years after the show left the air, I do not believe it! I still love recurring ones! But in the previous episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (a city to be near Salem), but in the subsequent episodes, name the city in Westbridge, West, and I say it in Boston, except where it works. Also, I would like to add that I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina", where it was insulted about the importance of those rules. She was 18 years old and very old; My parents would be insulted if I was insulted at the age of 18. At the age of 18, I can tell you how they behave, so that they can learn the results themselves. I think that in 18 they know that the rules are important.
