We want a long way from Laura. Otto Preminger re-directed, Dana Andrews's stars are a police detective called Mark, and Gene Tierney is a beautiful woman who punishes her, but SIDEWALK's death ends with a mystery that everyone loves. Instead of elegantly speaking dialogue, we get strange and refined realism. The previous movie took place at the rhizzy high levels of the New York community, although we live in low-cost dark streets, hoodlums, inexpensive restaurants and dingy apartments. Tierney, as always, is a wonderful thing and is currently living in Washington Heights (LAURA's "doll's" neighbor from a fox fur of Mark McPherson). This time Andrews was Mark L. Dixon, an older, miserable, more challenging version of cool polina with a trench coat. <br /> <br /> Where SIDEWALK does not end there, police-related violence against the sub-genre of Nairobi lies on police who can not control violent impulses. Dixon is characterized by the character of Kirk Douglas, who lost his respect for fraud against his father's crime. Where Douglas is mistaken in his own mistakes, Andrew is loaded with assassination and self-hatred. He accidentally kills a suspect and attempts to question his gangster (Gary Merrill) who has been driving his actions for a few years. Instead, a good taxi driver suspects, because he is the father of Morgan (Gene Tierney), who is outside the dead man's ill-treatment. Dixon does not despair of being killed by the murdered man's wife, in order to save his father. Among the heroes of Noir, Dana Andrews had this distinction: she was able to seem incomprehensible. Joe, who plays on average, usually comes in as unusually sensitive and sensitive as it usually does; More than that, the air that is so thoughtful for its convenience gives it the wrong and lifeless quality of its essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, cops, and soldiers, but it was always very selfless to know and to know. Her conscientious heroes are marked by fatigue, guilt, and inaccurate immortality. No other actor bottled anger, slow-burning pains, could not properly express Marx's aggressive intelligence. It also has humor, which creates sensitivity, silky heat, and even its heart failure. It turns out that when Morgan regularly takes him to a restaurant and for the first time the horror of this cold, brutal man insults the waiter, who does not hide his love and anxiety. When Dixon Morgan asked him to earn money to become his father's lawyer, Dixon slammed him, though he had recently argued. We do not have any say about loyalty or we know that a good man is deep, but when we take some of his jewelry out of his hands for a pawn, we see it in the miserable silence of a man and his wife's resignation. Dixon's kindness, as well as Andrey's deep movements, is facing other people's reactions. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews is a small star, she may be the fourth forty-five people. Some of his films are sometimes taking off his clothes; this box, the medieval silhouette, the fedora's more powerful, the bubble of the bush, the cigarette that he did not pull out when he spoke; Emotional romanticize a very boring two-elbow boy, SIDEWALK is over a facet of reality behind the facade, offering a grip and melancholy intelligence to the roots and consequences of violence. Andrews was just timely (although his performance was less complicated than the Oscar-winning drunk, although his performance was less than just the three main characters in the best years of our best-ever life) . Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some of the movies that provided her immortality, and now this little-known movie, which is also the best performance, can be regarded as part of the wonderful Fox Film Noir set. In one of the series, including a series of NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY, this series shows that the 20th Century Fox maintains the best record of all major studios when it comes to Noir.
