George Cukor manages this high-quality story in a striking world with a sensitive but firm touch. Despite Ronald Colman's performance on an Oscars, he still stands in spite of a few strangled moments? It's hard to forget his frustrated face, as he moves around the social functions unwittingly and trying to find meaning in his life. There are many interesting subtexts and there is no excellent work to make them clear without having to pluck many things. A scrip, created by waiter Kanin and Ruth Gordon, combines the world of rare drama with the fashionable world of the streets and uses shakespeare's "King Lir" as a reference to the movie's jealousy and the commitment of Colman's personality to its identity. <br /> <br /> Are there some interesting things about the movie? it is very sensitive to the treatment of daily problems of actors. In other words, if the art of craftsmanship requires complete full subsistence of individuality, there is a psychological method of actors that soon stalks the streets. But I really do not think that this story is a major concern or a matter of work / art. I think Anthony's struggle is more extensible, a deeply embedded uncertainty about identity. There is a basis for his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). She says she would never be or will not be a good actor without her inspiration. And at another point he clearly says that his extreme identification with his roles began after he was married. I'm not sure what to do, but it's important for me, especially for her and her jealousy. Perhaps Anthony was in a serious relationship and put himself in danger. The concept of marriage means "unity of the soul." It is not unusual for the male and female heroes to divorce at the beginning of the film. This is not entirely unexpected (Hawks's comedy "Girl's Friday" is a bit different), but it is unusual and probably important when it does not end romantic break-ups. In a way, the film may indicate jealousy is another form of self.
