For a couple of fans of a DOUBLE LIFE film created a mystical development for two reasons: the idea of ​​an array of players who took a great defect of this feature and played a role in his life (Othello here); Ronald Colman's Academy Award (as well as Golden Globe) is the best player in the world. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's greatest role, even his signature role? I have doubts on both levels - but it's among his most famous roles. Most of his career, Ronald Colman, often played decent gentlemen in dangerous or atypical situations. Bulldog Drummond is a criminal offense (not being a cleansed, arrogant racist in Goldwyn production). He's a Raffles, a great cricket player, and even a big thief, trying to get the best outfit to get rid of a friend's honor. He is an imperial politician called Shangri-La, Robert Convey, kidnapped and brought to heaven on earth. Dick Heldar is going to die hard when he knows that the masterpiece is destroyed and that he is now as useless as a blind and artist. You can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here it is not heroism. In fact, he is unconscious - a man killing and killing two people. <br /> <br /> Colman has won the Oscars for "Heldar" or "Cardboard" or "Convey". roles. But the Academy has a long understanding of playing an unusual role in treating its leading members. Colman's Anthony John is a very good performance and at some point really scary. With Signe Hasso at home, there is an argument on top of a stairway and on its base. He demanded that Tony leave him and said he would not see him. He looks in a darkened way, in a way that he never uses before, and says: "You will not do anything!" When he got up, Hasso started scaring, and he ran to his room. It stops and creates itself. In fact, it's actually more than Hasson's attack on the stage or the murder of Edmond O'Briend or Shelley Winters. Snow showed anger. At that moment, Oscar's performance was decent. But at the moment. <br /> <br /> She was delighted to have known for this role, but she should have been rewarded for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> Othell's true performance on the role of Shakespeare is strange, not great. Often he allows the dialogue to suppress his language in a kind of forced reading style (though it's miraculous, depending on Walter Hampden's coaching, the role to play properly or his reaction). At the moment Othello is played more frequently than an African American actor. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance played a role in this new tradition. The three best part of the band is Colman, OTHELLO, Orson Welles, Laurence Olivier in OTHELLO's production. All three white actors acted on the black side. Welles is the most delicate of three people's personal favorites. But even watching Welles's beautiful movie, Robeson frustrated with the film, Jose Ferrer, that he never missed his performance. <br /> <br /> Now the first question is - an actor, a role? I heard about it differently. Some actors, including the theater or movie set, have admitted at home with a role. Others have had a role in stimulating the effects of their lives or of a new movement in some areas of life. But in fact, I did not hear anyone killing as a result of a role. It looks like a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, in 1947, it was not a new idea with Chukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, BRIGHTON STRANGLER, who played the role of "B", played the role of John Loder, used a similar point about an actor playing low "Jack the Ripper" and his mind, which began to start such crimes after the accident. In the 1930s there was an earlier movie that an actor played by the hotel had a jealous spouse (so the title is not my God, but I'm not sure). Due to Colman's name and career and Cukor's leadership, people are thinking that when they think of this plot, people think that DOUBLE LIFE. Diane Chambers reached the comedy (finally) in CHEERS episode, which helped her with the ability to help and conquer a hack that helped her be punished in the past, and she kissed Sam Malone and put her in the bar after seeing her. Only Diane is aware of the problem of the former prisoner's personality and can not delay his production (he is trying to start debate on the history and symbolism of the game). <br /> <br /> A DOUBLE LIFE was the first rate to earn, and the direction of the pike was always as confident. So you have to watch the movie. But Colman has played a different role in an interesting way, but this is not the best thing on the screen.
