Like others, I have also seen and investigated most of Kettle Killings' books and films, including several dramatic works based on the actions of the participants and their psycho-mythology, including Temote himself. As far as Capote is concerned, I can not forgive Perry Smith's confessions, intimidation, and writing to hide from his defenders. Capote's "truth" for the "book" of the two guilty verdicts and the death penalty, I believe, is the truth that Perry Smith is such a nonsense under the old McNaughton judgment. Capote himself could not write another great literary work after Cold Blood. Shame and guilt. In my view, he encouraged and planned a brutal death penalty to ensure the spectacular ending of the book / drama. According to her, both died for her book to succeed. The book was forced to consider itself right, claiming that it was about the horrors of the death sentence. <br /> <br /> The book of Kapot is not true. Not actual or journalistic. Drama and melodrama are delighted with their creative psychic imagination. Many people believe that the first film against each other was Capoe's foolish picture that could have been the coldest of all. What you do not know is that the viewers are not spooky, and perhaps they prefer Blake's performance. <br /> <br /> So, who can talk about how the two killings will be played? Who judges that excessive courtesy and benevolence can cause a "poetic psychotic thing" to kill "now"? Eric Roberts's outstanding performance, I agree with a small number of people looking at the range of Shakespeare, have still been sincerely played. Anthony Edwards gets a more secure "attitude mode" to create Smarmy Hickok; but it is dimensionally and boring with just a few notes on television. Roberts is almost four-dimensional and adds a physical weakness and suffering to a powerful animal, a Frankenstein Live, who knows exactly what to think and does in poetry. Like Leopold Apropos Loeb, Robert Perry Smith is in despair for a wicked man. Without Hickok or a person without its features, Perry Smith would not bring his psychotic thoughts into the horror world. <br /> <br /> After Capoten's death, Roberts and Edwards have the freedom to create original personalities and psychosciences to make a different craft. and the new production of drama. Roberts is so good in fluidic madness that he demonstrates his knowledge of physical and physical at all times, as these facts, Roberts, especially the majority of those who love the film, , cold blooded killings are expected and not shown as required. Because, as Capote creates here, we see a more realistic "life and death description" compared to a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> The real cold-blooded murderer, Mr. Capote, and the scholars of Capote's life, literature, and truth, say, "Cold blood" and scientists must accept it. is a version of the desire or the truth to reflect the truth, not so much, but cowardly Capote is composed of some of its own cliff.
