I'm from Sweden and I just saw this movie, and I think it's good. I have had very bad reviews about this, but we have to remember that many people who follow these two parts are not only in the United States, but all around the world. And I also remember that everyone has never heard of the film shot in the 1960s and possibly the flames. And more ... Finding an original movie can be challenging and if you do not always love black / white movies around you. It feels fresh and color and will find the public. She's 12, but I've seen it for the first time. If I could compare them I would try to find the first, but I have never seen Sweden anywhere. Ofcorse has internet but is not for anyone in the world. Here, it is part of the history of America's crime and it was great in the US in the 50s and 60s, but it was the former part of the world as it was in the past. A good time has been talked about, but 40 years later, for example, Europe will continue to be irresponsible. We had our own problems and murders, when someone rebuilt the film and re-illuminated it is not a bad idea. A new generation can take part in this horrific story and even think that the film about the Capote movie released a few years ago was also a very good movie. This will increase interest in events that took about 50 years ago and maybe not fall asleep. It's just me and now I'm looking for the version of Robert Blake, so it's not bad ... huh? This is my opinion. Some people will certainly not agree, but hey ... okay. Sometimes it will be good with remakes in old movies. His oldest is not always good. Filmmaking techniques are very advanced and today's scenes can be more realistic. It's always a matter of money. In the "good old days" many films were shot, but money was lost, bad administrators, and so on. There were and today (50 years later) they rebuilt them and suddenly they were good to watch. Dude took these boxes out of old classic horror movies and s / f and can not say I'm amazed by the good old days. Most of them have survived because you have thrown away. They were so bad that we just sat down like a zombie ... the brain did not move like dead. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them have seen remakes and remember to love them ... but not genuine. They were just painful. This is the old story of Bond who is the best ... Moore or Connery ... If you see Roger Moore first find someone to trust or love him ... Thank you and apologize to me, my english is not good. Lars from Sweden
