John Cassavetes' 1977 film Opening Night, critics have usually "thrown out" the work of such an important artist. It's a beautiful movie, and it's one of the best portraits of the movie ever. It is not a perfect movie that is half an hour longer than two hours and twenty-four minutes, and is a little overwhelmed by the drunkenness of Myrtle Gordon, lead by Cassavetes's wife, Gena Rowlands. We've been for a long time after winning the point. However, eleven years later, Vudy Allen's masterpiece, Rowlands, is a better portrait of another woman, an internal woman's internal conflicts. Nevertheless, Rowlands won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this illustration and was well deserved. Often this movie is written by Cassavetes, compared to its predecessor and lowercase film, "A Woman Under Influence", but comparable, but also an artificial comparison. The Rowlands character in the film has been a very serious mindset since the very beginning, as well as the characters in the film and the Allen movie, the artists who are returning from their imaginations. In this film, Myrtle's dream of a dead young woman, who can be seen as a young doppelganger, has a past of her character in the Allen movie. Many critics have regarded this film as an alcoholic portrait, and Myrtle herself enlarges herself as a scene manager when she opens the night. 'I've seen a lot of drunk in my time, and you've never seen anyone as drunk as you've stood up. You are great! 'But this is wrong, because alcohol is not its problem - it's smoking in its chain. They just wait for things to really end their own destruction and long ago to Cassavetes' credits, as a storyteller, but with Myrtle, and nothing else. However, the film perfectly correlates with the effects of drunkenness or fire, despite the fact that it is extremely courageous, with direct contact with the European directors of the past, the lack of disclosure to the viewer and their injury, and therefore the audience re-drama subliminal. Myrtle Gordon, the choice of whether or not to leave every single audience after deciding on the film, and the choice of this cover, is of importance.
