Yesterday I went to the city for an ancient wine market. I really do not care about such a thing, but I went to friendship with friends who have such interests. The seller looked up at hundreds and quickly saw somebody selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the films she had on the DVD were pretty close; In 1940, I saw my MY FAVORITE WIFE team together with Cary Grant-Irene Dunne. However, the VHS assignments are more elderly than those of nature. I could not resist buying SOMETHING because it was sold on 3 ribbon for $ 10.00. What a bargain as Eddie Murphy puts it. I've heard for years, but I've never seen a film: John Cassavettes' Inaugural Night (1977). Yes, I really wanted to be a fan of Gena Rowlands and heard that one of the best performances of this film. He was also FACES (1968). I've seen it about 20 years ago, and I probably do not have enough experience to do it well. And the bargain wanted to take advantage of it, and I caught it. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I come home, I will be able to watch the work I have planned for the ONE Night. I was totally impressed with this movie. Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), who has both personal and professional issues with her character as well as heroes, is focused on stage and screen actress. After a workout, an enthusiastic fan and autograph hound told him, "I love you!" He cries (and tears). After a few minutes this fan is hit and killed by a car. It begins to turn into a place where Myrtle's fears of aging, her career as a mature actress, and the inability to face the inadequacy of the game itself (written by many aged female playwrights by Joan Blondell). Throughout the film he sees the dead daughter, who is an open symbol of his past; almost durable drinks; the director (Ben Gaza), the producer (Paul Stewart), the strange (John Cassavettes himself) and the playwright. In fact, they worry more about how their behavior will affect them and their career: the sliding lines on the stage, the new lines, usually appear on the stage and are completely drunk at the Broadway opening. <br /> <br /> This story is not only about dealing with aging but also promoting Cassavettes' dissatisfaction with cinematography as well. When I watched the movie, I sometimes was surprised, mixed, fun, cheerful, but eventually involved, fun and agree. The Cassavettes had a great sense of humor and felt that the audience understood what they meant and wanted the story to be excited. She is allusions about the whole EVE, using a slicker and hats similar to Anne Baxter's head at the beginning of the movie, using a fanatical fan fan even dressing up. This is clearly the most obvious thing to support the aging and young woman's controversy. He also uses contrast as Murtus is facing his lost youth. At first I felt that symbolism was very open, but then I realized that it was Cassavettes' intention. He does not want his audience not to realize what he is doing; If they did, it would interfere with their sensual presence. This youthful attraction attacks Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually "kills him," but before he or she agrees with the game itself, he must go downstairs (another figurative death?). So, the Cassavettes are so drunk that he can not walk and should enter into his dressing room on Broadway night. He is a self-renewing character (it's also important for the subject of the film to help in such situations), and by playing the game a great deal and improving the direction of the game, the game succeeds, because he is playing aging character. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually played in front of a live audience who did not know and did not know that they would be part of a movie. They also act as contrasts: Myrtle is general and self-important about this issue, unless it changes its regulation. By doing so, he also enhances the work of his colleagues. The evolution of mutual interaction between humans, subjective realism and universal reality - these were the concerns of Cassavettes to shoot films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is all along the way. Of course, she has a great face, and Cassavettes (who loves her in the same way she loves her) feels very much of us, and we can feel her feelings and know what's in her. He cares about this character you want to see that work out of this crisis of the soul. And it keeps its focus when running for 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film is sometimes deliberately progressive and requires constant attention, but everyone who is interested in good filming and great interest will be rewarded. Someone said it was a movie for people who love the film. Others should be aware of it. <br /> <br /> If you have never seen, look for the Open Night. Here everyone is perfect and one of Cassavettes's best films.
