*** ***** out! <br /> Yep! Killer Clothes is a kind of film. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? In 1993, this film is regarded as a serial killer by Brad Pitt as a "great miracle" by several passengers on a trip to California as a friend who can be a good company along the way. While watching a movie, I always love to know nothing without explaining the scenes because surprises can cool even further. It was like California. When I was watching for the first time last year, I did not understand that there was no regression movie, so I learned, I was shocked and the movie went and went, it was better and I was sitting beside me, almost kissing my monitor, I was close to him! So, we're talking in clothes to kill, right? I watched two films by Brian De Palma before watching this movie (today!), So it is almost well-known for his works, but these two films may have been far away for me. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I was really helpless to get a copy of a DVD, and I can say that this movie is great! Mission: It's also impossible. I watched the third movie, DePalma, today. <br /> <br /> Well, Kill's Clothes is a movie like California. As the movie goes on, it's totally different than what you expect. Dickkinson, I watched the museum scene, which led the mysterious man to his office and ended up in a living room. You can guess what may happen. However, when the film reached the elevator stage, the film was completely different. I watched the rest of the movie and I loved it very much. But there are some points ... Some of the characters in the movie are completely silent! Take the mysterious man in the museum. I always say something, but I never thought I was hoping! It was absolutely funny and undoubtedly something that forced me to change my mind without accepting it as at least a masterpiece. Even though Dikkinson is in the cabin trying to apologize for the events in the museum, the silent man holds him in the cabin and starts kissing each other. As we know, the 70s of the El Chavo Del 8 recalled a Mexican television series where some of the characters are completely silent. It's really a great movie, passing through these low points of the film, but it's supposed to decline, symbolize, and plot. Dennis Franz detective is as beautiful as Marino! Like Carmi Lorenzo, Die Hard 2 (1990) reminded me that he plays the same character. <br /> <br /> When you look at this end, the end of the Outfit Kill ends like it's in Carrie! I do not know, I resemble it, because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a movie from DePalma, so it's not really an imitation, because it was his idea! But this is a recurring idea in Dressed To Kill, as DePalma could do nothing more than just to show Nancy Allen's awakening of the awakening in the same way as Carrie's last scene with Amy Irving. Of course, this was, of course, another low point. But in the past you see something like that, you see that Clothes Outfit is a really good movie and I'm sure you do not have time to watch it.
