When released for the first time in 1980, Anime Dicknson played a mega-erotic role in "Police Girl", as she played a sexually explicit housewife looking for good time in all the wrong museums. there are lifts), Nancy Allen, as a caller girl, Norman Bates's sophisticated New York American cousin Michael Caine and a fairly harsh picture for the two recent films. Today's standards are slightly less versatile, and despite this, a version of De Palma has the most "hot" content of any of the films that have been taken out of the rating, at least in the early 1970s and early 1980s, from Hitchcock's classic film shoots ideas, topics similar to each other. This is a somewhat sophisticated story, seen in Sisters, then on Body Double and then in Blow Out. The murder of Cutie Allen, Kate (Dickinson, a full blown 'MILF') undoubtedly calls Liz Blake, who was killed after being killed by Dr Elliott's office (Michael Caine) after agreeing with him <br /> <br /> De Palma , As it's a way to create a dangerous sexual fantasy scenario (perhaps, in the editorial setting), as Carrie's way of opening the scene, we have some technical knock-out turns in style: the tracking of the museum, the essence of which is more to attract and follow, than any tension intended to attract; Through a subway (a warning to the Carlito Road) chase is determined with a degree of accuracy with a bit of exploitation bit thrown into the black gang; Peter, the character of Kate (Keith Gordon) plays what is actually a younger version of the real life De Palma (Hitchcock and voyeurism obsessed science geek,) as a child. <br /> <br /> It should be noted that it is a fun and entertaining movie like Hell, something close to the true synthesis of De Palma's thrilling works. On the other hand, the same self-consciousness has ended several times in recent years to slip into the director's footsteps, and the story of "Clothes Outfit" begins to err as it seems to be frustrating. Hitch's film looks like a surprising psychological revelation because the subject of psycho is even more commonplace (a person who wants to change sex or even does not even think of killing) has a scene from the above mentioned scene. The last scene in Peter's house also invites Carrie to recall a series of recollections of a sequence, even for a manipulation asking for De Palma; is the ultimate stroke, though it is a master class for how to pull yourself out. Whereas the physician is a healthcare worker in a hospital, this mix has created a very good scene in the mental hospital during volunteerism, and all other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo and many headaches are filmed in advance of the sex / one of the best pictures of general disorders. <br /> <br /> In a film, it's a shame that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way. In the middle of the theme, which should be included in the paper jam for 25 cents, it is a nice piece of all the class cups surrounding it technically (soft lighting is as simple as the actions of the camera). Not a princess, but every day I draw most of the director's latest thrill.
