Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is faced with another marriage problem - it's enough to see a psychologist. <br /> <br /> Even though she is dressed in a slippery dress, her psychologist is concerned with Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), an accompanying person. historically important. After this article, Hide and Seek (2005) is one of the previous examples of modern style that extends all the ways. Brian De Palma is basically strange to director Hitchcock. For example, De Palma releases part of Vertigo (1958) on the Kill's humble museum scene. The Killin has similarities with Psycho (1960), as it is decorated with shower scenes. De Palma also runs a popular honey with repetitive motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrma. Similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma is able to make an effective turn or to overcome her, whether it's an accident or skill. is an effective stream. Perhaps sometimes because of this effect, when you are dressed up in the Kill, it is a flaw that you look at at this point in time. Subsequent posters are clever, agonizingly paced, structurally clunky and plot-drawn to Kill, after subsequent filmmakers De Palma and her honed, as Hitchcock thrilled, almost excited about 25 years of perfection, almost every element! <br /> Unfortunately, one aspect of the film is embellished with Kill's sex and nudity scenes. Both Dickinson and Allen meet us with full frontal nudity (Allen is very croaking) and De Palma is often drawn to Dickinson's tits, closed masturbation, and more visceral sex scenes, which are usually more popular than modern films. Several scenes are approaching a mild porn porn. I am no fan of prudishness - on the contrary. I am concerned about the clean, monogamous, sheltered attitude of our culture to the sex and nudity. So, in my opinion, a person dressed in emphasizing Kill's body and taste is one of the few aspects that others do not follow suits and suits. <br /> <br /> De Palma's cinematography and the layout of some scenes are also good enough, but it is difficult to do something better than De Palma. He is facing a unique, approachable approach, and he likes shooting from interesting points, such as remote images and traces of James Whale. Of course, then the filmmakers were uninterrupted, but it is difficult to say that they are better. At least, the museum scene draws attention to the ability to create a gentle tension on a diminished gloves after Kate through the complex nesting cubes of the UK Museum of Art, and at a glance. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, in a story-driven perspective, and especially if anxiety is followed by laughter, everything may look very slow and smart at the museum and somewhere in the area. Removing the film from the main genre and the main concern with filmmaking paper (like cultural facts outside the film) seem to be a very well integrated attempt and risky. Things get better after the first murder, but due to the gigantic effect of the film, much of the improvement is now a little clichéd and sometimes a hockey. <br /> <br /> Although Michael Caine is not used, the speeches are good, and Dickinson should go out of the way we do not want (but the output is necessary and very effective). Slay Outfit is at least likely to end your interests, but it's not exactly aging due to facts that are not part of the picture. At this point, it is best to watch the film first and foremost as a strange and exemplary one - but not the best at that time - some of De Palma's directorial skills.
