Not only was I a young man passing my bedtime to watch the HBO with a finished brother and his best friend following the Groove Pipe watch that I saw before age 23. We've also looked at Animal House before, and we've seen two films that play a SNL jacket and some naked breasts. Our parents were sleeping all the time! In any case, there were many strange and funny things in the movie, such as the Brown 25 series of Uranus Industries trade ("with the bearded moth"). white tube, Ewww!) or a puppet face talking about VD (a scrotum with a small penis stuck in the eyes). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made a feature film shot here. Chase sings with his finger at the "head" in his head, along with a filmmaker Ken Shapiro, in a trade called Fingers Do It, or a "Four-Leaf Fist" song in a Gerrit spot with a woman who has been sexually assaulted. The Belzer team, along with Shapiro in the "The Dealers", and Belzer, a wild bit on the "Channel One Evening News," featured a black prostitute, Lyonel's reporter, Ken, found the assignments. "Lionel, like a Choo-Choo, sounds like a train!" Among other embarrassing bits, including the "Fans" Fanny Hill, Shipiro's "Koko Show", after ordering more than ten people after reading the desires of the audience. Otherwise, couple of couples who "link Germany" are affirmed by two men (one Spanish), who are still in love with the "Wait With Confirmation" screen. Or some of the mystery of the animated segment on "Dealers" that Shapiro describes after some luxurious toilets! Everything is not too bad. Next to Ken Lippi's "Four-Leaf Fist" skill, while listening to the album "Just You, Just Me", dancing with the costume and portfolios around the city, there is sometimes a music segment with a cats with the police. writer Lane Sarasohn). So, finally, these films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live (which shows Chevy's first star) may still have fun today. P.S. Although I did not hear Curtis Mayfield's "Move Up Up," when I looked at the gorillas on the dance / bus starting with the gorillas, I thought the hilarious sequence and the woman who chose it would run away from the car. and then the naked person was caught by the police standing on the road. Here is one of the 70s who describes everything ...
