"Once upon a time there was an attractive land called France .... People lived happily, women were easy, and men in their favorite entertainment: the war is the only rest of the kings who can do it." The war was seven years war, and when more soldiers were reported to be more soldiers, the employers set out to increase their ranks. <br /> <br /> So, after Fanfan (Gerard Philipe) dropped out of a straw meeting at a farmer's daughter, Agrippa's Regiment, she fled from her marriage ... but first she believed in her future as a gypsy, and will marry the king's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but a daughter of a sergeant who is involved in the trouble. Fanfan accused the swords in his hands to get rid of a carrier under attack, when recruited by employers, Marquise du Pompadour and the daughter of the King when it was necessary. Now, despite Adel's very low blouse, she agrees to get married. In turn, soon he will find his love for Fanfan. We are in the middle of a film about the fate of Fanfah, the angel who fights against a sword, and the ribald adventures of hatred. The floor doors, swords in tile cracks, conspicuous battles, romantic escapes and more joyful mood than you can imagine. Fanfan causes a lack of Polishness and excitement. She is a lover who is quick to sword and swiftly speaks, but how can we not love her with her fate and with such an incredible nature of this optimistic nature? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic scene and screen actor (Francois Truffaut is always mentioned on Cahiers du Cinema). She made the most of her stunts. It was beautiful, athletic, elegant and charismatic. The man was amazed at him, and women imagined him. Seven years later, liver cancer died at age 36. All France mourned. Adeline owns Gina Lollobrigida as her own. Therefore, it is not a low-cut blouse that works. He is sharp, passionate, very innocent, and nobody's foolishness. Fanfan la Tulipe only sings with endless satirical events, reading situations and good nature. Let's not talk about fun, acerbic dialogue. After taking Adil's steps to save Fanfan, he meets with the king in a special neighborhood. "Give me a little," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" The King says: "Everything I want is a little enjoyment." "I'm a good girl," says Adeline. The King says, "If you love Fanfana, then I thank you, because you deserve my respect. Your hearts allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, and betray your loyalty to him." Now that's a smart, funny thing. Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut, and the rest of the New Wave band have featured popular movies as entertaining entertainment (and they've personalized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and his director Christian-Jacques were among their top targets. They probably missed Fanfan, a very funny satirist, who was probably in the army and the sense of war. It was just as good to do angst movies that could evaluate more cineastes. Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, were thankful to some children that they overcame the sensitivity to childhood and that a good movie was a good movie, a mass or only a cognoscente. The smart guy who likes movies can appreciate all the good things he / she has done well. Based on the level of popularity of the film, they behave as if they are the ones who beat Harry Potter's read. <br /> <br /> Jan-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
