This is the end of four swashbucklers of France, which I planned to hold this Christmas season: the others were not flooded (to watch) THE BLACK TULIP (1964; not so good from the same filmmaker), surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979), rooted in Japanese manga and prominent CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I was watching this night in Italian TV and remembering that I did not bend over it, so I was very surprised at how much I loved this time (and also lack of negative impression.) FANFAN LA TULIPE, with one of the first CARTOUCHE it is quite different: only cast and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, cinematographer Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but they have a plot? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche also had a short soldier writing ), it is impossible love (he is nobody except the king's daughter)! As in the next film, Fanfan (it is hard to believe that indeed, full of iran, full of life, will be deprived of cancer for 7 years Thinking that Gerard Philip) Fun-loving but cowardly men (one of them is really his superior officer and heroine's own father) and against an unscrupulous figure in their ranks (at the end of the hero, the rogue of aging Roquevert, who is dealing with a roof duel, deserving designs to the daughter-in-law!); Note that, Lollobrigida will join Rene Clair's beloved romantic dreams, LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952), in his next film. FANFAN has set up a large box office in his own home and has a striking (but decent) Best Management Award at Cannes (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA has come out! In fact, its popularity has been reinstated in a colorful computer version (possibly for the benefit of a ten-meter black-and-white product) and the Criterion DVD itself. Although there is a foreign language title, there is also a suspicious selection of English dubbing noise, but it's not really worth the original, even if it's not particularly painful to sit down when everything is done and done! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given by a young Genevieve Page, known as Madame De Pompadour) is a comedy (anticipated) action and romance; some may reach this difficulty, and I do not agree with myself that I enjoy the sharp satirical story, and in general, this combination can be compared with Jerzy Skolimovski's article in Gerard (1970). Here they said that swords were a very powerful enterprise (especially in the woods and in a monastery) and the film itself, during the maturity of the grape Hollywood voyage as I did now, as I did in the past; falling enemy forces (prepared to talk enthusiastically, quickly and cranked), just as Marcel Herrand describes, is exhausted by our heroic trio. Marcel Carne's role as the leader of the Parisian underworld in PARADISE CHILDREN (1945). <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian television station threatens to feature Christian-Jaque's future promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964), but has not yet demonstrated the program three times (along with the fourth one for the next week); LEGEND with the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, also starring Gerard Philippe), SECOND TYPE (1967) and FRENCHIE KING (1971, Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
