One of the greatest western time of all time! But, unlike many, nature, horses, bullets and so on. He does not deal with it, but instead of a rifle, Winchester '73 and how this rifle affects others and how it affects them. The rifle is alive, breathing, not human, is it right? You may have to believe that this is not the case. However, for many reasoned reasons, there is an idea that in the remainder of the look, his unthoughtful "owners" do everything possible to make sure that he finally returns it to his rightful owner and has no content until he returns to his original owner, , unthoughtful "owners" always seem to kill or save somehow to save and save, James returns Stewart, then "content." However, not every one of his owners deserves to do so. Of course, Stewart won it. McNally should be a dirty thief and kidnap her. Drake is not necessarily because he can probably lose some poker game, and Drake is also very cowardly, so why not even have one shotgun if he does not use it? It is not Dury because it is only a single-piece mania and we all know that volunteer maniacs are not worthy of weapons. This film has only a rare edge that the West can be like in the Ox-Bow event. In contrast to the 30's and more than 40 Bogart films of the West, there is no nerve. This is my favorite favorite "River of Bend", although all five are the most affordable places in the west of Stewart-Mann. The other four were so different. It is not accidental to see that the other four is colored and it is black and white. This is beyond the neurosis. All five films show that revenge and darkness in Stewart's piece play is not Stewart's dark side, but also a kind of character, not just to participate in the list of credits, but just to recognize it, and you know it's there forever. However, this is not only in revenge and darkness, but also in terms of high danger and stewart, which is more than the other four. But Stewart does not cross any line. But he goes with a line between light and darkness. That's why he played such an integral role in black and white movies. They could be all black and white, or they could have all the colors. But this is black and white and the other four are colored and there is a good reason for that.
