Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson and George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull and their filmmakers, Anthony Mann, work on the first western entertaining West Coast with James Stewart. Stewart's attempt to take revenge on his father's murder is a primary story; Winchester's is truly an ensemble, a gold merchant (John McIntire, especially the bigger) who runs through the many colorful owners of the work one by one, old Dan Daerya is even worse than usual. The artistic and historical adaptation of the film, in parallel with Mann's parody, creates a brilliant shining pitch and contrasting tone, with a serious film composition. His psychological worries and the past dictatorship are the theme of this delicate fairy tale of good and bad people, followed by a single gunshot, but suddenly they appear on a vignette of her husband's cowardice and fail in the grief attempt and are determined by conversations with Stewart's sidekick. Millard Mitchell. Mann's use of the environment differentiates him from other western films. Instead of moving away from them, he combines them with facial expressions, difficulties, or facial expressions of human characters. Naked Spur should be regarded as mountains, caves and rapids, where the gunfire occurs here between the empty cliffs and stones of a small mountain, a physical barrier, which plays a role among two equally talented chess players, both elegant and equal. (I'm afraid of the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, especially his night and day, as a clear photography). Not only a masters outdoors, but Mann Wyatt Earp-patrol provides an even view of Dodge City, largely through dimensional, multiple adjustments. Shooting competition is not effectively linked to camera shapes or double segments because Mann can instinctively move the camera and move it to show the largest density of data in a single shot. It does not touch the structure in dialogue, relying on a well-chosen image to actor's eyes or shares. Specifically, one scene helps explain his attitude: Mitchell has motivated Shelley Winters to stop by Climactic gunfight, which shows everything that Stewart soon has enough. Winchester '73 seems to be more modern than its contemporaries, and yet rejoices.
