In 1950, a brilliant actor, James Stewart, is a new creative team created with the creation of a number of western contributors to help identify the genre for the future with the brilliant director Anthony Mann. Stewart, until then, approached mostly family-directed comedies, dramas, and romances. He is no longer a very talented Hollywood star. One of the best screenshops and one of the best in celluloid for Macaulay "Mike" Connor was a scandal called The Philadelphia Story. He even made the western ones. The guns are still shy of Thomas Jefferson Destroy Jr. helped to make the film Destroy Rides Again in the west of the comedy. But in most of the filmmakers, he was a world-wide rebel, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely there was a dark side in any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann is associated with B flicks in film noir mode. "Raw Deal," "Side Street," and "T-Men," starred James Stewart. Thus, two talented men have combined their resources to prepare the largest Hollywood mountaineers. "Winchester '73 'and' Man from Laramie 'were good, others were almost impressive Mann became a successful film director, and some critics think that Gary Cooper is the largest Western of the" people of the West ". Stewart was incredibly rich as a result of the partnership, because he was signed for a portion of the royalties rather than part of the paid wage, Winchester '73 was also one of the first films describing a story from a travel victim. Each owner is part of the tale, and comes in an exciting showdown that surprises the audience at the end of the movie, based on a story by Stuart Lake, a fairy tale of revenge and Winchester's property centers this year, 1876. Custer and his 7th The horde was destroyed in Little Big Horn by Sioux and Cheyenne Local Americans want to return their lands and lifestyle, this young Bull (young talent as Rock Hudson actor) and a small cavalry band, starring Lin McAdam (Stewart), his wife Lin McCard (Stewart) and leads to a conflict with local America, which is associated with it. Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters) are trying to find a kind of heartbreaker dirty pigeon. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. Newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best ("Hazzard Dukes") are delayed by horse soldiers. his head is like marshal. Beautiful actor Will Geer (later Waltons) looks like old Earp. In fact, Wyatt was a Marshal helper in the Dodge, cutting off his teeth to become a lawyer. Lin McAdam won Winchester in a shooting contest, but was later taken by Dutchman Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his assistants. McAdam and High Spade, after the Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> Winchester has become a worse character than Waco Johnnie Dean, who has played a bad role, described by Dan Duryea, who passed through some hands and threatened to steal witnesses. The transfer is always tight when walking. John McIntire has an excellent player who is perfectly played. Other swaps are combined with the above scenario. Additionally, the audience keeps sticking to the chair throughout the show. <br /> <br /> First of all, as mentioned above, it plays the lowest. Look for uncredited parts, other known faces, including Bonanza Ray Teal and the B West's reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson) future sheriff.
