Everything starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? Yes, it depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or at the end. The author gives Gabriele Muccino a chance to add Seven Pounds to her new movie, which begins at the end and works until the beginning of the road leading to the 911th call. This is a powerful film; Maybe because of the first drama, because I'm a gentleman with a heavy moments and ghostly performances, but in any way a movie really works best when it touches me, after my departure from the theater is my head. And this is not a group that loves us more, brings joy and happiness, so I just say that my expectation is protected for a great affliction. Despite all this, I've been together with seven pounds until the loans roll back. Although he understands what character Will Smith is, he tries to complete his secret mission, which is a way to make a bright, shining, and finally a tearful smile. <br /> <br /> Our access point is a little tough and tries to understand what is happening to us. Smith's names are Thomas's names, one of the people we do not know, and one of the people he sees as he tries to follow and investigate. It allows you to work with the IRS directly to communicate with these strangers to see if they are worthy of a gift that allows it. A gift that can completely change their terms. He calls for an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him when he will fulfill his promise. Even in a small role like Pepper, you can not feel the sense of sadness behind everyone's back on the head. Perhaps it was seen three times that his character really covers the basic level of feeling of interest. <br /> <br /> Therefore, it is about the two men's time test and the way things go. <br /> <br /> This phone starts traveling to meet new people after the interview. Thomas is a kind of mission to overcome the money problems of sick patients, despite the heavy load and survival of medical payments. This progress takes a lot of turns from a "blind, vegan, meat seller" who creates it to "see the explosion"; at one stage heart disease, which has two donor necessities, can not print a stationary line, or even does not work with Big Dane Duk; his two aggressive and scary Latino mother was afraid of leaving her lover; a hockey coach who believes in a reduced youth community; a small child who needs a bone marrow transplant. With pain and an inevitable future, every day there are people who want to live and live in luxury, and those who want to spend money on cutting off the money and spending their money. Why go to the door to check for IRS at a motel where he now appears to be an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful spouse and large coastal houses because of the fact that it is not known for the first time that Thomas deserves it and his "gift". He said that though "it looks like a job". <br /> <br /> Smith's study of Thomas is a long and painful one, with clarity and honest compassion. As a person who needs help, he takes his job seriously, denies people and decides that he is worthy of the ninth degree. If it means that he should shout, he should do it. At every step, though, you see the suffering in his eyes, eating his pain in his heart, directing every step to his destiny, and not one for those who want to help, but also for himself. This award is a decent performance and I just wish Smith was fun for them, and this boy is good for them because I want his blockbuster action to do more drama like this instead of summer tentpoles. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> </ p> <p style = "text-align: justify; blind-seller Woody Harrelson is a pitch-perfect handicap with joy in his life, his cheerful laugh and his belief in humanity play for everyone who listens to the phone, sitting in the dining room, sitting in the dining room or sitting on the piano. is a fantasy that allows her family to finally be safer by dripping with a family's goodness, and Rosario Dawson is "beaten up" as a "young hot woman" for a long time as she is hospitalized and fractures, all abandoning life to find love and happiness. Thomas Thomas's presentation, which opens his eyes again for a familiar acquaintance, is only a free-of-the-day, sex is alive.
