Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for the CIA. He was ordered to go to the country of Turabuistan, a country where the United States was "free" and to kill a businessman called Omar Sharif. The reason for this is that American conglomerates will not stop using Tamerlane, a "convergent country", to lay a pipeline through a war-ravaged Turku, to Sharif, a oil-rich state. However, once the brand is in trouble. First, he meets the American public with a particular journalist Natalee Tomei, who wants to explain the "real" story of the region's conflict ... and Tamerlane. However, Brand forced Natalie's face and sharp mind to focus on his mission instantly and unconsciously. Also, as a trading show, her cover is forced to meet her country's pop-star prince Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry him at the convention center. She is the young diva, which directs Mark's attention to the assassination of marriage arrangements. Will Mark Brandon be able to fulfill his mission to ensure Tamerlane's satisfaction of BGG's boss by the former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd) with others remaining in place and aggravation? John Cusack is good for you, although it does not bring this movie together. It is worthy of the fact that today's Iraq, which was taken in Serbia, should be transformed into a country, and a country is hesitant. A shimmer in a coup, where the green zone is called the "Emerald City", and so is its similar neighborhood, trying to keep in mind that no other wars in the metropolis will occur. Cusack, Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others who have done a very good job. Duff is a great turning point, especially with a heavily stressed, hard-working, foolish singer. The reality of the war in Baghdad is very realistic that suits and other production values ​​are over-brittle. As for the scenario, it's not always together, but of course there are some great dialogues and scenes. For example, the young Turakui boy offers to keep the enemy secret, instead of money and candy. The brand produces cash, but since it's no candy, the boy always burns his car. Brilliant! After that, the direction is not a success, but often very often. No, if you have conservative adjectives, you probably will not love this movie a bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical look of the "fight against terrorism", this is a very good demonstration. So make an effort to see it, because you will support those who want to get away from the "formulas" from the old studio.
