At the weekend on July 4, the Independent Declaration was inspired by the spirit of "War, Inc." As our founding fathers give back their collective hand to King George III, this film also gives rise to a substantial emergence of an attractive war with the present product of the capitalist reptiles intending to privatize the war itself. <br /> <br /> The castle is completely lit on this line. John Cusack is beautiful as a droll, coincidental corporate killer, and beautiful as Marisa Tomei love interest. Marisa Tomei is very attractive! But John's sister, Joan Cusack, who really stole the movie. His author, at the same time, the development, the definition of his personal assistant, is priceless, and I laugh a few times with his brilliance. It does not have only fantastic funny moments, its faces are as expressed in an actor as expressive. Dan Ackroyd also owns the short, but very impressive, film-maker company Tamerlane Corporation. While sitting on the "throne" with the trousers around the shoe, Ackroyd seems to be a clown, even now, one of our throne's real thrones. You will not think too hard to recognize. Most of this film was shot in Bulgaria, so we can see very real military equipment. (You know, a US soldier will never collaborate with the creation of this satirical war). Especially enjoyed by the character of the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov "Omar Sharif". <br /> <br /> In a dance scene with Marisa Tomei, she has a number of lines that can summarize her attitude towards foreign policies against foreign leaders we have established. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie will not appeal to anyone. It's not a good thing if you believe in the privatization of our foreign policy, military, intelligence and analysis, penitentiary system and correction system, public health, and many other public services. However, if you believe you will find a lot to appreciate in this film, to destroy people and countries to add to the bottom of some companies. Along with the Independent Spirit, nothing more can be done to dishonor the corrupt forces.
