Then, 14-year-old Deanna Durbin and MGM signed a contract in 1936 and combined it with Judy Garland, a year-old young man in both films. Louis B. Mayer then decided that two opponents did not need a singer, that he had bet on Garland and went to Durbin. Universal immediately signed Durbin, turned it into Three Clever Girls, and wrote a scenario to pump it out. He was last invoiced, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lamps around his name. Universal believed that Durbin would be a beam and they were right. Three Intelligent Girls are less musical and more vocal comedies, and when Durbin leaves the film, the 15th film is with a umbrella. He and Penny Craig and his older sister, Joan and Kay, are determined to rescue their divorced ancestors in the hands of a gentle gold digger with her mother's mother. They talk about their way from Switzerland to their New York City home. They are planning to reunite with their father, not just to break up his father's wedding, and ten years later still loves the boy. Do you have any doubts about a song or two in Durbin, hot, sweet soprano? Nope. Do you doubt that girls and women will succeed if Kay and Joan find love and marriage materials along the way? Never again. Years later, Durbin said he could almost do the job of Miss Fixit. She was, of course, right, but in Three Smart Girls, Miss Fixit is the only film in her first movie. Durbin is funny, committed, energetic, energetic and naturally all. His personality is such a fact that this comedy is a mixture of Persian, confusion, good intentions and good intentions - it is a glad one. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the film easily. Lots of entertainment, such as Donna Lyon, Bonnie Barnes, and Penny's richest father, Charlie Winninger, and stealing scenes. Alice Brady playing dithering matron in My Man Godfrey plays Donna Lyons' mother, and her daughter is more than a gold digger. The perfect and sophisticated mix of Mischa Auer is the last one to succeed, with Ray Milland and Lord Michael Stuart. <br /> <br /> Three Intelligent Girls are as good as light and entertaining behavior and mixed comedy. Deanna Durbin is also a new star that saves Universal bread with a great success.
