Deanna Durbin has really helped protect Universal from bankruptcy and remains a great studio. Until the mid-30's, most of the great directors Milestone, Browning and Wyler have gone to Universal. It was only James Whale, but he was behind his influential fears. Deanna and Judy Garland appeared on a short "Every Sunday" and first proposed the role of Penny in Garland's "Three Wise Girls." When Garland did not exist, he moved to Universal Universal. At first he was an absolute supporting player, but his potential was so brilliant that the script again re-printed it to star. Henri Kosterin's directorial film touched Europe. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a beautiful panorama of the lake in Switzerland. The three "clever daughters" of the title - three sisters Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Read) and Penny (Deanna Durbin) sang for "My Heart Is Singing" with Penny. The whole house is not very good - their father plans to rebuild a small woman (Binnie Barnes). That's why three girls go to New York with the help of their trusted nurse (Lucille Watson) and their mothers. Lucille Watson remembers the role of Robert Taylor as a strange mother in "Waterloo Bridge" (1941). <br /> <br /> Donna, along with her scattered mother (Alice Brady), marries Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). Deanna for someone who has no movies experience is as exciting as a typical frustrating Penny on a nursery sister and she's as beautiful as a picture. When he said to his father, "He who cares for me," he will only melt - how glorious there was. There is one of the funniest lines in the movie. When his father said, "I'll take me to the zoo tomorrow", he answers, "Oh, I'll see enough monkeys here!" Bill Evans (John King) decided to hire Donna's romanticism (Mischa Auer). They make up for a night club meeting, but the mixed lord Michael Stuart (Ray Milland) is wrong to count, and Donna falls for him (he thinks he owns half of Australia!). Kay and Donna want to speed Judson's marriage. Penny decides to take matters into his own hands and runs away. He is being taken to the local police station, which involves police involvement with Il Bacio (he is trying to convince a young opera singer). Everything happens with Nella Walker's acquaintance with the Sea and Donna, the phonetic number (Mischa Auer), and goes with her to Australia. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
