The story of this movie is really remarkable. A virus was cut off and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that the animals control the lands above and there are banners called "Two Monkeys did it" everywhere. True, the human race has to hide underground from a disease that kills more than 500 billion people. As you can see, animals do not resist this disease. Every day, the scientist seeks the cause of this type of illness; how it was created; Nature did it, or created a human being. As you know, there is a group of animals working around the city above, there are some things that began in 1996-1997, and some twelve monkeys. (Or, at least, what the poster said.) So, a sentence named Mr. Jake (Bruce Willis) is sent as a volunteer to get some of the examples mentioned above. After completing his "voluntary" job, he was asked to go back in 1996 to see what is happening around the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of twelve monkeys. <br /> <br /> Throughout the story, the time machine is wrong several times from 1990 to the 1950s. (In the middle of a war). As he traveled back and forth, he began to start James James's story and his story. The whole story ended very well, and for the latter, I gave it a higher degree. I personally did not like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I was expecting more to explain what was happening, but not everyone who thinks this way. So I gave it to 8, but if everyone agrees with me, I would give it 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For all the film's work I give it A +. Bruce Willis is good for this role and he's doing well, but Brad Pitt is absolutely 100% excellent. His player is so great that he gets into the character well. I have never cared for Brad Pitt since I've seen him at this and Fight Club. There are characters or the like in this movie, it's a little more ... crazy in this movie. So, in general, I think it's worth checking it out completely. For a great many people, this is a great science fiction movie, I do not think it's just a king.
