Terry Gilliam and David People are merged into creating one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the '90s. People have been strangely twisted about the nature of time and have proved their fantastic ideas with the scenario? I love the ideas that can not change the past; is a nice contrast for many travel movies that are contradictory? biological genocide and the subtle line between foolishness and madness. Gilliam saw his thoughts with unique quirkiness, excellence and authenticity. The story itself is: a man, James Cole (Bruce Willis's heart-warming performance), left some left to survive underground for several decades to get information about a human-wasted virus: Scientists hope to find a cure that they can return to the surface of the future. But since time travel technology is not perfect, it is sent to different crossings and difficulties. Here is a great science-fiction thriller with a film of noir shades come together to combine many cell-right activists, the end of the millennium to create paranoid, biological weapons, the truth setting, and a strange story. definition of the mind. With such an intricate film, Gilliam and the Peoples were easy to create a confusion, but the Twelve Mike is a thought-provoking story, and it will benefit those who want to appreciate some pragmatic ideas. <br /> <br /> Ten years ago, I watched this movie once. He gave me so many things: I thought about it many days later; For my young mind, it seemed very clever and was one of the first films to critique cinema as a serious and important thing. I watched this movie a few days ago on a DVD and was better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still plays all the scenes playing Jeffrey Goines? Tyler Durden's Fight Club is a prelude to the character? Perhaps there is also a child with some anarchist / non-conformist ideas that are responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole are the best in the film, Pitt's eyes, sounds and quirky behaviors really understand that he is really a person who is locked in an embarrassing logic. Pittin won the Oscar nomination! The performance of Bruce Willis was also striking: I did not remember very well, but it was full of beautiful and sensible; he plays a man who has spent almost all his life underground, and when it comes to the past, I will share your child's permit with a simple thing to breathe fresh air in the morning or to rise above the sun. Cole is a very uncertain character, the peoples have tried to make a ghost in it and made other people and other things disturbing: shows how uncontrollably the scene dance produced by their teeth. Ironically Cole did not start as a crazy character, but when he began warning everyone about the end of the world, he considered it insane and from all his sure works of art until he came to a point he could not separate from the future. Willis takes a lot of mixed and hazardous looks and works perfectly. One of the entertainment in the morning is Cole's shrinking, Dr. Kathryn Railly finds a truly evident proof of his future and now forces him to repeat his mission to save the world. The scenario is packed with such strange twists and keeps the movie intact. Their relationship is good, perhaps for a short time. But I liked Cole and Railly's love and I tried to flee from future influence to live a peaceful life in the past. <br /> <br /> This film has two great endings: in a sense, a twist, a twist, Se7en, or Cole, who looks around and looks around for a smaller James Cole, who witnessed the killing of Fight Club and Railly in the future crouching is a more intimate ending; The two parts looked short and smiled at him. Bending is brilliant, but I prefer this discount for moral effect. Madeleine Stowe, Dr. Railly was playing very well, his performance was very different from me. The film is filled with a feeling of fatalism with the thought that the past can not be changed: this film shows this horrible. In this sense, Jake Gittes remembers Chinatown as he violates everything. Railly's character shares this fatality, trying to help Cole? first engages in "madness" and then helps his mission? <br /> <br /> <strong> The number of people living in the Caucasus is high. <p style = "text-align: justify; The twelve Monkeys are a great movie to watch if they want to have fun, although there are more artists than artistic films, they do not have to be art.In order to create modern masterpiece music, costume design, etc. It is an unprecedented film that combines all the elements in a beautiful way.
