Stories about a post-apocalyptic future probability, have been around for centuries, as a genre of science fiction. In the midst of all these stories, whether we refuse to give up or not to ignore the responsibility of our present-day society and the things that are ahead of our present day, which are the cause of our present-day future, good or good. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is, of course, a natural form for this film. The film is a film that shows a sense of inevitable tragedy despite the fact that a community of self-defeating and comedy moments. His world, TWELVE MONKEY is a place where wildlife runs, where the cities are dirty and indifferent to the cities where everything reebe everything to prevent everything, despite the brightness of the opening sequence where the world is mad, every corner of madness. <br /> <br /> It's a very dark movie, but it's up to its best, the most linear (regardless of the research areas) and once again with recurring images. <br /> <br /> The virus was delivered to humanity in 1996 and, as we know, led to the destruction of the Planet's Life. He tried to change the fate of humanity on earth by employing scientists of the future, humanity. He was a James Cole (Bruce Willis had a great influence on them) to get back to time as the gnome pigs. Cole can be any person. We do not know anything about him, but in many cases he is less than a spending volunteer, and his character's instructions are hiding after he is approached to fulfill his mission. We know he is a dreamer and his dreams can be real: he could have been on the stage of the 1996 event. <br /> <br /> This keeps popping up daja vu throughout the movie. In 1990, when he was mistakenly taken to a mentality, Jeffrey Goines (specifically, Brad Pitt, who played Oscar-nominated), later talked about the destruction and destruction, and then Cole pushed one boy on his recurring dream man ... what? He does not know. Later, a psychologist confronts Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe) and one of her first reactions is that she is crazy and has seen her before. This is something that is passive / resistant, active and even somewhat bare believable during this story, which is terrible. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream that he holds, he plays as a blond woman in the corridor, screams for help, shoots, and a special red-headed man Jeffrey Goines in the ponytail?) Without pushing a innocent little boy ran as it had been before. Questions arise: are these events happening? Will they happen? Is this really a part of this or that part - the smallest player, anyone who falls into a large area? Or is this a great conveyor belt that repeatedly repeats the times when it comes time and again? <br /> <br /> These questions are composed by Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton, a masterpiece of Vertigo's main scene of Alfred Hitchcock's cradle, crying for its short existence ("You have not given any warning," Cole and Railly said, from the seats in the movie theater). Vertigo's dialogue pieces created a foil for the dialogue between Railly and Cole, and then Cole, as she appeared in the theater and woke up after looking for Railly, she faced masking. As Berna Herrmann played with the emergence of Honey Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster, , Like the Eva Maria Saint in the North. It's an interesting sequence of actor names in both films: Madeleine Stowe, Kathryn Railly, a yellow sparkle and gray tail coat, and calls himself "Judy Simmons" and a man named James Cole; James Stewart will not appear again at a time again, but for the first time plays a detective who is trying to help the Madeleine Elster "crazy" Madeleine who looks like his brother Judy Barton and later Madeleine. Action and reaction, play and re-play.
