I have not seen this movie for more than 35 years, so if you take a look at it for the first time with a television (cable) for the first time (but not in the video), I was convinced that I would not miss it. Unlike many other films, which seemed to lose their glimpse at last, when I looked at it again, as I remembered for the first time, visual images with "pride of the seas" were found and effective. <br /> <br /> What makes this film special? Al Schmid and his comrades in the Battle of Tenaru in Guadalcanal in November 1942, based on the true story of the Marine machine-gun, 95% of the book is based on the scenario, "says Al Schmid, Marine, by Roger Butterfield, just enough to meet the time limits of a movie to varying degrees. This is not a typical "war film" that is the center of action, and in fact the form of war is 10 minutes short in the middle of the film. However, the lowest possible and memorable 10 minutes to describe the nightly battle is that it is usually deprived of mockery or fraud characterized by the genre. Probably, before the pre-dawn, the natural drama of the events that took place there was enough to convey the audience the modest, ugly and brutal nature of war, and it was likely that the audience was shocked when it was seen after the war. This film is not a "fame" fight; I can not imagine those who saw the scene and wanted to call it. <br /> <br /> This film is the result of a truly troubled war and how damaged men can claim their lives again. There is an excellent hospital scene where many people have discussed it, and I think it's a reason why the movie has been so good - it was written very well. There is a "dream" sequence that is practically experimental and reversible (swinging film) is strongly driven by John Garfield. Garfield's role was perfect because of his natural temper and Schmid's nearly identical, and he met Garfield Schmidt and even lived with him for a while to learn what he or she knew about the person and his role. Actors do not do much, but added equation, another reason why this film did not explain such a difficult, ugly story.
