In the movie field based on scenarios from other areas (or whatever the name of Oscar), "Holes" are valid. I think the author's scenario is good, because the author is the creator of the material. If the writer fails to write a script to save his life, the writer and the writer can create a talent capable of writing. However, this review is related to "Holes". <br /> <br /> Here are the reasons why a spoiler can be inside. (1) Louis Sachar is a perfect author and shows that he can write a scenario. I watched the movie and then read the book and both were not disrespectful or stupid. Some people have natural talent, which can also drive. (2) The best performance award goes to Shia LaBeouf as the main character. He played the role himself. I wanted her to see her character before she gave the results. (3) Andrew Davis was brought to quench a bit of tension. This is Harrison Ford's running and fast running guy. It can also push a few heads of Steven Seagal. As for this film, he made Alevi, and the rest he dug a few spaces. In other words, he can make a "action-packed" movie and improve it, even though "movement" is not the "mainstream". (4) My second favorite performance will go to John Voight, as Mr. Sir. Sometimes the unsuccessful role reveals the best in one performer. Voight laughing for half a minute as I said it was so funny when I was saying "Once ..." He has a comedy ability and he should explore a few roles that allow him to use that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very strong when it is given a solid text. This is the second best part I've ever seen (probably "O Brother Where Art Thou?"). (6) I love to choose the settings of the movie. California I did not know it was dry or old. I think the numbers of the population and land areas can be wrong. (7) The overall view of the film asked me for a bottle of water. However, it is possible to think about digging a hole in this twisting area within half a day. (8) The rest of the remainder must also be worthy of a box of Kudos bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Xleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill, gelled in a very good way due to their talents. Great cast despite being near the ensemble. (9) I love a movie that does not immediately comment on something. When Stanley sat in the head with the baseball players, he wanted to see how strange it would be for me to make a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (Touchstone, DISNEY !!) should shoot some of these juvenile films. It was unpleasant for me and I am a college student. The last adult juvenile Disney movie I've ever seen is "This Road" and "Peaks" (like 2000 elections, it's still close to summoning). Disney can gain greatness if it decides to expand in this genre, and keeps control of a cash cow when you see it. <br /> <br /> Holes is one of my favorite Disney movies, and maybe this year is best (this is an Oscar outfit, but everyone said that Oscar is the best material?). It's behind the Fight Club in my list, in terms of being a movie from a book I read. This is the first film I've ever seen in 2003 (behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter," Stanley Yelnats easily pulls a back on Harry's head and brings the latest death blow with the scent of Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie, because it also provides information and entertainment. Here is my end to my profit!
