Holes are a sign that affects the lives of at least three people in the past. One of them will be named, both of which are mysteries and will remain so. Holes are a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unlucky in life. Undoubtedly, he characterized the fate of the majority of Huns and after the exploitation of Stanley IV, "the great grandfather, who does not have the good dirty-rotten-pig steal". These special wishes cursed a very bad turn for the men of the family. At a time when we met Stanley IV. He is accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes that were recently donated to a homeless asylum by a popular baseball player. He or she may be given a prison term or may go to a typical construction camp. "I did not give a camp before," says Stanley. <br /> <br /> <strong> She met with the Caucasian embassy in the Caucasus and the hot sun turned her into a good boy. We learn a little wisdom from the "consultants" of Mr Sir (John Voight) camp. We get an impression that we are just a dangerous person. He at least respects his behavior honestly; He does not think that's fine. Leading adviser of the Camp, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is a completely different matter. He works part of a careful sensitive advisor, but he is quick, quicker than anyone who has the power to open his finger with the most brutal words on his accusations. The guard may decide for confusion, but it is another secret. These three rules are Camp Green Lake, a lake-free place. Only dry dusty desert is full of hollows five feet deep and five feet wide. Local fauna only appears as mosquitoes and dangerous poisonous yellow lizards. <br /> <br /> The green lake may seem like an incorrect place in many ways. <br /> <br /> Solution works despite the strange situation and strange story, because it understands people. Especially because the Camp Green Lake is honest in dealing with prisoners. The film is perfectly interconnected with each other by children. These children behave in a way that can instill love with one another, so that they can admire, fight each other, and leave their children along the line of age. This is a good nüanced nucleus that everything in the film believes. The character of the main character in this film is also updated. She does not believe in the curse of a family, she is not painful about the delusional desires of her "big grandfather who stole a bad dirty nude boy". In fact, he likes to hear the story. Stanley IV was not painful in the past and did not allow her to influence her father and her father. The film has a lot of sadness, but it brings a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> Solution is a smart, intelligent and intelligent family movie. This is not fun and inexpensive. Not a comedy but a laugh. Many family films are compelled to play safe and conventionally. Thus, the family's movie series is just a good movie that everyone can do. I'll give it 10.
