Well, it's often a matter of plotting, plotting, colored characters or striking fists to create a solid mystery story. Anyone who works with the New York Times crossword on Sunday, knowing no failure, knows that any puzzle is too long to stop any fun. The best crime secrets, whether in the film or on the print, reach the point, cue tips, sort the suspects, and hope that the slightest things that hit us with a few surprises; without complications. And they play fair; We need to be delighted to learn how clues and red berries come to a place as we are surprised at the double, third and fourth images. <br /> <br /> Deathwriting is a great example as Sydney Lumetin acquired Levin's hit Broadway game. He made a neat move with a clip, of course, tips miss (almost) completely honest with us to be (talking to lie even for us), and it still does not explain where it went (and even told us where to go). This is more than a film about murder secrets, a traditional paw heroic mystery. Instead of coming back - an investigation to kill and then explain the cause of everything - DEATHTRAP keeps us step by step through crimes by dividing us into an unexpected place; that ads are less "whodunit" than a "whlaqdoit". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared (unusable, quite bizarre) compared to SLEUTH's game and movie versions, but in reality it is more related to SCREAM. This is a smart movie, DEATHTRAP writes itself (həyəcancılarla a voltage), set the parameters is ( "a set of five characters flake") and himself by putting the "genre of the dreamer and the best conditions," a listener's own stubbornness stop to persuade enough Have fun. " <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP cəsarətlə bizə ən azı 5 əhəmiyyətli simvol olan sirr verir. Henry Jones bir cagey hüquqşünası olaraq əksəriyyəti ekspozisiya üçün əlindədir (və bizi folksi cazibəsi üçün təəccüblə təmin etmək üçün) və Irene Worth, bütün nominallı dedektif kimi Speaking at the Loony-something in the dark, like all qəribələr and comic relief. the three main characters of the murder (s) and / or victim (s) the fact that it causes this, Michael Cainein skills Sydney Brühl as the secret of the game, the author of the play as. characteristic of the loves us and trusting character, almost, almost everything is a lie, he says. a little ditzy wife Myra, Dyan Canon, in turn, weak or excessive or Hysterical, scary or daring or sensitive visible flirts with being a top roller-coaster ride playing a character role, even less than Sidney the third point of this unexpected triangle is not a newborn playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve, as we will never miss his character: an enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer, a semi-innocent victim, or a seductive charming sociopath. Due to the diversity of dance in the surrounding environment, Ace writer Jay Presson Allen has a cleverly-written scripts, able to be so entertaining that it creates a shout. <br /> <br /> Lumet is not a comedy master, because he is not a comedy master, so he ensures that his mighty player has free power to free the hero, and they are particularly proud of Reeve's sharp, theater but subtle work. But Lumet works hard in a limited quarter, if it works well. He clearly worked on 12 Angry Men, he plays a one-off, and at least acılmaqla limiting, stagy and slack can be extremely photogenic and widely visible. A country house, converted from an old wind mill, is relatively small, but as Tony Walton has designed, it's both relaxing and attractive, as well as frightening and frustrating. It's hard to say where the studio set up and the sixth character of the real home country's borders. As a crime scene, this is really the most inviting mistake.
