There are two movie experiences that I will not always feed. The first time I saw "Star Wars" when I was 10 years old with my "Golden Brother" for the first time. In the latter second, in late October 1978, my best friend, Trevor, puts on Halloween in Tripple Plex. Halloween was breathing, quiet, and frankly afraid of me. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decided to kill his sister in Halloween in 1963. 15 years later, once again, a mental hospital escapes from the hospital to return to Haddofield. She is a shy head of Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), who has babysitting and begins her stalking. Party friends are killed in front of the street, Michael sets his sequence to get it. Heroism, she is afraid of a proud young man, "Halloween", "Boogeman" and can be seen outside. During the killing, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works hard to find Michael before opening his anger. There is no evidence to sell Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). If there is a cheap excitement because the plot is opened, there is a postponed movie. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "There can be four people in a table game, and they do not know if they are bomb-free, and that's a cheap excitement, and I'll discuss what I'm supposed to do about it, and then it will not go out," says John Carpenter, director of Halloween. The spectators are watching and watching the victims, watching them out and trying to kill us, killing him, will kill him, and then Michael has disappeared, and the carpenter also uses the images instead of special effects. Michael, who is one of the best scenes, removes Bob from the ground, turns the knife back on the moon and then controls it. Everything you hear is loud, and then the audience sees Bob's legs desperate. the audience What's going on in the mind? Finally, the Carpenter's taste improves tension, and the tandem screen with Debra Hill gives us a story that enhances our interest. Teens are not "party crazy", but teenagers go through the rebel warehouse outside. Finally, this "B" has some good moves in a low-budget tension. Nick's castle, playing "The Shape" (Michael), adds something to the fool's killer. Cold, relentless and without pathology. Moreover, personality does everything in the same way. He only kills when he is trapped or trapped. He separates the victims from one another. It is based on the force of force. And the used mask (bleached William Shatner mask) gives you the impression of something that has no spirit or feelings. Although Pleasance is melodramatic in its deadpan monologues, someone is scared, helpless and uncertain. Does it mean that modernism is trying to explain evil? Jamie Lee Curtis's debut, even though he is a crown jeweler. Lauri plays the character as he is afraid of, and is also a strong and determined fighter. The latter is a man who is silent to me. It was the first concept of an unstoppable serial killer. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage of enjoying it many times. Halloween, and other scary movies, though, have no preference. So, for the first time, when I saw a movie again for a fresh and new experience to erase our minds, Halloween would be the movie I chose.
