I must admit, this is one of the most beloved horror films of all time. The only way John Carpenter draws this picture is that he opens the door to a large number of mock genres, leaking it for the first time, or leaking to one of the fifty. Sound, the horrific horror of Michael Meyer and the cries of Jamie Lee Curtis give immediate reliance on this film and a great start for an independent era. I love music, I love characters, but I love a strange structure, the simplest nature of the cruel and all the casual chaos. In this first movie, there is really no weird or no killing, giving the taste of Michael's true nature. Is he a very bright animal in a crazy or somewhere? This question can never be answered, but Carpenter gives us 100% and more loyalty to this beautiful kingdom. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is a horror artist. Even though his films have not been calibrated at one time (see Mars's Ghosts), Halloween's career began his powerhouse. This is his latest film. When I release other adults, I always remember this as a movie that causes me to light all the lights, watch babysitting when watching carefully and closely behind the doors. The carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world he has touched. By the power of his camera, he puts pictures of Mike in the least expected places, as he imagines you as he came to the killer. I liked every scene we came back and there was a place where Michael was away from no one, no one else. It was terrible, but absolutely brilliant. I loved the scenes that Carpenter pulled out of your fears about the subtle air. There you are paying attention to your business, and suddenly this sorrowful mask will not appear anywhere. Like heroes, you also thought it was too much of an eye, but Carpenter is not where you are. Michael is not a soul, he is a man (or at least I think), but he has a stronger mind than most of the basic characters. <br /> <br /> So, if it's only evaporated in the windows of your home, it's not been enough for Michael. Carpenter adds this cold theme music. I'm surprised that the criteria did not look at me from the window. The carpenter found the perfect combination of visual frights and cold sounds to point out what might happen to our courageous victim victims. It's fatal and can be done with the originality and more unforgettable excitement that is renewed by today's Horror Hollywood. <br /> <br /> The carpenter Halloween is a fresh air breath in the middle of what might be a horrible year of horror, the true fear is replaced by Paris Hilton, you know, the quality is not the same. Finally, I would like to say that in this movie, a simple nature of opening crime is so terrible and cold. The use of mascara mascara is wrapped around me. She is like her own eyes, using a mask of a child, drawn with a shooting that is still the best horror! He totally corrects his voice for the rest of the film. If you have a babysitter theme, you have kids behavior that leads you through Michael along with Michael and all Carpenter has a mastery capability. I could talk for hours to talk about this movie, but instead, I'd like to watch it again. Time to visit again! In general, this is one of the most prominent films in the history of cinema. Release all the foreign films that they think are going to coincide with the movies, leave it to a budget blow Carpenter and slasher genre. This single movie has redefined all the fears of the film, and still continues to influence a modern day afternoon treatment. The fatal combination of a real freaking killer, strong cinematography of events (usually not in fear movies), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis make Halloween the rest of this movie. Of course, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, worries and he lusting for babies' blood. What can be better? <br /> Level: ***** out *****
