The Halloween movie is nothing but the biggest horror film ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill, this classic refrigerator, created the most suspenseful, creepy and terrifying movie of all time. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film that inspires many imitators such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13), Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Charlie). Okay, that's why it's a bit dark, but it's going to show the effect that this film has in the genre of fear. No monster from the grave of King Tutun or Dr. He did not come from Frankenstein's lab. It can be created in the smaller neighborhoods of the suburban. And the night came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the audience would never be the same. This film has many aspects that reflect the horror movies. First, the setting seems to be a normal suburban block. Many of us who grow up in such a field can easily identify with a symbol. This is a kind of neighborhood you feel safe, but if it starts to run out of difficulty, nobody wants to raise your finger (especially a tough young young man trying to exaggerate your hero). the movie goes through the Halloween! The worst night of the year! While most people engraved jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking to prepare some teenie-boppers. Besides the settings, there are some great players. Jamie Lee Curtis, as a hero, can serve as a high school student in Laurie Strode, a beautiful two-footed shoe never seen to date. However, Donald Pleasance, Dr. Like Damascus Loomis, she actually stole the show. Michael Myers is a manifestation of the horror legend that describes what kind of evil he is behind behind his black eyes and describes a good doctor who has to send him to hell. But it's actually a synthesizer account that accelerates the picture because it's putting the audience in the movie. You will never forget it after you hear it. I also love the tone for this picture. Nowadays, they make the look of each film faster and give us all the details of the monster that we need to fear. In Halloween, John Carpenter really does not allow Michael Myers to hold a full look. It always looks like a part of the shadows, and that's why it's so terrifying. Michael has many scenes, partly visible, as spy on a teenage teenager (unaware of him) who adds to his frustration. If you think, some wacko is waiting for you now and you will not even know it. Unfortunately, for our teens (and, fortunately, for us fans of fear), Michael is not looking for candy on the night of Halloween ... looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers is a key element of this film's effectiveness. Laurie Stroeve's aggressive follower appears to be a murderer who can never stop him. It is your follow-up to the rest of your life. So, if you have not seen this movie (some are still there or even if you have it), grab some popcorn, turn off every light, watch it with an old DVD pop and fright. Trick or Treat!
