The last time I saw Fire and Ice for the first time last year reminded me of over 300 experiments. Under the worst conditions, and intertwined and one-sided (perhaps the best thing to do with Frank Miller's comic book, its design and dialogue, the right decision to go). However, the main forces were subjected to shocking movements that were watching the fighting and the bloody wars and the 14-year-old bloody sword. Sometimes there was a very hot woman to go around freaky creatures or elders. Probably, I would have watched the Fire and Ice before 300, both of which had the same feelings - this time, of course, this, of course, is Frank Frazetta, the founder and director of numerous documentaries and novels Frank Frazetta, with director Ralf cooperates. <br /> <br /> In some films, say, "Yes," they say. the nostalgia for the youth, and the VHS universally looked at the day with the Masters), and you will see something less than likely to be mentioned before, and maybe a little different. Fire and Ice are not just Bachshi's rotoscopic features, but the most fluid - if not the one I love most and the fantastic, medieval part of this world and all the artist hands, backgrounds, reasons why. With this chapter of character designs, there is a slight drawback to the fans in the game; The look went more to tell that it was Frazetta. This can be true, but it does not give more orders to the eye or it's not interesting when we do not see people who are killed or not killed quickly or slowly (my favorite skeleton-guide <br /> <br /> I really recommend If you are a die-hard approach to this style and animation, the area is divided into two warring groups, either as a 'damsel' or a princess threat or a hero, to what extent he or she must prove himself or not , Nekron and Darkwolf (the most expensive comic book by appearance) and Teegra (the typical fantasy figure, which is almost perfect for adolescents). The area, as an asset, is a series of mountaineers and tension bites around the movement, the danger in the upcoming Great War, the ogres caught after Teegra and allows them to fight suddenly naked monsters. tree trunk and living things from lakes. In an ordinary situation, she is surprised at the fact that some of the crazy (though not quite a usual inspired lunacy) is in the midst of this simple fantasy material. <br /> So if you are an animated scene, immediately move to some 'old school' (ie 1980s) and incredible design. For everyone, good, good, not good, I can not say anything about logical 21st century extension, with some changes, 300.
