How strange is the human heart; this is the most delicate and sophisticated processor of everything that has been formed and maintained by the concepts of truth and has ideas for the proper functioning of the brain. And what do we really know of his inner work, his depth or ability? What is in your mind that allows you to differentiate between true and dream? Or are we? Maybe the sense of reality is nothing more than an impression we see in reality, as we look at Monet's appearance, its vision bath becomes the reality of our heavenly vision. Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz, a film by Cameron Crowe, a film that transforms the creativity and awareness of the 'Vanilla Sky' film. At thirty-three, David Ates (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire that his father left. However, there are seven members of his board, who are interested in a fifty percent stake, and each one thinks that the company's lion share is more than young Mr. Aames. <br /> <br /> It is said that David will not take part in this game. However, he is under the control of the business and sees the board of directors as "Seven Dwarfs" and does not have the courage to challenge anyone directly. However, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (David Spipp) on the occasion of a glorious birthday, warns David that there are seven people behind. However, at that point, the last thing David thought was; a casual contact with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but goes back when he meets a woman with a party she can not think of. His name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and only after recognizing him for the night is the main part of his life - it will be hesitant to decide after the party as tomorrow. lives forever. <br /> <br /> Baseman Cameron Crowe has been prepared and delivered more than one film in this movie; a lot more than a movie, 'Vanilla Sky' vision made. Starting from the first screen appearing on the screen, it offers a visually stunning experience both visually and cerebral influences. It is a mind-wrapped mystery to swallow and sweep you; Emotionally, this is a hurry, and this may have exhausted you because it requires little effort to stay with you. But that's worth it. Imagine Motiono with a slick rock n 'roll soundtrack and a vibrant color strike that strikes with an impressionist's brush. There is darkness and light, and it sounds to the pound and drive until you feel the blood flowing through your veins and blowing in your brain. All of this played a virtual reality scene that underlined the expansion of the vanilla sky. Simply, this is a real trip; <br /> <br /> Regarding the speeches here, Tom Cruise, like Top Gun or his Ethan Hunt "Missing Impossible", as Maverick or those who perceived him as "movie star," not just an actor, and they will have to re-think. Because David Aames gives the best performance of his career because he has no doubt about his ability as an actor on the door. In recent years, Magnolia and Eyes Wide Shut have made several exciting career choices for their very realistic and sophisticated character. And give him credit, taking him a role to overcome any banned feeling; It was a Cruise that you never saw before. 'Jerry Maguire' has given him an Oscar nomination, which should also cause admiration and admiration of the interviewee. Cruise is not only good in this movie, it's noteworthy. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz turns out to be an unusual performance, like a woman who sows the dreams of David. This role has an attractive innocence that best fits its character and makes it accessible and accessible, but there is no secret that it can add a special "extra" to this section. But Crowe knows how to get the best of the actors, and he certainly was dealing with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who was quite alive in Julie's role. It never looks good and creates enough disappointment on the screen. But do not make a mistake, it is part of the "window irony" and Diaz offers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance, in fact, can be measured by the limited display time. It combines Julie with a beautiful beauty that is so unforgettable. In general, it's a terrible job by Diaz. Supported by Dr. McCabe, Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson ('LE' Man), Jean Carol (Women in New York ) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About half way, it can question the sense of truth; but after reaching the end of Vanilla Sky we will be sure. This is like the truth, a sure one and a wild one; but I believe that this is a fun hospitable offer - and unique - experience, you have to believe. The film is important and absolutely magic. 10/10. <br /> <br />
