In my opinion, one of the most watched masterpieces of all time, thoughtful, funny and sad everywhere beautiful speeches! All the characters are beautiful and the story is just brilliant !, plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie simply this beautiful !. The end is very strong, but I would not spoil it for you and I thought it was top notch! But I still love rooting for all the heroes, especially Jeanie and Annie, because I'm moving slowly and give you the chance to learn about all the characters and what to do. I do not believe that in my opinion here it should be higher, and here it was funny to see Randy Quaid, and it was written very well! The scene really came to me when Madjin (Marilyn Kagan) was completely embarrassed by his mother, and the film had some very striking moments. Moreover, dialogue is particularly excellent. This is one of the most brilliant princes of all time (in my opinion), thoughtful, funny and sad, beautiful speeches all around and I say that you see it right away! Direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne is doing fantastic work here with a beautiful camera work and keeps the film at a very delicate pace! Operation is incredible! Jodie Foster is really sweet and is as beautiful as ever! He was a very unpleasant, caring, beloved character, in some scenes he was tight, he was in the spotlight and he and Cherie Currie were Jeanie and Annie's heart! (Foster's Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is a hot path and is loyal here, I really feel sorry for her character, because she has a very cute character she needs to help, she gives a great performance and has created a very nice memorable character. Scott Baio is really great, like Brady, and I liked her work. Randy Qaid liked her in a surprising way in her great role. Sally Kellerman is great as her favorite mom. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh were both good as Madge and Deirdre, and they had to act as well as the other two friends. Laura Dern played a very early role here, although it was very nice to see it, though most of it. The rest of the cast is good. It's a mystery, if you see it in general. 5 units *****
