Vincent Price's first original horror with the same film as the "The Wax of House" hit with the previous year's sound - but terrifying horror gimmicks like "Mad Magician", very joyful excitement, D effects, spectacular performances and prostration! Crane Wilbur, the author of "Never Change a Woman Who Gets Victory," thought of his precious character, Don Gallico'ya, when he was besieged by the fate of another cruel heart and penned the revenge against those who wronged him. Don Gallico will perform the first illusionist show, such as Gallico the Great, and plans to feature the biggest magic in history; An article titled "Daughter and Buzz Saw". Gallico's promising solo career begins when former employer Ross Ormond stepped on the stage and under his nose, and all Gallico's inventions are the right property of the company. A grueling and relentless Ormond who set off with Gallico's once-married wife, Balsa's scheme, and Gallico's rival, The Great Rinaldi, dismissed the program. Unusual Qallico just closes Ormond's snacks, but? also the master to create disguises? He rebuilds the image of his victim, and even begins to lead a couple. "The Mad Magician" is a fun and stunning 50 horrible movie in Grand Guignol style. Undoubtedly, the podium (homeowner is a brilliant criminal novel) and a few cunning strange moments (though obviously part of it is strange). Near the start of the 3-D movie, just like a cheat game with a yo-yo player and waterfalls, it's just simply served as time-packed and up-to-date 50 slogans, but still watching them properly. The Mad Magician is interested in periodic regulating because the events begin to use fingerprints as evidence and Alice Prentiss's character is a clear reference to the well-known criminal cases of that era. As Vincent Price is the most important element of the victory in this film, at the same time, it is not necessary to say that every horror film played this legend in a man. As the other player can not do anything, the Price describes the gradually descending hero who is gradually diminishing, even closer to the mind-blowing illumination that can not be imagined. I'm sorry for you, Don Gallico, at the same time very afraid of him. You support his unprecedented acts and at the same time realize that his deadly grief will end in death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor, and in my humble thought, the manifestation of the horror genre.
