The film can be a look-glass with a new light in the world. Good Night and Good Luck, for example, do not bring contradictions to modern disputes, no infallible attacks. If it is not too close to home, it is easier to investigate the moral problem: it is removed from our situation immediately, leaving it in a fictional or historical context. By corrupting ourselves, we think of 'enlightening' ourselves, and we think of our ancestors with strange ideas, usually with fire and sulfur, but the definition of immorality can easily lead to ignorance and scientific explanation. Bettie Page was not just McCarthyism, but a cult symbol of a period that banned the cartoon (like Crypt's Tales), and they would turn the young men into half-young juvenile criminals. From the basic questions raised in his life, this film creates dilemmas that depend on it today, as in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film opens with two main stages. First, we see a well-dressed and respected person in a well-established library. One of them is photographed on women's kinky boots and released - and then turned into a secret police who sting a sting. <br /> <br /> The second scene shows Bettye Page to be called as a witness. In addition to the emotions that have been filmed since old times such as old fashioned film effects, mosaics, and fades, the casting behaviors, spectacular scenes of the 1950s, consistent argument expressions, and the film's structure. Archive footage is often intertwined - it delights many and irritates others. According to the theme, the film is a collection of intriguing photography movements and old clips of incredible beaches and landscapes are well suited to return to Betty's classic life in "health and nature" magazines. . . I think that if you are not surprised by the story, it can aggravate the impact. <br /> <br /> We begin to expect too soon. Bettie runs away from the Depression Years in Nashville, just by singing and singing the church, and alone to make her own path. After his initial success, his modeling work is divided into two sherbats: the main glamor focus on top of the rainbow laughter and the "special interest", decorated with high heels boots and light-weight gear. Earlier in an interview (reminiscent of Naomi Watts' character scene at Multyland Drive on Betty,) he gives a full-fledged performance that is characterized by normal, animated, joyful (but ultimately mild) day-to-day training. daytime expression. Does he still have a part that he does not perform? Bettie is often denied in the audience after she realizes that she is a well-known pin-up girl. But we had never apologized for the Bettie website: her aggressive childhood was quickly cached and jumped; <br /> <br /> When four people in four countries are exposed to aggression, they see the danger, then restoration of Bettie and the survivor, gathering himself in the woods in the desert, and the one who refuses to sleep and die We look at the courageous face. <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity, Bettie has the ultimate disadvantage of special photos. When returning to court, the opinions of a religious figure on the ill effects of such photographs are regarded as evidence. A psychologist explains how photographs lead to "suicide, murder, and psychosis" of young people exposed to them (perhaps not in this order). Finally, a star witness explains that his son's life has come to an end as a result of photographs - 'it resembles it.' It is not clear whether the killing could have been the cause of death. The text accompanied by a series of Bettie photographs in a magazine has been compelled to endure "terrible agonies" with fetish restrictions (the viewers are actually quite hilarious and know that the photos themselves are accurate dramatization). After waiting for 12 hours, Bettie explains his arguments - he regrets that he had not been photographed in suffering - "will not be asked." <br /> <br /> If this is what we call abusive dark ages, consider Ann (2003), the Annummer Advertising ban. With a photo taken by a woman, she said, "slide your local store for fashion and passion." He wore a bra and a skirt, and a handcuff behind his hands. Women and sex toy companies targeting women's consumers (also supporting charity organizations at home) have always shown their ads to "ensure women's sexual assurance and control women's sexuality." Prejudice and ignorance of Betty Page studies are still in the currency. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious views are part of the story, because the concept of guilt is not an integral part of Christianity, and it is not "against" the more commonly accepted sexual desire in the UK and the United States - a more factual approach found in continental Europe . It can be argued that sin and acquisition formulas and "salvation" can be argued even in the examples of pairing that continue to dominate traditional men. Outside the courtroom, a police officer who has a sincere (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie offers to "rescue" her from her privacy. <br /> <br /> <strong> There is something about the past. The moral awakening calls for those who capture it, such as Bettie, a perfect ensemble, and Gretchen Mol draws attention as to whether the film is successful or powerful.
