After The Snare's fame, there was no possibility that Hanzo could make a better trip, and that did not disrupt the expectation, but it was a good movie and fun, but first of all, sitting tidily between the first section is a terrific second in terms of quality and overall fun. The scenario comes from Yasuzo Masumura and parallels with The Snare, as well as the anticipated hi-jinks of the Hanzo film, but enhances the movie's humorous humor, making a great change in the formula, and giving the film a quieter, reflective edge. The film opens with Hanzos assistants who are afraid of a ghost, and it immediately solves the need to know how to benefit from this imagination. Apparently, the ghost serves as a guard of coins, and a stealing, corruption, and stubborn story appears on this device, with the anticipated violent and sleazy results. Shintaro Katsu is an ordinary gentleman in the drama moments, as well as an unexpected, fatal warrior and the natural power of nature, and is well known in times of genius and liquidity, and this is a beautiful circular performance that is full of public conscience and personal touches one edge. The expected comedy is also great, with Snake Magobei's moments, perhaps the most fun of the series, and the interaction of its servants is fun as always. Though beautiful moments are fairly loaded with a fair amount of movement and a bit of sleaze, the film loses a bit of a relatively limited approach. Both recall the previous shooting, plotting, tempo and cleverness of the previous movie, and the Snare movie works with a sleaz of power and is designed with an effective early inquiry sequence. In the same way, director Yoshio Inoue presents scenic images in a more advanced way with Kenji Misumi's less exemplary job in the Sword. Hanzo is sometimes a little weakened, as a niggardly free psychedelic whirl diminished orgy, with fingers trapped in strings as the most important of them, just walking on the visible movement of the legs. Nudity and bloodshed are, in general, a kind of film that is, unfortunately, a stronger approach, although it is a bit better, but it is definitely bare and unbearable nudity and violence. But even though it's less expensive through exploitation, it still has a great deal of fun, with anticipated moments working with aplomb, and there are quite intriguing and exciting, and even some effective surprises. Indeed, if a film for his supporters did not work in the previous installments and did not work in a sweet manner. For all the unpleasant delightful trilogy is a soft defective ending, the best of the second best and worth doing for an hour's enthusiasts is quite pleasant.
