"Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka., "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973), bright "Goyôkiba" (aka, "Hanzo The Razor - Justice Sword", 1972) and excellent (and even sleazer) this is "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. The third installment for the war episode on "Razor 3: Who Wins Gold" is the third and unquestionably unquestionably Samurai-Constable Hanzo "The Razor" Ittami (played by the brilliant great Shintarô Katsu), struggles with his battle experience as well as his major sex powers. Since I was a great admirer of more than 70 exploits in Nippon, the "Sword of Justice" was my favorite, and so it was more than I wanted to find later, and finally it was packed with expectations when it finally spilled on them. This third "Hanzo" is not as bright as the predecessors, although the lover of the Japanese exploit film is another cult movie that can not escape. "Who Has Silver?" Two of the above Hanzo films are not a little tamer, but they are funny and excitedly funny and begin with an incredible way: The film begins with Hanzone's two assistants when a woman flies in the fishing ghost. He always wanted to sleep with a dream, Hanzo insisted that his assistants take them to the event site ... If I did not have a promising start for this great movie experience, I do not know what it is. One of my personal favorite actors, Shintaro Katsu, is once more brilliant for Hanzone's role and a special role for her. Katsu IS Hanzo is obedient and fearlessly inclusive, which hates corruption and intentionally raped women and questioned female suspects. The queried women, thanks to their sexual powers and a very strange body, instantly fall in love with a very ritual. I will not give more information about the structure of the "Silver Silver", but I can be sure that it is so cool. Supported speeches are also very good and, as in the predecessors, there are many eccentric characters. Unfortunately, this is the latest film in extremely small Hanzo series. If they had kept 20 more, I'd be happy to watch them all! The whole Hanzo series is brilliant, and this third part is a bit lower than its predecessors, but it's definitely for all lovers of the cult film! Oh, how much do you wish for more albums!
