The hypothesis of the legendary painting (1979) began in the courtyard of an ancient, three-storey Parisian building. Inside we know, of course, an old man who devoted his life to studying the six known paintings of Tonnerre, a painter of the Impressionist era. A narrator reads various epigrams on art and painting, and then he talks to the collector who describes us, draws on them, talks about the artist and the scandal he has brought to him, and then tells us something ... <br /> < When it passes through a door, we come to another world, or to the world, or so to other possible worlds. The collector shows us the home of the apparent limit, including a large yard full of trees with a hill; within the boundaries, through the various charts, half of life or half-way pictures, and the possible meanings of each work, their works as an explanation of a hidden history behind the scandal, painting, and inspirational novels. And so on. And so on. Each room, every imaginable, leads us to a deeper labyrinth, and the Collector and the Warrior are dealing with individual monologues, and sometimes they come into dialogue, but they are more distinct and different. <br /> <br /> It looked second time, so strange and powerful, and could not be described, it was difficult to think or write. If I had an estimate of how much he had added to everything, the whole nature of artistic interpretation would be a disappointment. One of the two most entertaining and undiscovered scenes can be found. The collector creates some non-sexual figurines and, secondly, looks at photographs taken from sculptural figurines - then he goes through some of his life-size collection of figures. <br /> <br /> Have you come to the conclusion that the L'Hypothèse du tableau volé, I think too much about it and I just do not like it? "I say, perhaps, beyond the early (and contemporary) works of Peter Greenaway," A Walk through H ", I was very surprised at such a deep, very serious, so intense thing ... in the heart, ungrateful and entertaining.
