This project was first adopted as the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk movie version! and is not something new to Jay Chou, but has just begun from a start with a wildly popular manga from the start. D. On the way, decided to include some kung fu in the movie, so even though the title is <br /> <br /> But, thankfully, the scenes that kung fu really have affected the game were kept to a bare minimum. and Kung Fu Dunk is really unnecessary because they do not add much to plotting and do not get too much excitement and offer the most cheap laughs and remembered when using the Kung Fu in soccer games. Jay Chou is fit for his first role as a fighter for the first time in his role as the Fang Shi-jie, the first fighter to fight in the direction of Ching Siu-Tung's stunt. <br /> <br /> What was almost like this, because it almost turned out to be a kung fu practitioner of his character? he can give him an excuse to hit the ball and that he can pull the sticks practically from any angle. Eric Tsang joins a university basketball team with Chen-Li, who has the potential to become an agent, but with the team captain Ting-Wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and the team's first intervention, star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, on the big screen debut). But you know on the same side with team members, it will not unite strongly against the opponents in the basketball field for a long time. <br /> <br /> I also like this movie's Basketball, how it is targeted football. In spite of the courts, the sport has gained a good look in terms of its characteristic character. Here, special effects and wires are taken to appear for actors to appear as professionals in the NBA league, and all honesty moves through technology and stunt, while imitating various dunking movements. So, really, kung fu elements really should not be in the movie. The traction itself can justify the majority of the exercises, but it is enough to stop believing only to reach a heightened height for men with a common height. The number of games was only a lot of time and was understood by the time spent on a large number of subplotts, but each of them had evolved and fled whenever and wherever they were and in the story. Abandoned Shi-Ci's use of basketball games, one day to take away his parents, uses gangsterism to penetrate and affect the game, and use his love life with Charlene Choi as a good appearance and a role of another flower vase. nothing else. Everyone puts a small room to increase the depth of key symbols by acting a little too cool. One of the main topics here is not the individual talent and talent, but the importance of teamwork, and the players themselves could be more powerful only when they were more than just outside the court and more interacting with each other. <br /> <br /> It's easy to see where the $ 10 million is where the money is - the effects, especially the great fantasy sequence, have an important point in the film. Not only because of its quality and appearance, it is very flawless, but still I want to emphasize that the basketball itself, which is not from these elements, would make it a decent film with decent basketball movements. Jay Chou's great support for any hope of a box office success for your team.
