After enjoying this show for years, I was forced to see all again and share with my grandchildren. I'm very happy to pay a small amount for the memories I've mentioned on the DVD. Florida was a caring husband, a caring daughters-in-law and a caring mother with two children, who liked day and night as different. Michael, the son of a baby walked in freedom and JJ is a clown. I know many Afro-Americans do not like this show, but I know that many people can and should connect this relationship. When I learned that Ester Rolle had passed, my heart was sad. Tyler Perry is now a leading writer and I support his work, but one of his roles is not so much since Rolle was so ridiculous. No one should ever hear dirty things about physical appearance. When Daddy James died, the show began to be less interesting. Florida raised her when she got married, but she disappeared when she did not attend the show. Generally, the show was great and I'm very glad that I have a copy of my past. I am trying to follow the work of the old Times of the Good Times newspaper, and I am not saying that they are, in a word, a group that is not erased. I think children will enjoy this show today and I'm sitting with kids. <br /> <br /> Let me also note that I watch the show again and again congratulate the writer, the crew and the stars. Recently, I noticed something that encouraged me to think seriously, but I did not like them. I think that Florida was a bit tough when it came to kids getting money. The children did not need control, but Florida was made in a way that made her different from her mother. Florida is now concerned about the scenes I want to talk about when other people are not very good. When Jacob was alive, the show did something that James wanted to do for his Fix store, but his family never had to carry out the projects, but he got married to someone with a Florida repair shop. He would slap in front of an actor who had finished his time in the Good Times. Finally, while watching my shows, I see the extension of the series and the beginning of changing to the name "JJ". To make the truth come true after leaving the magazine around the JJ. It's nothing bad, not just a bad thing. I will not trade any of my DVDs, but time, skill, and practice have begun to control your eyes.
