At the outset, I would like to say that I love many "Planets" and yes, I consider it to be a "classic" science-fiction film for many reasons. But the criticism that he has gained over the years seems to me a little over the top. Leonard Maltin is less authoritative than the "Pro Planet" ... "... one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of the genre." Enthusiastic Surely. Smart? Depending on what part of the movie you are discussing. Of course, this point was the most influential and high-budget science-fiction girdles. It was worth about $ 2 million (this was 1956), remembering that the MGM produced all the stops to create a striking space adventure, unlike anything seen on the big screen, even more special effects than some Disney studios. 'Charming' is usually not a word to describe special effects in science fiction films, but it's the most appropriate thing here. Even the Monster, feared by Id, is a well-illustrated cartoon character that can not be scared by anyone over the age of 8 by Disney people. When I see different sets and art designs, models, suits, etc., I do not recall anything like "Self Wizard" with its own saturated colors, and I will not work in detail when it does not always have convincing effect. Despite these films, he was forced to smile, regardless of how much. Look at 'Planet' is fine. Scenes are fabulously adorned, sophisticated miniature ski trips to give the illusion of deep-seated paintings of planets and spaces in the background and so on. It's a bit like you're seeing the most powerful artistic scene game. The most convincing and convincing scenes are those that are within the Krell complex, where the rays of the inner space are wide and their wonders are good and reliable. But then we reach the actors, it's crazy. Tips are almost terrifying, just because the dialogue is not enough enough for adolescent dressing room humor except some of the scientific technopark passages. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon has been reduced to give such a smooth performance, sometimes lugubrious. Very young Leslie Nielsen, Spaceship Commander J.J. Adams and the film's conviction or conviction do not convey an ounce. It was thirty years ago that his real fortune was lying in a comedy, naturally, to read his lines and keep a straight face. Every compulsory reaction, anger, passion, or solemn meditation, survives from a middle school game. Anne Francis is also a little better than innocent Alta in a very young, spacious word, and we believe that no one else has seen the spaceship except his father. (Alta Morbius now has a name for you) Unfortunately, at this early age, Anne Francis' Butterfield 8 looks virginal and naive like Elizabeth Taylor. There is a good story here, on the Alta was buried somewhere under the crew companion's comments and another small subplot of the Earl Holliman's Cookie ship. (Holliman also turns out to be a terrific performance, and I guess all these actors go from this movie to the actor's school). Many of Shakespeare's "The Tempest", the dead race, Krell, and the fantastic world of machines are reminiscent of the 'Forbidden Planet' and are good reasons. Here and there you can surprise the rest of the movie in just a few minutes, and with the concept of the Disney artists' Krell underground complex. Is it enough to cover the rest of the film's defects? You have to decide for yourself. Rob and Robot have, of course, the idea that a ten-year-old robot should be seen and discussed in every 1950s. He's funny. In places. So, 'Forget the Planet' is a very, very mixed bag for me. This is worth the credit for inspiration at least the entire wave of science-fiction films and television shows called "Star Trek". But I think everyone who thinks that it is more than a well-thought-out comic book explorer is coming back and looking again.
