Perhaps, with the values ​​and ideas of the modern 1950s, the "heavy" aspects of the genre (science - not the fantasy, but the love of ergo nerds) remain imprudent in science fictional planetary rates. Robbi Robot is an example of Morbius's isolated house with contemporary design, with gardens, swimming pools and open space in the latest home appliance. "A housewife dream!" The emergence of the Fruedian psychology id came into the 1950s, although the Morbius terminated it as outdated concept. There is a drama of the Pacific war in the battle of life invisible monsters and saucer. <br /> <br /> The suburban drama offered by the Recalled Planet may seem strikingly fresh. fantastic genre. They are not swashbucklers or heroes, but the sailors of the army cross the galaxy with a soldier's ugliness and honesty. Good guys take a flying table, and aliens have long been unaware of their artistic compositions. Bebe and Louis Barron's "atmospheric tonalities" today are extraordinary. The ideas from Morbius's house are really barefooted with bare cliffs and pink bonsais. The buck in the foreground is just one side of Rogers. There are many things to see. Even though we get fantastic monsters and robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a slow-paced and chatting brain movie. Works at many levels at one time: a tough fantasy, a space adventure, a philosophy against the inside. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all the cosmic negotiations, soldiers wore a golf course. Morbius's fatal discovery is a modest educational facility, a school building. The most interesting character is Altaira, the daughter of Morbius. After seeing a man, he comes astonishingly to the crew. Imagine Christina Aguilera with a home replicator - she is a teenager after her Madonna who uses her every opportunity to make her own space wardrobe and change her suits. Men watching the movie can see her as a pure girl in a minion, but every woman knows that there is nothing like a loyal girl in her dress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for kissing Leut. Unfortunately, he will never know that he is working "as he works" as he suspects, because the Captain breaks it and becomes a more interesting target for his attention. It is a major change in the film. He shocked that his father had compared his dead Doc to the other "luggage" in his opening party, he returned from his father's home and sailed with the earth's sailors. This is a conscientious protest movement that sends the Morbius' Id virtue to the edge, which allegorically destroys its creator, as it had done to Krell thousands of years ago. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell also has teenage daughters ...?
