At Oscar awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Best Supporting Actress Oscars on top of a dissatisfied gift of a Texas oil winner at WRITTEN WIND. <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> Malone, potiones like Marilyn Hadley, 1956, adapted from Robert Wilder's novel, acting as a single rich girl who chose men as men, actually showed three ring-circus. was a representative of the film as a whole to pull the pain of an old childhood lover. Despite the spectacular melodrama of "The Worst Comedy," THE PROMOTION, finally, the work of a man, incredibly talented director Douglas Circus, is an immigrant from Weimar Germany, the Pre-World War 2. <br /> <br /> In the 1960s, Circus made a name for himself by the production of Universal Studios' former soap operas, especially Ross Hunter. MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION, LIFE SUBMITTING AND LIFE OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered to work out of restrictions limiting Sirke Universal's quiet entertainment and to create a more mature "productive" product, so ANGELS in 1957 and the Universal International banner. There are some who say that it does not care for more sophisticated subjects, but it has become more appealing to the artistic sensitivity of those exaggerated dramas. WIND WRITTEN A serial epic soap opera can be considered; such as a rich and spectacular one, perhaps even more rife with human weakness and neurosis as it is described among the very rich that makes it more difficult to watch as an internal alarm in a real life. Robert Stack (normally an unknown actor for many who work) Maloney's brother, Kyle Hadley, with his weak will, offers patriarchal shadows in his shadow. When he knows he can not create a new bride (beautiful leonin Lauren Bacall), Hadley ends up deeply, raising a serious drinking problem with a "secret" weapon that threatens to bomb a man in time. Both of their siblings and siblings, like them, are presented as victims of the past and give them a quality that is less terrifying (and more interesting than Bacall and his family's "good"). The old friend and colleague, An elderly man could not have been a surrogate son and Maloney's undisguised purpose.) Despite the fact that it is a local story, not a story, director Circus describes his audience with the Technicolor cinema at its highest level: in this film every weight is full of saturated colors as seen from a pink Cadillac look like a canvas, a seductive décor of the luxurious Miami Hotel, and its diversity in its diversity. dramatic scenes, slender curved camera angles, shading lighting and intersection, plus drunken, drunken Malone dances in a bedroom have the greatest impact on the stage leading to drowning of record players; the horse goes into extreme stance; The scene is so fluttered that you are experiencing a major episode of drama. What you really look at is a garbage of a very fun type, smoother at Technicolor and polished by a visual genius.
