What a brilliant movie. I will admit that it is very ambitious with the subject. It is a long film in less than half an hour. But these indicators do not have any defects. Cry Freedom is a powerful, moving, and entertaining film in the struggle of the Gypsy activist Steve Biko to condemn South Africa's apartheid horrors, despite the small flaws. It is true that the first part is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People complained about the Woods, where the film was much more than Biko. Although Bico's story is said to be in Woods' perspective, Woods is an important characteristic of Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom looks like a vision. It was a visual feast with show-off cinematography and stunning South African scenery. The opening scenes are particularly bright. George Fenton's music has given a realistic dramatic effect on the stage. From the second half to the scenes were delicate, but in the crowd scenes were mixed and dramatic. The scenario was of exceptional quality, and the scenes of the courtroom with Biko were actually enough to think that it was really good quality products. The first half of the Biko was a key focus, for the South African citizens or Biko's death to constantly feel that they were attacking the police. The second part is a completely emotional blow to Donald Woods, but is compensated for how it was shot, written and written. And there are parts that are really suspenseful. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional, from the smallest of two to two exceptions, and there was no bad performance. Denzel, in one of Washington's most effective appearances, gives Bike a realistic performance, and Kevin Kline shows that he is good, but it is easily forgiven, regardless of the accents. Like the comedy, he dramatically gave a fine performance in line with the game of Washington. And two men chemistry are convincing and never make a note. Penelope Wilton is as beautiful as Donald's wife Wendy, and she's a great actress anyway. Support came out of the show and could have some errors, both of which differed for me. One was Timothy West, who was the captain DeWet. Other was John Thaw, who was a brilliant, charming role as Kruger. <br /> <br /> Leader Richard Attenburton's direction is always at the center of attention and sensitivity. <br /> <br /> Generally, a really nice movie. It is enthusiastic and long-lasting, but it does not hesitate to move strong, strong and moving. Lord Richard Attenbur is worthy of a certain victory and more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
