In some cases, Kriemhild's anger is far superior to Siegfried's death, but also loses the size of this movie. This is one of the first areas, which is quite beautiful. The second half of the original poem resembles one another at a very fast pace, more to the climatic battle scenes; only Elijah is better than you. Lang and Harbou enchanted the Huns. Nibelungenlied's poet compiler did not know a Hun from his right ball, and ultimately more or less compared to the constellations. For example, when the poet came to Hlandland, he described the first case as a massive public (Kriemhildin Rudiger is trying to convince him to marry). Huns are obviously religious; They're not caveman. Their images are hilarious, especially verbal, with two beautiful scenes. The character of Etzel was given more weight. It is even more strange. Everything he does is frustrating his fate in his original song. Lang and Harbou, with the second performance of Verbal, become skilled in the building, especially in the building of the banquet. However, as the nature of this half of the poem, this film has no fine technical advances, except for a brilliant sequence of Nibelungs inside Etzel's room. Something that has to be opposed to me is the end of the war. CLAIMS: Hildebrand is arrested in poetry after Hagen and Gunter. Kriemhild wants Hagen to appear in the camera and put her place in hiding the army. He refuses and shouts to his brother. When Hagen still abandons, she decapitates her. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) hates such a hatred that we are going to kill a great fighter of a woman who, in turn, calls her "the woman of the devil." Etzel, who is weaker in poetry, as if he is here, says something stupid: "Oh me!" We can understand why Hildebrand wants to capture the time and place where they bring them from the tower; The film will be very anticlimactic to keep two deaths in prison. I understand why Hildebrand does not kill Kriemhild: his character has dropped very little; its name is only mentioned once. However, Kriemhild gives food to viewers rather than to condemn Brynhild's death in Iceland's resources to kill himself. The purpose of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger escalates with him, which must be done with pure evil. Here we die just for the love he lost. It is not interesting.
