<br /> <br /> The celebrity party endlessly wants to see it in these parties, but so far, and the press has to be exposed. In fact, the film believed that these exposures were removed from the socialists and there was such a great deal in the newspapers. IMO has more synergy among celebrities and the media, and the type of relationships "you need me, you need me". However, media is more popular than the contrary. In any case, the public column (newspaper page 3) correspondent Konkana Sen Sharma in these permanent parties. It is very popular in public meetings like this founder. She is a good friend of gay Abhijeet and fighting model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). Rooms with air hostess ?? Sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and an actress fighting - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is played by Boman Iran and Atul Kulkarni. The film contains about a dozen verbal provocations and characters, but works on a certain level. The majority of the rich are shown to be rotten for the film, the film has shown the maximum sleazy of hunger maximum for massive divan scenarios, power abuse, media exposure. All this has involved an invisible homosexual conflict with homosexuality, decent story or assassination, common drug use, pedophilia, and police "encounter" deaths. <br /> <br /> All this resembles Pearce's super-husband, a sexually explicit girl in the car, a desire for women, and all the unpleasant diseases. <br /> Konkana Sen Sharma does not play Atul Kulkar almost? unfortunately I regret it. But the supporting player is pretty much the same (Boman Iran is very good). This keeps the movie for me. Mr Bhandarkar suffers more than he can spray or works on celluloid, and makes the movie free for all bash. If so, he has paid attention to one or two aspects of what is happening in the community and has more efficiently investigated them. It abolishes social use, but exploits all the issues that are needed for the film's success. There is an article number within a Bollywood theme party, medicated children dance a perfect choreographic dance for a western era. Hopefully, the next Madhur Bhandarkar challenged the tune of the Indian film's stereotype. The film, of course, is a watchful, daring (obviously defective) effort.
