Madhur Bhandarkar is one of the films that exposed the public pollutant. Film is hammer, but like most Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and extreme pessimistic. This film is full of journalism, about celebrities. The film's lifestyle exposes the lives of catastrophic, savvy, and submissive societies. The party, they do nothing but fame, they plan parties in funerals, focus on more money and higher reputation, do everything they can to expose the media, boldly cast their names to the daily newspaper's publicity, the column known as "3" . They are righteous and hypocritical looking for attention. The film industry is shown as a sleazy with a towel bar which is a common phenomenon among filmmakers. Here is a favorite hero, young social columnist Madhvi Sharma. All these people from the Mumbai elite are dependent on their articles and are the right person for you to be the friend of these parties if you want them to tell you in his article. Then in the film, we learn that even those who are friends of Madhvi will not be different from the people of this high society. <br /> <br /> The film's music is considered moderate. <br /> <br /> Film shooting is very interesting. "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", made up of only songs, are sounded by two melodies King Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. Especially a terrible song "Filmy Films". The film's recordings are very good. The second half is better than the first because it is more material and more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. The place where the film should be applauded. People were asked not to see such crimes with fear, and it was very easy for Conkona to be frustrated with the character of Shanma. The film was extremely excellent and it was especially effective in the last few stages. Part of Atul Kulkarni was very small, but it was fair. Boman Iran is as strong as the newspaper editor. Sandhya Mridul, Madhvi's wife is loved as a roommate Pearl, an old man who is honest enough to marry and confess money. The film ends in a really good way and provides some comfort after incredibly difficult processes. Page 3 is a good movie, interesting and sometimes acting, but its level of interest and overall quality is complicated by exaggerated, over-scattered and negative images of the rich and the celebrities.
