I'm talking about this summary and do not vote! Video distributors are packed as a worm film of this typical 80s, but in fact, the biggest parody of the horror genre is that you can imagine a horror film called "Saddles Blazing" for the hero. Good, bad, stupid, strange, and so forth. I've seen many comedies (usually unimpressed) and I think the comedy director and actors must be the most difficult genre to work - just touching on the right things to work, and some of them are good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - in fact, Zucker / Abrams can easily accommodate "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" teams to embarrass. The best of these is Ed McMahon's role as a John Birch-style right wing cracker. These jokes, non-contradictory, clever and word-play are completely untrustworthy, and everything, including the kitchen snob. This heartbeat is very similar to the "Return to the Future". <br /> <br /> Some people (that is, almost every review) should have been extinguished by the anarchy here, but they died of laughter, and what is one of these films? will lead to the future of the giant situation. B-movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen does not have a straight comedy before, which means he / she has been preparing for a lost time, including any joke he / she can think of. If Mel Brooks did this, critics would label this a comedy, but it was rejected as a chocolate because it was prepared by Cohen. Critical views said this movie was "stupid". Silly? What is a serious comedy? Anyway, I laugh more than I think for this movie. Cohen is the fun of everyone - including a large number of references to the usual brand of low-cost filmmaking; <br /> <br /> Dear Mel Brooks, everyone who loves Jewish humor or watching B-films (especially horror) will love it. this is. Trust me: It's not hard to find a movie, and laughs, as long as you take it - no laughs at public value - then you will really enjoy it! a sidenote: This movie should fall into the history as Bob Sagetin (although short) is actually laughable.
