I do not know why I do not want people other than low-cost discount films, but I love it because I am an admirer of the city's horror. There are not many urban horror films, so when I saw it, the title was just over my head. I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... You will not take a very low-level indie horror movie with a whole story and a good story. Budget budget is low? yes. Can you say that the budget is low? Yes ... but once you started watching the movie, it's not so important that you twist the story. I love the hip-hop music and the noise is great! I did not know what these bad views were for this movie. Everything I hear is the worst movie ever. Have these ignorant people seen every movie there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can one classify a "worst"? A video, not like "Zombiez", but a movie that looks like a movie may not be my SEEN movie, but I can not say it's the worst movie I've ever seen. These people, who make bad reviews of this film, are probably suburban. Film based on minority, urban films, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc. If you do not like, WHY DO YOU WANT THESE ACTIONS? Do not you like these things? Of course, this is a fright film, but this is not just a movie, but a URBAN horror film with a very cultural foundation. I do not like television shows like Dawson Creek or O.C, they SUCK for me. SUCK for me like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "Heart Hearts". I'm a guy from New Jersey, and these shows and movies follow me. Why? Because I can not belong to them. They do not care about me. Only solid thought. Believe me, I will never describe GARDEN GOVERNMENT 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's a post-employment job. Back to this movie now, as far as the above explanation of saint405 is concerned, I do not know that this man's movie was watching, but for me, before the dragonfly's "dumb" was destroyed by everyone. The actor who played Ricky (forgot his name) did a very good job. I'm an actor trying to get a theater at school, and I have to play a game I'm crying, and I'm not easy to be emotionally on the stage, so I'll give it to actors who want to create an emotional scene and put it off. However, I liked this movie and had never heard of these actors and directors, but if you bet, now look at their stuff and bring it to SEQEL! I do not. Jerzee Representin '!
