Welcome to Oakland, where the dead can play, even the DA boys can not stop them. This low-budget, direct-to-video production coincides with the release of the last part of George A. Romero's famous zombie series, the Dead. The ghetto setting and hip-hop soundtrack can appeal to the inner city gore hounds. Ricky (Karl Washington) is working at a medical research facility, where his brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). However, young people who had been expelled from the pastry-chewing dishes would spend their time together in their own home with their friends, Marco and Kev. As you can see, there is not much to do on this side of the bride, with the exception of African-American high school vacations, fighting against drugs, and fighting drugs, including the opponent's Latino gangs. Ricky plans to sell the late parents' homes and take them to Castro Valley, which has a more moderate and potentially safe environment. Unfortunately, before this happened, Jermaine died on the verandah by shooting the driver. The sad Ricky tries to work the last hopeless. She says Scotty's laboratory assistant to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration forms they are testing in rats. When there is a double dose of Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But when you go to the morgue it's funny. The boy was rebuilt as a trapped, rebellious zombie; he was an ambulance driver and spent the night at night; he was bent on revenge and hungry for fresh meat. Nutrition nudity affects more victims and is a battlefield between the East Bay dwellings and the bloody scattered song before the night passes. Horror genre, Ed Wood's Herschel Gordon Lewis's much-larger filmmaker Charles Bond has become more and more cheap film makers. But low budgets do not mean bad movies. Look at Val Lewton's programmers (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Dead of the Isle), Roger Corman's Poe quickies, Romero's Living Dead, and John Carpenter's Halloween Night. The difference between the unforgettable and the terrible is more than talent and enthusiasm with money. Hood Of Living Dead is more entertaining, with extremely high levels of horror worth the last few hundred million dollars. The cheapness is attractive. In fact, in cheap movies, actors wear their own dresses with realistic settings. Here, the tract houses have made fresh dyes in neutral gentle tones, providing a pressure-like temptation like Douglas Sirkin's bourgeois melodrama in the '50s. The lines are more than scratched by scenarios. "What will hell do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any FN that's just what you're looking at". Ricky and Scotty Romero call a former military man. "There's a big disruption to the problem we need to take care of quickly." "There is no problem," she says, shutting her in and holding her arms. Everyone has a weapon, and even when fighting zombies, they are not in their phones, who are not today? The information is substituted by a natural reduction. "What's going on?" "We've got a few madness." "Deja F N 'vu, this Park zombie again ..." Ricky can even remove his torn girlfriend, just saying, "she quit." Unlike most zombie films, this is a reason for mayhem. Jermaine takes revenge on the bangers who hit him, and this hurricane continues. This urbanization film suggests its own social commentary, in fact, the proximity of the partisan production that suggests the future of low-budget horrors, which is, in fact, a real-life rather than a cliché. While waiting for a new movement, the Quiroz brothers, who trade their names, can encourage others to tell stories from personal experience instead of imitating the tired Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz made a cheap but technically acceptable feature about the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson performs, Eduardo Quiroz's music is no easier than Carpenter's Haunting Halloween, and adds hip-hop songs to The Atmosphere by The Darkroom Familia and others. The result is not hopeful if it is not completely exciting. They learn their art and, unlike Lewis and Wud, have seen nothing better, some of them can be watched.
