From the start of the film business, there are almost "race" pictures. For almost theaters in the ghetto, films that are almost entirely black-haired have been developed by poverty racing studios (more non-Caucasian). With the growing urban crisis of the 1970s, this idea revived by the wave of "blaxploitation" pictures for black-colored actors and urban fastening homes covering heroic environments on traditional B-cinema areas. This tendency spreads to horror features, served by blaxploitation versions of monster standards with names such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill. And did not die by the closure of most city theaters? the video slowly dropped slowly and continues with the budget's direct-to-DVD speed. Ed and Jose Quiroz's Living Dead Hood, has recently become popular among horror films for hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland, whose younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) is concerned about the death of his parents. After being driven by drug dealers by a driver from Jermaine, Ricky decides to use an experimental cell renewal formula that works to save teenage life. Apparently, it is not his effort, but Jermaine's body. But the body never gives it to the morgue. Jermaine revives the coronary's van like a meat-hungry zombie. It kills drivers, then goes after a gang killing, spreading zombie infections. When Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) heard about the attack on the robbers, Ricky was arrested only for treating Jermaine and the whole case by him and his assistant Scott (Chris Angelo). However, they soon find that the sediments are spreading very quickly to control them. By simplifying everything, the Quiroz team tries to create a fun horror-like fun without leaving them to the point where everything appears to be evil. On the way, they add a few interesting pieces. First, when you're having a zombie, Scott says Ricky, "Shake your head like the movie!" ?? How to effectively kill the zombie in an effective way. The first hit is to bother the audience, adding an additional twist on the screen until the brain is killing. Another good point is that the soundtrack is limited in sub-Eminem style, which is only broadcast in "creepy" music.
