most of the bad views on this website accuse the Living Dead Hood for one (or more) of the following reasons: (1) a low-budget movie that actually does not operate; 2) It made me laugh, (3) this is something I can do. I will not discuss the first paragraph because it is a very subjective matter whether you want to budget or independently. Nevertheless, I still do not understand people who rent such a film as "Living Dead People" and then I was surprised when Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey were polished and sweet as a romantic comedy. . As for the second point, I really do not see what's wrong with laughter. I really like the movies that I want to laugh and give me, they're comedy or horrifying. When I was in Hammerhead, I saw this girl enter PUDDLE and the shark-man came out to eat, and I just cracked. I thanked Basbug for creating such a stupid scene, and gave me a clean lunch for ten seconds. Honestly, laughs only to me, though many people look at it as a bad thing. If you only want to be sad and afraid while watching a movie, the "Living Dead Hood" and low budget bills are not necessarily for you. But please come and tell them you can find ridiculous. We already know it. Probably because we decided to watch this movie first. But the third point is absolutely confused. A few years ago, people went away from the theaters to see the Blair Witch Project, which is a sophisticated, boring, tricky and immoral film (and it's also a way) than the "Life of the Dead". Moreover, half a million people every day are going to see short movies called "Lonelygirl15" on YouTube, which, of course, can be everything with a cute girlfriend, a room and a webcam! You can not talk about all of the more fun videos you can find there. Why do not people blame these movies for bad behavior and non-existent plot? I think that one of the best things of our time is that anyone with accessible technology and a group of friends can create their own films and share them with people who have similar interests. I feel an impression for people who have just come up with a bad (yet refreshing) garbage dump by visiting the weekend with friends, shopping, or playing video games. Unwind the desire to sound as an intelligent movie critic by attacking your biographies and b-movies and see how much fun the "Living Dead Hood" artists are! If you enjoy the horror movies in the refreshing and enjoyable home, I like the "Zombiez", "Edendale Ghosts", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Looking into the Basement", "The Most Bad Movement Movie", "Redneck Zombies" "Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer" and "Habit".
