When I see the front images for this movie, I remember and really do not think so much. One of these films is almost preview, when its stunning, and when you ride it, you hear nothing and completely miss, and when the memory is completely erroneous. Man On Fire was one of those films. Once I showed interest in renting, I decided to take home with me, my precious Blockbuster rental. I watched it and witnessed such a beautiful movie. Like any other ... drama and action are combined to create something spectacular to each other. Cinematography by Tony Scott is very good and unique, unlike another film. Subtitles can tell you something without listening to realistic voices and is very interesting for music. I went into this movie and came home to buy a home away from home and buy Best Buy. I've watched a few times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) is incredible, being one of those old-fashioned special forces that has no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) returns to life with his love extending from the start to the right. They become fraternity, garden and good friend until part of La Hermandad is abducted by the notorious pirates. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that she will kill the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. Creasy is actually where he can show the person he can be. He uses Pita's kidnapping and Creasy's contacts in the hospital to find one of the men and begins to follow him. My favorite line, in this movie, says Christopher Walken to AFI agent, "Adam is a work of art, everything in the world, Creasy's art is death ... to make his work." Creasy's former partner and friendly plays a very unique role. As a result, after meeting with The Voice's brother, La Hermanand's leader. Creasy organizes a meeting of Pita's trade with herself and Voice's brother. As a result, Creasy dies before being shot and wounds infected and massive blood pressure. This is a very sincere and sad end, but a great one. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable flick. The story is deep, everything is explained from beginning to end, there is nothing in it or in any way.
