The flaws in Mexico are so widespread that I've got phone numbers, and if you're rich, you'll need a good bodyguard to keep you and your kids safe. A few courageous children hire a cleansed bodyguard called Creasy to protect Pita. At first, their relationship is a challenge, but after a while, Creasy is approaching the girl, and both of her parents develop relationships. One day Pita was kidnapped and seriously injured during the Creasy process. When he awakens, he finds that the girl was killed as a false ransom and that she was responsible for finding and bringing the men responsible for the Creator's death on the road. <br/> <br /> <br /> - When watching this movie, come back to some Tylenol because you have to draw a little after watching it. Many films are generally trying to get revenge, but they are not really going too far, because this film does not show how much a person can do for himself. The only problem is the charming visual style that hates the movie or hates Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the cinematographer, because I'm convinced that he is going to shoot a movie, and I'm sure he's all thrilled, but instead he felt that the whole movie should be a filmmaker's DP. Demons seem to own. Unhappy visions were restricted to several motion scenarios, but when we spread through the whole film, we would not have been aware of some problems. Another person who is sorry for this movie, Gregson, who has an inexplicable assignment that does not try to compose music from soft images, Williams. As a rule, Williams wrote a good music for the movie but I'm sure the music would be better if the movie was more stable. Sound is used incorrectly throughout the movie, and it feels as though you are being punished rather than improving the film's experience. Excessive use of the subwoofer can irritate every 5 seconds or you may hear an ungodly low end sound. <br /> <br /> Scott says I know he thinks the audience needs to be bombed by the subwoofer, but he's really out of the movie. <br /> <br /> - Despite being an animal in the film, it is an animal. Little Fanning is doing something else here, and at the end of the movie, it's just a stroke. If the end of the film does not cry to anyone, then it is dead inside. Denzel Washington is a great character because he does not do any action movie with this movie and happily violates his supremacy. At one point in the life of a person who is missing in his life and a tragedy, he finds a purpose in his life, not something new, but Washington brings another heart and feeling to another. I really like emotion learning and theft of a cold tool, and I love it as a single witness. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's spouse, and along with Fanning, I have two reasons why I can not hate it long ago. J.Lo's husband is sad and gets into the movie, but he does not really matter. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken play a minimal role in the film, but they are influenced by it. <br /> <br /> - What makes me laugh is similar to what film makers describe Mexico, a beautiful city at the end of the movie. If you ask me a little late. I hope that Tony Scott's intentional fall into this stage to destroy his career because he can be a talented filmmaker and should do better than that.
