"Take Muppets Manhattan" is different from many other Muppet movies so far. First, it remains the only Muppet movie that is not owned by Disney. Despite the Disney Muppets from 2008, the movie still refers to the 20th century fox (CBS Fox released). Also, this film has a line of non-linearity and is another unexpected event. Of course, from 1979, the original Muppet Movie had more memorable songs than Manhattan. However, a method of "taking Muppets Manhattan" is better than the Muppet Movie, perhaps a striking real-life scenario. In the first film, all the Muppets are actually going to Hollywood, entering the agency office and immediately issuing a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this film, Muppets learn that they really need to work for the success they want, and it is very difficult to do so, especially in the fun of thinking they are thinking from the outset. The Muppets are a small and fabricated message that provides you with an absolutely wondrous place to live or even want to stop the culprit that is not forced to eat. First of all, it is a very good story to fight for, after graduating from college. Let us note that the famous communications cosmos was cool in the film and surprisedly managed to avoid the attention of the Muppets. <br /> <br /> Manhattan's place where I am, I'm sure people will not agree with me, but this is, in the end, with some basic songs. I thought it was a strange thing for a happy event like a wedding song called "She Will Make Me Happy". It sounded like a song played at the funeral. Every time you watch this movie, it is unusual for me to hear this song, especially when the film starts as "Again and Again" and ends happy in this regard. There was a sad number in saying "goodbye", but it was better suited to the movie as the Muppets collapsed and went to see each other. "Take Muppets Manhattan" is generally a good movie, and one of the best films will go to a drum different from other Muppet films, including new ones after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. . Fortunately, the film goes in the same direction. She just wished she had ended up with a better song than a melancholy. Disney now has to disguise the copyright of this movie and have provided the appropriate DVD version. Maybe it will be a day. Let's see.
