It was the third Muppet movie, and the last one, Jim Henson, was prepared before his death in early 1990. The first three films that started with popular characters were filmed and released in theaters before my birth. For the first time, as a child of the mid-90s, I saw the first and second installments of the Muppet Movie and the Big Muppet Caper in the original trilogy, but I did not see that third "The Muppets Take Manhattan" in April 2007 up to It was shortly after I had seen two predecessors and the "Muppet Treasure Island" in 1996 for the first time in many years. For the first time I saw this third Muppet movie, I was not disappointed and about three years later my second appearance was not surprising to me, but, of course, it did not go too far. <Br /> Muppets' scene music, "Manhattan Tones", appears to be a huge hit on their college campus. They graduate from college, they will leave soon, but they will decide to go to Manhattan to get their show at Broadway. After their arrival, they begin to search for a producer, but after many rejections, they finally decide to return to work. Most of them go out of the city, but Kermit remains and he still decides to find the right manufacturer and join the Muppet gang. He starts working at the New York restaurant, which owns Pete. Frog Pete's daughter, Jenny, is now a friendly fashion designer who works as a waitress at her father's restaurant. As Kermit is now trying to strangle with Jenny's help, she does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly been in New York and is now spying on her. She begins to look at Kermit and Jenny together and, as they approach her, are jealous! <br /> <br /> When you see this movie for the second time, it's primarily disappointing. Flew a bit, they did not forget the real, and perhaps the ones around him. In this part of the film, for example, there are some funny bits, such as an animal watching a woman through the audience at the college, but for some time, the movie seemed to me soften compared to the two predecessors. Fortunately, long before this change. The film is entertaining for the majority, "I say great things", Muppets break themselves and many songs that happened after a long time. After embracing Kermit and Jenny, Miss Piggy could be two funniest parts of her excitement, but there were times when I laughed, as she tried to hibernate with other bears such as poor Fozzi. Muppets are still charm and funny antics, which obviously helps to view the film as a simple, but exciting area for all ages. <br /> <br /> There are some weak moments like the Muppet babies sequence, and Juliana Donald's Jenny's performance is unstable, but none of these problems are so important and not enough to break the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I'm saying "Muppet Movie", which started franchising in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and is the most popular idea. The third film is probably the weakest, but all is good. Unlike the Muppets From Space, which has been overwhelmed by Hanson's downfall, the third part of the franchise drama, at least the "Muppets Manhattan," still Muppets! I'm not going to give any details about my thoughts on the Muppets movie I've made in 1999, but I left it at the first sight twenty years later, but nevertheless, when I look it up I was so disappointed, and yet, some objections, I'm not alone. Every single movie theater of the Muppets, made in the life of Henson, is a good entertainment for the whole family, despite the fact that the second and third installments go straight ahead after the quality goes down.
