Sometimes realism can work against the influence of a movie. There is no problem here. Sets of cheese are inside and outside. Smoke hides everywhere half the production. If there is a bar, the painted name in the front window simply says "Wine and Spirits". The result is a collection of claustrophobic scenes. Not a shot of a city or a fake silhouette. About this story of Dublini, Jack Ripper's films, as if they were about smoky, nail Whitechapel. Who wants it in another way? How could a non-working star, minuscule budget and a four-week shooting schedule be another way? The player runs roughly to everyone's part. Sometimes, my God, this is positively angry. Mrs. McPhillips, who blew Frankie after being shot outside the house. Victor McLaglin, however, delivers extreme performance in exactly the right way. The wardrobe seemed to be like Frankenstein's monster, so she filled her with a very small jacket. Everything moves farther than it is intended. When he heads his head, he throws himself on the temple. A big, dark, dark baby, always looks intoxicated. He is not a good man in ordinary sense, but the reward he and his daughter will bring to America is betrayed by the best friend for money. However, every expensive and spectacular gesture removes it from sleep, since it begins to spend 20 kilos, more wild, spirits a night. <br /> <br /> <strong> Mammad Ahmadinejad> Every move that has already been overdone is marked with bright yellow, not just Mickey Mouse music. It did not happen - as if McLaglen was drinking glass, as though it were chickens, young lover, sex boy, gurgling melody. <br /> <br /> No, how is it a whole? History is a product of its era, not an event. So I love it. Yes, symbolism is sometimes calm. McLaglen, the real doll, hangs his head. Smoke. The blind man. But what surprised me is how little has been tested since then. What made us so popular today in 1936 was something different than what most of the programmers saw at the time. If it falls short of time, it is unimportant. The film was courageous, politically and morally poetic. (An animosity leader condemned him because of a scene in a whore). What is the purpose of a filmmaker to overtake her or what is a script? But the story that follows in 2006 is even more disturbing. John Ford has sincerely met with Irish rebels. They kill, but they avoid the necessity of what they see. ("He knows a lot to live, what does he do if he goes to Tans?" I think of Ireland, but I think of Ireland.) The Irish are sentimental and sympathetic. I think the jihadists in the Middle East have not used a similar logic to justify violence.
