More than 20 years before the adaptation of Peter Jackson to the Lord of the Rings, director Ralf Bachchie had this 1978 cartoon film. The ambitious and reasonably loyal version of the story, it was more shocked by the Jackson trilogy. Indeed, most IMDbs (mainly those who first view the new version) appear to have not been annoyed with this version here. However, if he uses a little bit of common sense then the existing technical capabilities will then be understood to be a very good movie. Indeed, this cartoon was originally a book of Tolkien in the early 80's and was a lifelong fanfare of this rich Middle-earth adventure. Thus, according to some sources, I must admit that this film is a film that will forever create my literary taste. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Black Lord of the Middle Soils, is incredible power. After a great battle defeated by Sauro, the ringleader is the owner of a king named Isildur. but rather chooses to keep it foolish instead of destroying it. Throughout the centuries, the ring has passed through the hands of Frodo Baqgins, a hobbit that lives in a peace-loving society known as "Shire." Frodo learns from a magician called Gandalf that his work is actually a century, kept by Sauron all centuries ago, and at the same time his master searches for the restoration of his darkness as a whole. land Frodo enters a dangerous journey to protect the ring with the other three hobbit comrades, but Sauron's ring-wraiths, each step taken by the Black Riders. There are many adventures out there, during which time nine adventurers are formed to lead a ground-ring only if a company can be "unmade"? Mount Doom in the Mordor land. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend, Sam, on the border of Mordor, approaching their terrifying goal. Currently, Gandalf and other members of the company are struggling with the Great Ork army in Helm Deep's legendary castle. <br /> <br /> This version covers over half of the original book. The second part is planned to end the story, but, unfortunately, it has not been completed. Although it feels the last moment, it ends at least at the sensitive point of the story. It should feel a little frustration and, unfortunately, there are no results we can follow these cartoon heroes for their ultimate goals. The animation is made with a nice and unique character, presented in an interesting detail. Leonard Rosenman's music mixes appropriately and comes in line with epic narrative. Sounds are worthy of John Hurt, especially Gollum, like Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who voted for Sam, is not very characteristic, very riding and walking. The Lord of the Rings is an attempt to force him to see the strange book he has put on.
