H.G. Wells had just begun his debut in 1936, and his long-lasting books lasted a long time. He came to the end of his life and came to his senses. At the beginning of the 20th century, he claimed that the world's species, natural biology, evolution on one hand, and Marxism of the market economy led to the victory of weaknesses, is stronger than the simple criteria of the number. The weak humanity was the masses and the minority elites were stronger. He then defended a serious eugenic policy after the elimination of all human beings, weakening or otherwise eliminating them. The first is that non-Caucasians, except Jews who will disappear due to mixed marriages. Then, in Caucasian society, there is a healthy, alcohol-free, mentally handicapped, genetically disabled person, and so on. Not all people are Hitler. HG Wells was not there after the First World War. It was more than ten years. Twenty years after the First World War, he published his "Time Machine," part of the human race, for his means and the cosmological evolution of living things on Earth, making the race "two" types: a working class underground worker and the bourgeoisie will turn into an empty place.The point is that the surfaces of the superficial and vulnerable species were hunted by other types of prey.Wells believed that humanity was in danger and that politicians should stop this development by applying a serious eugenic policy. The Scandinavian countries were the first countries to come out and the last one was the last one where the film offers a vision of a world government in 2036 that this election is not a democratic one but a democratic one, not just a military conquest we did i peace and the government are the same person, or most people, and several council members, and in the future all over the world, all people are Caucasians. Wells was able to imagine that mankind was completely white by 2036. It's incredible. Wells meant some sort of revolt, but that would not have been possible and lived for a short time. Recent sentences are the visions of this white civilization that conquer the whole universe while thinking of the sky and its stars and planets. Do not worry. And it was removed in 1936. Hitler, fascism, Japanese imperialism and Stalinism may have been the most intimidating ever since. But in a well-restored edition, it's important to have this movie because HG Wells needs a full vision. No doubt, we are far from the brave New World of "democratic" social choice or the animal drought of the shepherd proletariat's dictatorial economy or the abortion medieval dictatorship of the Brotherhood in 1984. This vision is as scary as at least three. And I just want to compare Wells with England's science fiction writers. It would be unfair to go now. This shows that in the first three decades of the twentieth century, there has been a great fear of intellectuals in England: fear of the future, fear and fear of some sort of failure. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Coulardeau, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
