I'm a little frustrated with this movie; I read about how wonderful something is, but the real futuristic sequences, Science Age, took a very small portion of the film. <br /> <br /> Therefore, we will not comment on this issue. in the middle, then the "high concept" acts as a melodrama derived from the science-fictional nature and a fairly solid dialogue. Ralph Richardson is a small dictator, sailing over the name of Everytown's "Boss", and has more human life in this section. I liked Richardson's behavior and the delivery of lines by rejecting the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's loyal, trustworthy visitor. <br /> <br /> Each city itself is likely to be responsible for each one. England, or England is at least one British city. It was interesting to completely miss out on any religious side; It seems that "future things" will turn around a conflict of war barbarism and the ultimate goal of a belief in science, but to continue. In the last part there is still a delayed attempt to overcome some of the arguments and tensions related to individual "life", yet still sufficiently dissatisfied. The film does not have great interest in delicate complications; every time going to barnstorming spectacular and opaque, rough morality. And, of course, remember the hedge-betting finale: Raymond Massey lyricals about uncertain things! <br /> <br /> Regarding the film's prediction, I must say that it's not bad that someone can take the details of life correctly. Great concepts are something for them; A war in 1940, possibly perhaps foreseen ... The remaining 30 years, the mind! Nuclear bomber - a super-weapon in 2036 or a contradiction - the type of government in the UK after 1970, "we do not believe in independent states" is a technocratic socialist ... Hmmm, unfortunately, nowhere else due to tears! ;-) No real policy here is a shame; All these surfaces are a very valuable war conflict. In general, the dictatorship - whether it is boneheaded-luddite-fascist, or with all-hand-pumping scientific socialism - this can be a contract, and these outcomes are not discussed ... In 1936, how about Nazism and Communism there was no information - or how they came out - it was a mild glimpse of the fact that the filmmaker does not have the ability to see other issues. <br /> <br /> Most of the previous things should be cut off in my opinion - maybe; Since 1940, only the shortest information would be required, but before the Richardson-Massey division enters, this tendency is so subdued. I loved Margareta Scott more and more; something invisible, as if it were an invisible Mediterranean figure, an insignificant purpose. The character is not investigated or explicitly explained and exploited, except that I do not exclude a scene and its relationship with Boss is not investigated; but then it was in the 1930s and then there was something like disseminating institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is gentle fun in two roles; more than one, the one who does not have another left, prays for war, is explicitly exposed by another Massey character. Massey himself helps a little, plays a little bit of confusion and dark gusto, contrary to Richardson and Scott and Chapman, with very little casting. <br /> Undoubtedly, a very unusual movie made in England in 1936; really one of the few English science fiction films ever to date! His set is fabulous, and is a spectacular display of resources. <br /> <br /> However, the script is, at last, very serious and occasionally on the ground. Although the floor is a scene gear or double increase, the direction is adjusted. The cinematographer and Mr. Richardson are truly saving things; to create a miracle of wonder in technology and to consistently create a deceptive, engaging, jerky performance. There is such a shame as a small matter or a real kinematic concept to all things; <br /> <br /> Powell and Pressburger were the perfect directors to perform such a task. Courageous visual stylists among English managers, "Our Future", as it stands, is worth a visit to Metropolis, an interesting strangeness ... As "Lang" in the words Wells, "Tis" is still something like his astonishing power there is no.
