These early fiction works by Herbert George Wells are a powerful part of Arthur Bliss's music. The author's adaptation from Wells's slightly different job offers a look at the future of humanity, regardless of the periods of "peace". Structurally, after a controversial pair of normalized episodes and the accumulation of war clouds, the script allows the war to occur. There is no disagreement between two families, Cabells and Passworthys; Passworthy looks forward to the "automatic" advancement of culture; Cabell is a suspect, a suspect. Every city - undoubtedly, London - a war with a tank, a magnificent war and a civilization by Bliss. The second part finds people living in ruins that have been the city under the "Boss" played by Bravura by Ralph Richardson, as an admirer of the lovely Margarette Scott, because of the type of dictator specifically affiliated. He is trying to rebuild the old WWI planes, can attack a nearby tribe tribe, to fulfill his small kingdom; a young scientist complains that he always violates the requirements for airplanes - and so on .-- forever; This is a description of Wells's progress against war. The survivors are exposed to a disease called The Wandering Hastiness. The first part of the film is a modern flying machine, tested by Cabell, now part of the wings on the globe, the international coalition of scientists, those who intend to end the war forever. This flight is in line with modernist Boss and his wife, and their involvement is clear; then the Boss sends an airplane to them, scientists come with many airplanes and release the "Peace Gaza" to the ruins of each city. Only Boss is dead, so much fighting against soothing. Later, the film shows that slowly stepping into the cultural mineralization and a magnificent new futuristic city tower. In the third section, the future Kabel is against the morality of future human sciences. Magnificent miracles, if the man has the right to send a moon to them; Cabell champions the need for human progress and horizons to expand. Passworthy and Kabell's daughter are the astronauts sent. Theotocopulos, a religious-minded Lydditz, is a fiery demonstration on a big screen in the City Forum and attacks the "space gun" to shooting a new rocket launcher. Landfill landfill successfully shooting; the funeral and the last Kabel's value and knowledge, which is considered to be the deepest defense of the unwritten mind that is never written. "The whole universe, or nothing!" Says Cabell Passworthy. "What will it be?" Raymond Massey like Cabell, perhaps, gives the biggest screen performance; thoughtful, compassionate and acceptable, a true scholar. Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful as a reptile-rouser who wants to end the Science Act. Playing in Passworthy, Edward Chapman is listening to traditions and fears. This story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Taking into account the notion of humanity, the idea of ​​civilization that rebuilds scientists is convincing and reliable to the observer. It's a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all the trouble. Listen to the dialogue with your favorite person; Within the limits set, it is the drama of a thoughtful person, the future of two possible people - progress or vice versa.
