I was a daughter who saw George Lucas coming out of the world, but I'm a young man with Luke Skywalker and the famous Saga of Darth Vadar, but for 20 years now, I appreciate Lucas and an incredible genius. In a New Hope, Lucas has shown a new way to explain stories as we have presented to bad memories like brave Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and inspired Luke Skywalker, and loved the terrible Darth Vadar, the best of the wicked. Back to Empire Vacations All of us turned out to be able to add a fairy tale to our Special Effects and handle anything that the screen can do without any idea. He did a movie that did not have a definite end or beginning and lowered a cure. Jedi's return is a fit for a Saga that will stop the test. <br /> <br /> Empire Srtikes Back, the young Rouge who came to the Jabba Hut when she ended with the merger of the lovely Rouge Han Solon in Carbonit, and the young Luke, who had found a terrible truth about her father, left us feeling bad. He appeared to have won the day. How did the rebels that we were asking escape from this coup? In the surprising and charming chapter of Lucas, we are struggling to fulfill our duties as Jedi and the rebel warrior after the Battle of Habba's palace from the Jabba palace without bold rescue, after the Battle of Lucius and Vadar. <br /> <br /> Ancient friends, straight-talking Lando Calrissian and her boyfriend Chevbacca reunite for the last battle to end all battles as a new darkness. The dangerous enemy emerged as a form of emperor (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud, how she missed Oscar) is mystery. Even though Darth Vadar.All betrayed the wheel, it was hopeless to turn Lukan into the Dark Side, with black eyes with black eyes, disappointing faces and laughing laughs, really a terrifying addition to the story and undoubtedly the Master of events. His new and improved Death Star leads to disaster for the rebels, but a brave force is carrying out an ultimate hopeless attack to end Empire's rule. Lucas suddenly managed to combine three different stories and act like a spectator. Khan and Lei are watching with excitement as an attempt to diminish the foot of Endor Moon around the pen around Dean Yulduz (really do not believe in the movie). Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers are blocked by legions and provide turns of some sort of tension in Death Star and battles. Lando and other pilots are happy to take over the powerful Imperial Navy and destroy the life and the mark on Deatn Star once and for all. <br /> <br /> We will watch the breath of fire as Emperor attempts to turn Luka into darkness. <br /> <br /> But the most difficult and attractive battles for me are going on within Darth Vadar. ROTJ is a feeling of emotions and feelings. Vadar, Emporer, and the Emperor's loyalty and the father's inclination to Luka. I did not think the mask could ever show emotion, but just as the Emperor returned to Luke, he could not have seen the unhappiness and pain of Vadar on the face of the last. I am convinced that it is a villain for more depth and emotion, especially when a person can be a human being and I think he is so accessible to him. He is against. The lamp is like a Master. Like the losers. <br /> <br /> The final scene of the tragedy is most striking and beautiful in trilogy. So what can I say in the end? George Lucas is a master of Saga. Star Wars, I have never seen the most attractive and attractive Sagas I have ever seen and yet another Saga opponent. Jedi's return is worthy of all the ingredients needed to ensure the Lucas masterpiece. This ends with a great film of action, space, romance, tragedy, payment, joy, converted and memorable characters, beautiful special effects and attractive music, as well as Lucas's pride.
