Brian Yuzna is often confused as a director for his trashy gore-fests, but the truth is that his films are not really bad at all. Re-Animator sequels are not as great as the original, but fear is still worth the worst of the sequels. The Living Dead is the best of three series; and society is far from being a surrealistic frightening strip. This excitement is not actually a work; but Yuzna's eye for horror is perfect and the plot is always exciting and attractive. The fact that a horror film about a dentist did not open until 1996 was really surprising, and almost a major fear for a dentist - a modern tire in the modern world. The dentist is not afraid of me, but it's not surprising; I will be in minority. The plot is followed by Dr. Feinstone, a perfect dentist. There is a wonderful home, a successful career, and a wonderful wife - as many people want as much as they want. When it comes to spouse's relationship with the pool cleaner, her life increases even further, though her life gets worse. And his life is not alone; because the patients who feel the full peak of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to fear of the audience, this movie really does. Nevertheless, the credit should go to the filmmaker to get a full quota from the central issue. Doing a good job does not end with my dentist - a scene has really forced me to cover my eyes! In the film, a standard human is preparing a trick, and with a dentist you have more movies than you always see. Very often an attraction movie can affect the level of an item - and this will not be a prize, the parody in the upper class is well connected to the field. Acting in the B-class is actually quite impressive; Corbin takes a leading role with Bernstein and is doing a good job by convincing the audience that he really is a guy on the outside. I must thank Brian Yuznaya for winning Ken Foree in the movie. The dawn of the dead star does not do enough, and I like to see it in movies. The remainder of the remainder does not make a massive impression, but they do all the work well enough. Generally, the Dentist offers a refreshing change for the ninth slasher film. Gore scenes ask fans of fear, and I will not hesitate to shoot this movie.
