The dentist is really a good tension. And it is quite uncomfortable. Maybe I think the chances of being a psychologist dentist are bigger than running for monsters, vampires, and zombies. That is why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you will probably think about your dentist a few times. It is capable of doing things like that ... You should pray to your spouse. The story is all about this. A respected dentist in Los Angeles throws out when he finds out he is cheating on his boyfriend's pool and boy. (In this way it should be the world's largest profession). Dr. wife After Feinstone, there is only one thing to get revenge. They will no longer be able to pay attention to their patients, and some of them will suffer. When a hot taxpayer, a curious police officer, and a member of a suspected staff are followed, the dentist is not easy to work. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can no longer get it. Now he is not alone with anyone who draws closer to his wife. Written and administered by dentist Brian Yuzna and written by Stuart Gordon. You can get it as a recommendation. These 2 people have already given us some great fear movies (and personal favorites) like Beyond and Re-Animator from the Society. Together with the dentist they once again succeed to bring a more entertaining and very exciting tension. This movie really came in time. Nineteen of us had not brought much of the horror films to this day. I say this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great as a dental gentle contact with hygiene. I remember him primarily as a comedy or drama actor, but he may have a psychotic character. The rest of the pour works well. The woman playing Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Also, it was good to see Ken Foree moving again. My all-time favorite movie, Dawn of the Dead, is played by police in this movie. Yuzna threw him Beyond 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I advise you to skip it), but I'm very glad you can watch it. You will be unhappy ... but I think this is an additional reason. It's been a while since I really was saddened by a movie. This is a great theme for working in this genre, and Yuzna is doing it in a very good way. Very bad this movie was followed by a completely unnecessary next. My humble opinion about dentist ... 8/10
