When I was a teenager, especially when I was a teenager, my best friend was telling me everything about this movie and how surprised she was as a child. Of course, because of the blood that I'm in, I have to go out and find this movie. Now, I can not say anything about losing incredible things, so I just say, in fact, I was forced to enjoy this movie! I know it's not foolish, not the best story, it's not bloody and terrible, but it's what I'm looking for, and Dentist provides scary, blood, sex, and crazy psychopaths. <br /> <br /> Sometimes I only need this fun movie. Alan Feinstone has been plunged into commands and cleanliness. On the anniversary of his engagement, his wife, Brooke, is in contact with dirty pool guys, Matt. In his dental experience, Feinstone's first-ever sick young Jody Saunders have his first dental appointment. Feinstone Jody begins to clean his teeth. Everything goes smoothly until you can imagine that Jody teeth are brown and rotten. Her tooth sting stabbles Jody inside teeth. Jody's mother begins to cry, bleeding is annoying her child. Feinstone, the second patient, sees the April Reign of the beauty queen. In April only Feinstone sedates with nitrogen oxide and fills one of its molars. She feels that Feinstone has become her spouse as she becomes compassionate. He kisses in his teeth and begins to ghost him, then begins to strangle him. April begins to cough and comes out of the gas in half. Feinstone turns out of his transgression and quickly rebuilds the blouse of April. Feinstone decides to finish early and sends his staff and patient home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in his practice. He opens a new Italian opera-themed patient room. He encourages Brooke to try the room's tooth. Then Feinstone puts it on a chair and sedatizes it with nitrogen oxide. Brooke's teeth begin to pull off his teeth with opera music playing in the background. <br /> <br /> He says that, like the silent film of this movie, I had a lot of fun watching the teeth. Surely the best scene I'm sure will never forget when she learns a bad IRS agent in hygiene. Man, I do not think I've cleaned my teeth after watching a dentist. Yes, I'll warn you, this movie is not bloody, but bloody. There are torture scenes of this brutal dent, which will turn the knives, the guns and the madrasas. If I do not want only one good movie made for fans of real fears, I'm drifting on my DVDs and this "teeth" LOL! I'm very ridiculous! <br /> <br /> <strong>
