The main theme in this Dirty Harry is that the revenge is the best cold meal ever. Sandra Locke is cool in this movie, and she is beautiful. Locke is a normal "8", but with a deadly pistol in his bag, he climbs all the way to "crushed", "10" for bad guys. A few years ago, with his younger sister, after being attacked by attacks like Jennifer Spencer, she tried to get the best of her offense. His sister, tho, penetrates through trauma, so memory is never far from his mind. One day, Jennifer S.F. sees one of the attackers on the street; takes a pistol, takes him to a bar, allows him to get it back and then shoots Cadillac alone, when he begins to love, once in the genitals and once in the brain - in the opening scene! You'll love this spunky lady. Her priorities have been adjusted. Now, Jennifer is a professional artisan, and he is already looking at all his modesty. After performing the first perp, Jennifer curiously det Leader. Harry Callahan launches a new crime scene after being found dead in Caddy. Later, she insults women in the street and insults several creepy teenagers who visit her brother's nursing home, and then goes to the "shore" where San Paulo is harassed. When deciding more in the suitcase with more bullets and more effort, our hero remembers the aggression in his head whenever he comes closer to performing the next attacker. As regards the punishment or execution of a brutal criminal, do not worry about his unhappy humanity, we remember the crimes and remember the SUFFER we have brought. These so-called events jen- eer have jawed to strike each of the attackers - once in the genitals and once in the brain. Throughout the film, Jennifer's revenge scenes are in a good place, remembering that 'Dirty Harry throws some gangsters inside a coffee shop,' Continue. Later, he threatens to step aside of a street boy (only insulting Callahan) in a courtyard elevator ... to say "I want your baby." My favorite scene is just a 30-minute action, when Harry criticized the Chief Mage Chief Thrlkis and his granddaughter at the Mark Hopkins Hotel, frightened by a deadly coronary. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) is doing a fine job as guilty Mafia Don, even though he is on the stage, the most convincing way to die. However, Harry's troubles are not over yet! The elevator punk team and the men of Threlkis end up killing Harry in two scenarios, and most of the bad guys die without heartbreaking. Yup, some of the weapons games come out like a seamless screen ... If Clint looks like that, the director may have been tired of the film's shooting day. But there are so many ways you can send a bullet with a bullet. Punk guys die more creative, but both kill them, as well as S.F. Mr. I love my heart. With very severe intentions towards leadership. Callahan sends his bosses to San Paolo to try to learn some background on the "killing of 22-caliber vasectomy", known as Jennifer Spencer's offense, but Harry is, of course, liberals to one of his famous sermons. I love Harry. While our hero San Poloda was concerned about local police and citizens, there would be more crimes, in the same BC, a dark, lazy fisherman and equally terrifying navy business. Then Harry met Jennifer! They are Law and Order, Mutual Payment and so on. They see what they have agreed on. Can it soon cause warm, sweetheart? We only believe. In Real-Man, there are symbols that meet the "Real-Woman" crime drama, and we're going to get acquainted with the Rye Parkins purple bull dye, which is also irritating and entertaining. Raye has set up Jennifer's aggression for the previous "lover" and eventually gets himself. Porto Hingle (Hang Em High in Hang Em High) is a stranger to Callahan's detective job, a 22-hour vasectomy for San Paolo Police Chief, played by a trusted Eastwood employee. Adolescence son was one of the aggressors' networks. Like Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now a comatically competent but guilty of sin. It will not end though. Dick's aggressive lover, Mick, now has a crackdown on a criminals from Vegas becuz Raye, dropped him to Jennifer and called her to San Paolo to prevent further execution. It lies in Mick Raye's home, but his time is completely wrong, and he was arrested before he spent more time with Reyn because he was sent to the island of Eternal Lesboes with a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick has pledged for a long time after he was armed with him for Jennifer. When Harry tried to kill these two, a hopeless pursuit emerged. All in all a good way, with a good gamer, the beautiful Roberta Flack blues song comes out well.
