Don Siegel epitomized super-rigid, super-cool unorthodox, no-nonsense movie-cop with the role of Clint Eastwood eponymous Supervisor "Dirty" Harry Callahan in "Dirty Harry" in 1971. First, the "Magnum Force", first, was forced by many politically offensive people who insulted many critics but who were interested in the audience. The second "The Enforcer" was again grittier and "all were the worst Harry." But this theme really belongs to Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact", which is part of the fourth film, and this is undoubtedly the most strange, nastiest, most fierce and terrible spot of all Harry films, and in my esteemed opinion, br> Warning! PEOPLE ARE INVOLVED! *** In a small city near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy woman (Sondra Locke) is eager to be alone with a man. These mysterious beauty, which men do not know, are the victims of past aggression, those who want bloody revenge. One of the most sophisticated police officers in San Francisco, Director Dirty Harry Callahan, has been stopped again to frustrate her, once again spending her spare time in a small town ... Sudden Impact is the worst Callahan film in many ways. The film is flawless and the graphic is intense. Harry Callahan is worse than ever. If you are not afraid of using 44, Magnum looks at the 'punks' as Magnum is being treated, and revenge killings allow him to get rid of a few offenses because he deserves it. Clint Eastwood is always brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood epitomized the cool and evil assery as Sergio Leone's "Man with No Name" in the Trilogy, and he did it again with Dirty Harry movies. The "immediate impact" gives us the worst Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's real spouse, Sondra Locke, is very well suited to the role of revenge beauty. In 1986, Ted Post played a patriarch of the small town of Pat Hingle, who worked with Eastwood in "Hang High" in the harsh Western West. Additionally, the film is a tragic criminal executed by a woman named Kevin Major Howard (known for the role of Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan), Undoubtedly, the most disgusting and respected film one of the female symbols. Albert Popwell's famous "Do You Feel Lucky", a black man in the "Dirty Harry" and "The Enforcer", is part of Harry's colleagues and friends this time. In general, the "Instant Impact" is the most intense, worst and most fierce movies of "Dirty Harry" (although not entirely fitting in the Dead Pool) and the second favorite after the brilliant 1971 original. Absolutely Callahan admits to fans, and the police recommends all the excitement and kinematics mistakes of all. My rating: 8.5 / 10
