Clint Eastwood would again lead the fourth entry into the 'Dirty Harry' series as Harry Callahan, a tired Detective in the battlefield. Repeated 'Sudden Impact', like other additions, brings its own distinctive style and tone, but if anything, it is likely that the original is more dark and delicate (and a classic line "Continue." But some humor is believed to be believed. The pisses and farts are the head of the meat.Yes, however, an interesting fact is that this entry was a series of series not to be completely erected in San Francisco <br /> <br /> The story is that the attempted assassination of the aggressor Callahan's victim explains the groin and then between the eyes After having some difficulties with the office officials and creating an excitement with some of the criminal lord swords after his blood, he ordered that he be allowed to go, but he came to the conclusion that it was a coincidence that occurred in a coastal city of San Paulo, a murder incident (a bullet in the eye and a bullet) goes to where it goes <br /> <br /> For the fourth time, not all of Eastwood's sufferers were filmed, but after many repetitions, this was, in fact, the parallels for the first time after 'Magnum Force'. This well-stocked area actually gives Eastwood a different angle to work (even when it's completely replaced by something attractive, but with a luridly pest like something completely literal). He connects with emotional sparkling and non-thriller with characteristic features to develop the final frame of morality. The use of images is slickly resistant to the atmosphere in advance. Dark tones, lighting light? a silhouette figure (with Harry's new .44 automag pistols), moving to the stunning predatory road for fishing docks, as the end to the end to some western reconstruction. This is a striking sight creating fear! Hauntingly mix with cold straight and mix with humor whisper. He seemed to be out. It's a big profit dialogue with these films, but I'm not going to be called the First Degree of the Sudden Impact, which provides a very broad range of nutrition exchanges and memorable lending. "You want a legend in your mind." Just do not hear Harry, before breaking himself, a funny quip. When it happens, beating movements are exciting and tough? The only way to go is to flip through the pacing straight passages. Lalo Schfrin ("The Enforcer" with Jerry Fielding's account) came back as a composer, and brought a brilliant, silent scrapbook that went through the go-go, a methodic funky rifle still breathing. He has a good background behind the camera (with Dirty Harry when he works) and some of the perfect tracking scenes of the film, and also has a wide range of film angles with dramatic moments. Like Damascus dinosaur, Callahan still picks up a fist, goes straight out of the glove to perform the job, and probably will show more heart than a young Callahan. Harry's turn to look for justice is always the case with his badge, though he's not always happy with it. I just found a real change in your heart. Sondra Locke, who talked about him, was trapped in a traumatic turn of events, fearlessly bravely, when he was raped by a younger sister. When the anger is released, it is eventually tactical. Paul Drake is as spectacular as the Audrey J. Neenan, as one of the targeted murders. These people are really ugly. Pat Hingle is just as head of the small coastal city. In the smaller parts there are Bradford Dillman and the potential Albert Popwell (consisting of regular, but different characters in 1-4 series). How can you forget 'Dirty Harry'? Yes, he says, at the end of the trademark offer, "bankamatik genocide" I feel lucky, well, or punk? "
