This recent introduction to George Lucas's STAR WARS films is often considered very weak. But this is not to say that it's a completely worthless entry on the array. On the contrary. The first three parts of the film, the first three of the film, are the classic of the first three parts of the film, where Luke and his friends escaped from Jabba's Hutt Palace. Jabba is a really disgusting lobe of swollen meat that speaks in her own language, it only makes a great villain, and is also a memorable thing. It's a nightmare to build a giant puppet, let's give less sparks and give life to the finished product. In fact, something fun in this sequence is the clever use of puppets for various members of the Jabba court, including the intimidating, raging Rankor and the terrible Sarlaac hole monster. <br /> <br /> In the second period things go a little slower, because Luka is home to the Endor planet, the cuddlesome yet lying Ewoks, while he and Leia are in the bloodstream and when we go there. Most of my complaints about the return of CEDON I have shadowed these furry creatures, so they break the saga tone. At the moment, I am not completely satisfied, though, at the moment, it should be supposed that this is a bit extended. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), has a pleasant memories and watches how the Imperial Troops manage technology with simple, natural weapons. <br /> <br /> The time has come to the third movement, though the speed is united again, when the Ewoks war against the unions, Lando and the Rebel Forces begin the offensive against the whole new semifinals of the Empire, Death Star and the final report of Lukas, Darth Vader and Emperor with. The latter connects the film with the arrangement of the Jabba Palace. Mark Hamill, in these areas, creates one more time for Luke Skywalker, stretching his movable sticks and watching it as a fully trained Jedi Knight. Also, as James Earl Jones has dubbed Darth Vader, he is competing with the emperor just like Ian McDiarmid, played with extreme raspy, terrible filth. <br /> <br /> The tension against this trio increases the excitement of this climate, which, accordingly, is burning dark and dangerous. STAR WARS films always set standards for special effects and can easily hold the JEDI predecessors. Cosmic combat battles are as exciting as ever, and chasing a speed bike in the woods is a knockout. Of course, given that this film was made after NEW HOPE and EMPIRE, it is likely that special effects should not be surprising because they are at a higher level of excellence. Acting is a classic STAR WARS recipe; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher develop and deepen all their roles and give Anthony Daniels C-3PO more joyful moments. Frank Oz's Yoda appears only on two scenes, but he does the most. And yes, there's John Williams's music. <br /> <br /> Here's how JEDI returns is a bit in the middle, when the first and third moves are presented in the style, it's a fairly satisfactory finish. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas rescinded the classic STAR WARS, which is described as an additional effect and / or shooting in digital restored (and rebuilt) "Custom Publications". as some improvements are good. Third, it caused the horror of YEDI's fans, who were formerly STAR WARS fans. The Jedi Rocks musical number in Jabba's palace is technically fine, but it does prevent movie streaming. However, we can see the victories in different galaxies in the galaxy (probably not so insulting). This DVD version is still sounds more. We hear more assembly finale scenes (especially Nabouda, Jar Jar Binks sounds like a scream, "Wesa is free!"). And, perhaps, what is the most controversial change? , And Hayden Christensen was respected in the subsequent scenes of Anakin Skywalker. It's probably a terrible job for EPICODE II fans, who are notorious (and unfair), to have the CLONES 'DISTRIBUTION that the fans are going to pay for these publications alone. However, if you look at the STAR WARS saga chronologically (and if you think about it), your chances may be slightly different. <br /> <br /> Lucas would have missed the original version of these three classic films, but she still stands in line with these updates, as her "classic" trilogy and "STAR WARS" as a complete epic (Lucas as they are meant to be technically and aurally conservative. Original films will always be engraved on our memories, but these new incarnations are fun enough to give them a chance.
