Director / star Clint Eastwood's "Instant Impact" is an exciting addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - raw filmmaking and genius combination. Bright and shiny, fragments are brilliant and classic, compelling, sensitive pacing. The first film here has a lot of controversy - the scene "See My Day" tells you that you feel lucky, one of the cunning is dark, like the Scarlet of the first film. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still with the senior officials of the department it is difficult to say yet, but now it is still not difficult. old and outdated. Continuous conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his internal conflict - two things that are always incompatible with respect to the law of respect and respect, the pure soul of justice. This "discrepancy" is the main theme of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "What is the victim's rights?" - Are they better than those who did not commit crimes (on the contrary, the deposit?). The film's answer was controversial and went on to follow Harry's fair mark and subsequent (very unpleasant "Magnum Force") set out to draw a line between pure and heartless vicilance. Dirty Harry is the identity of revenge, like most of Clintin's other roles, defenders of the defenders. However, this film brings him to heart, in which case Jennifer (described by Sondra Locke), who is determined to take revenge on himself and his non-working brother from the aggression, and men (and one woman) Without going to the play-by-play game, I will say that - Sudden Impact reflects the first movie - in fact, a series of references and jokes from the whole series with a small flower (an example of the captain's surname - I believe a deliberate game). Relationships between Callahan and Jennifer are incredible - our angry cop hero has found a soul in this vigilante? And is he a vigilante or victim who stands up for the rights granted to him and his sister? The exchange of these two movies varies from the film to the end, and I personally (as a fan) is a series that I find very moving. Only the last scene suddenly influences the legitimate peak of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect response to the first film's debate. <br /> <br /> This movie, with its legendary film, Harry Callahan, was a light hearted but funny thrilling film. Good at theaters - The audience at Reagan Era Harry and her first was quite interesting, and the president himself often said, "Go and make my day."
