It's not uncommon to see a movie that has some pretty stereotyped scenes (compared to other legacy films) and others 'sub-plot' or supportive story is strikingly provocative and powerful. The sad effect is that Clint Eastwood is one of the cases when Star / Producer / Director is renamed when it's time to hire her when it's best to deal with a dirty / mystery / detective story in her dirty Harry's glory. Give us the "my day" line, and in her first movie, her expression "I feel happy" was the first time, and the latter ended up as hard as the nails. As usual, in the fight against crime, especially when it tries to catch up with a nightmare (inspiration for Pulp Fiction) and a high-class citizen bus, it always goes to another creep with its department. He was not about to 'strike', and this is the last thing he thought. All this does not believe that the main field will go beyond the expectations of stories and lines. But soon his story is merged with the bottom line developed by Eastwood from the start. <br /> <br /> For Sandra Locke's character, let's go to Jennifer Spencer, who soon learns some (relevant) mysterious scenes from her and her shy sister. a cruel, unjust victim of sexual assault (wrong, open harassment) and revenge, secret, revenge. His scenes and stories are one of the most powerful parts of the film, and finally, when it comes to Callahan's story line (when he gets facts in the same small town in which he was murdered), the film finally came to the Eastwood's classic form clearly or badly (though sometimes, to be sure). Eastwood, in a fresh, experimental style, in an experienced way, does not tell much of them flashbacks movies; The Lalo Schifrin brand name is a complete atmosphere in these scenes and others. <br /> <br /> Several times the sensitivity of an art house has turned into a clear storyline of Eastwood's determination. As you can see, there is something that can help keep track of the film. <br /> <br /> If it does not do much for the expected (or unexpected) points, and up to the third move, Callahan does not do much of the ordinary, it's neat ... Wesson ... and blow me. However, with Locke, she comes up with a very good performance (Gauntlet is thinner and tactful in one) and an exciting summit in a fun park. According to Ebermin, this is not a "music video" in Eastwood's style. I know that the simplicity of both is comparable to one another, but scenes that violate Eastwood's shape are superior to any music video. It is cheesy, very tough, it's not parallel to the first two "Harry" pictures, but hey, it might be worse to spend a few hours with the master of the first hour.
