It is difficult to believe that after the "Star Wars: a New Hope", scientific fiction and "The Empire came back" again, "Star Wars," this trilogy is the third and final film, as well as the other two, but it does a really good job. The first part of the film solves the abyss of the previous one, with the first two films being incredible and with a plan of action designed according to their activity. Then what happens in the film union alliance and war. There are many moves on the scenes that the emperor had until the last encounter of the rebellion. When the battle begins, the audience is on the edge of everything that goes up to itself, and this battle is more intense than other films. This summit is closer to activity than any part of the trilogy and is the most striking one for rebellion. It is a rebellious strike crew on the earth (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), an angry battle in space (including Lando), and a new Death Star confrontation between Luke and the Emperor, with Darth Vader, another duel. In fact, the rebels are constantly losing the war to determine the outcome of the war and there is no running. Although Ewoks thought that the stormy stormers were farther away, they did not appear to be invisible because they had more distortion than they had to use a threat to stormers. Fighting against them success. In the end, there is a twist or two, which does not seem astonishing as "Imperial Reversal" but still completes a very beautiful trilogy. With a new hint of "New Hope" and a more sinister tone of the movie "Empire Back to Strikes Back," this film is actually complemented by this great finale and completes them. A special version for "Jedi's Return" would be great to change because it does not have much to do with reality. Fifteen-year technology advances do not seem to be a fifteen-year deterioration of the postponed scene, and there is still a TIE fighter that has disappeared, but it's good outside. There was a tremendous fly-trap-looking appearance that appeared on the tentacles and moving tentacles in the mouth of a dangerous, sarcastic mouth. In addition, the discotheque was replaced by a large Victorian holiday, which was removed from the Jabba Palace and replaced by a small Ewok village, where the original bare end of the original place was the original. it really ends a story as it deserves. It's hard to say the best of three films, but since it's all part of the same story, it's already three trilogies like a big, prominent film. THIRD movie lovers should.
