Vigilante has long been an attraction for the audience, because it creates a sense of fair, fair justice; Good luck for evil, and evil man takes his wilderness. In fact, one of the things that characterizes the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (as played by Clint Eastwood) is also very popular. He carries his badge and works with the law, but in his heart Harry gets acquainted with his own way of justice, and often confronts him with his own leaders, and he is also the persecuted ones. But it attracts viewers; No one is drowned in a kind or bureaucratic nonsense, but happy to see and get out of the red tape - just on the screen. And this satisfaction as seen from justice - and quickly - the Sudden Impact, played by Eastwood and starring in it, is one of the most successful elements. In this one year, the fourth series, when dealing with a murder, Harry meets a neat businessman at the workplace - with the exception of a justice brand, with a parallel individual: someone, of course, does not wear badges. <br /> <br /> With her own intervention, Inspector Callahan ended up with the bad side of the department once, and some leave is allowed. That is what he does; can only be 'Dirty Harry'. In a small city in the north of San Francisco, Harry's own unique M.O. thanks to the murder of a murderer in San Francisco last murder. committed by the person who committed the crime. Note that Harry resists the local police department Jannings (Pat Hingle) and advises him to take great city tactics and methods in another city. But not just a person to be punished, Harry continues the investigation into a beautiful and talented young singer, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry finds a connection between the victims; <br /> <br /> <strong> Economy> Economy> Economy> Economy> Behind the scenes, the original "Dirty Harry". 'The last Harry's proposal has passed seven years ("The Enforcer", 1976), but back to the character with the Eastwood facility facility and renewed power. And it definitely benefits from getting it in the director's chair because he can repeat the essence of the "soul" he successfully does, not only his own character, but also the continuity of the area and the seven-year gap between the 3rd and 4th provinces creating as he drives all the movies, Eastwood is at a deliciously pace that works perfectly for this material and ends with enough tension to keep it interesting and attract it from the start. <br /> <br /> The scenario was written well by Joseph Stinson and this is different from the "Dirty Harry" style; the dialogue is fast and the story itself is most interesting after the original "Dirty Harry" (developed by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) because it succeeds in playing with many personal aspects of the drama. The heroes are well-drawn and convincing and, of course, have given us one of Harry's best pronunciation: "Go, lead my day ..." Harry, Clint Eastwood, perfectly reflects all the elements that make this character so popular: living with the norm of personal morality, this is the day that populated the country and created America. Harry explains that this concept of freedom and justice is more dear, perhaps more, than ever. Regardless of who we are or where we are, we have a part who wants to be Harry, or at least around. 'Dirty Harry' is a symbol of the cinema and it's impossible to imagine anyone; <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is here completely effective in the role of Jennifer Spencer, because Soodra Locke, a young woman, takes revenge, or sees it, "justice." It brings a harsh line that is weakened by its character, with a convincing, introspective approach that goes beyond a typical part of the 'movement' genre. Despite violence, Locke draws her attention to Jennifer and the traumatic events she has brought to this stage of her life. It should be noted that the head of the embassy in the United States, according to the US Department of State, quotes Andy Robinson as having said in a dynamic description of the murderer, 'Dirty Harry' since psychological '. In fact, with a very limited display clock, Drake creates a really disturbed, realistic, convincing and convincing, which has a great impact on the purely visual reaction of the audience. This is the guy that Harry does not expect to care until the end. But also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, his character, Ray Parkins, epitome of "fatherless" life that can be found in any bar in any city. <br /> <br /> Albert Popwell (Horace) is a filmmaker. This movie, Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With the perfect drama and drama of action, "Sudden Impact" implements justice; perfect justice in the perfect world, which is a satisfying experience of cinematography. 9/10.
