When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is an undisputed master and his latest Star Wars movie is very good (and more accurately compared to the original two episodes in the previous two). Sithin Revenge puts this movie in the future in the future. The last battle seems to be more bilateral, with Anakin Skywalker knowing that the Emperor was in the hands of manipulation. And the last fight between Luka and Vader is more painful for Padmee's love and his love for his children. In fact, when new films (especially Episode II) are lower than original films, they are good for just one reason. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill does not do anything exceptional in this film. It really brings about the changes that Luke actually has. In all fairness, I believe he must be a great actor based on these films because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. Besides, he may feel that the Raiders and Blade Runner are doing between the two last parts of Star Wars, because he seems to have grown a little bit. He adds a more comedic (brightly inspired by Raiders) character that works brilliantly. In short Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher was a really good actress, but he does a decent job and, of course, is passive. Ian McDiarmid saw this movie and saw Episode III I can safely say that none of the most successful villains. James Earl Jones is still voting for Vader and is still very good. <br /> The film looks pretty safe to say that it looks better than any Star Wars universe. Previous (two) films, but it was always Lucas' castle, so it is expected. The final battle over Endor is good in terms of overall effects and tension. It was also a pleasant touch that Lucas had decided to make three battles at the same time, and he was added to the general tension of national tension. <br /> <br /> I just felt 9 Ewoks who were dragged down from another movie. These tiny creatures are very boring and hate everywhere. Additionally, while moving a group of Teddy bow and arrows, I think it is a little strange that Storm Defenders may be combined with laser guns and powerful machines. Jedi's return is a very good film, but Richard Marquand's less successful director than Irvin Kershner is that the overall film is less than shiny. And the foolish decision to add George Lucas to the Ewoks in the universe is not the shine of the film. <br /> <br /> 8/10
