A year ago, I was watching TV news when a story about a zombie film shot in my area was spread. Since then, I have paid special attention to this film, called Fido, because it has finished its production and started playing festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido began playing in the local theater. And yesterday, Fido read a newspaper article that did not involve the audience with limited freedom, except for our local theater. In fact, he has left all the other shows at the Paramount Theater, where there are more than 300. Of course, many local people want to see their city in their own cities, or they are amazed at where they travel around zombie makeup. We can tell you that there are so many pictures on the screen, from school to city park, which has not yet seen Fidget, but for any other locals who are considering it. In fact, the Okanagan Valley can look great. There is a beautiful scene in a zombie movie! Fido itself is a very good film. Yes, despite my imperfections, it's better than 20 movies on my local market. Fido is described as the best Lassie episode, where collie has been replaced by an indispensable member. This is a clever base. The film goes even further by playing the cold war paranoid, which is highlighted by the 1950s' fit and led to McCarthyism. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a small town boy, Carrie-Ann Moss, for a zombie maiden who lives a long life, like all married women in the other block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) once opposed the idea that he should kill his "zombie father". Finally, the family earns a zombie named "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly) and makes life alive. Billy Connolly was inspired by casting. Fidon's confusion, longing, hate and devotion only bring her eyes, body pain and strangeness. Connolly shows that he can play better characters than humiliating comedians. <br /> <br /> Follows the traces of the latest zombies like Fido, Shawn's Dead, and Zombie Honeymoon. Someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae draws more movies than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, and I prefer humor in fear. However, I understand the fate of these terrifying fans who feel Fidoda is not a "conscious slaughter". But I am sure that patient audiences will be rewarded with delicate humorous films. <br /> <br /> The third actor of the film is broken. The writers have forgotten the arc of their story if they look like the beautiful landscapes of the zombies who were married in the 1950s. Nevertheless, I appreciate Fido 9 to 10, taking my gratitude for fear comedies and seeing the neighborhood on the screen.
