Yep, you read right, guys. Michael Bay studied this film before filming, shadowing, overgrowing Transformers. "Robot Jox" is better than both, and less than the Transformers group that Megan Fox has spent on his personal trainers. <br /> <br /> Congratulations to Charles and Albert Band's Empire Pictures studio, which was largely destroyed by this small robot ship, primarily for filmmaking, after years of cult cultivating. I remember when we first looked at the VHS during the first 90s, and some of the politics / stereotypes during the Cold War remained at that time (only Composers sitting on a shelf waiting for the release of the film's communism), still a very damnable cool B-Movie movie. <br /> <br /> I also say that for a few days, in the future, large-scale "wars" were considered unlawful in the future and after the genocide. The disputes between nations are placed on a mano-a-mano (or, possibly, machine-o-machine-o should be) on each side, which fights on a large size Shogun Warrior style robot on all sides. Whatever "bot" fights away from the battle, "his" side is winning. Gary Graham (who will play Detective Sykes in the "Alien Nation" television series later), "Axilles", plays the history of the best Robot Jock in the market (best of all children). Axilles was born in 9 robots ("Jock", one of the most fighter-in-the-top fighters) and faced the Confederacy (that is, the Russians) fan at the top of the film. , psychotic Alexander (the worst of the worst bad stereotypes of the worst Russian stereotype after Dolph Lundgren's "Dragon in" Rocky IV "). When the match broke rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last minute and was not ashamed of only Axilles, he was faced with killing many viewers on the market. Acibadem is scheduled to end the war, but Axilles simply wants to spread, to hang his helmet and keep on living. Instead of just spoiling the rules rather than breaking the rules, there are many twists and turns that have scullduggery and other difficulties before the other scenes for Achilles and his fellow "Jox" before encountering two robotic titans. <br /> <br /> I hope this movie is not a science fiction masterpiece because it's not. "Robot Jox" is just an entertaining fun. I'm going to declare that there are less concepts than some of your B-grade fantasy movies and even though budget constraints sometimes hinder you (especially in staggering scenes with a green screen savagely), the best-looking movie to go out to Empire / Tam Moon Pictures. The robot battlefields are very well implemented using old school shifts / modeling techniques and did not create the smallest set of suits and suits. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon definitely draws the stars with this picture. Unfortunately, they did not suffer enough for them (or in the studio), but at least the contract has a cool hexwheel film. Bottom line: If you want to have aurally and visually attack within 2+ hours, lease "Transformers". Until the end, you will feel as if you were watching a video game another. Take a robot, robot robot for a good time instead of Robot Jox.
