Maria Braun (MMB) marriage is to marry a German soldier (Herman Brown) during a fight with a German girl (Maria). Having been married for half a day and night, Herman sends him back to the front. To end, Maria begins working at a bar for American soldiers and gets acquainted with a black soldier. There was a word of death in front of Hermann, and things between him and the American soldier were developing. Herman travels through their bed, and after the American and her encounter, Maria killed America. Herman protested against the crime, remained in prison, and Maria promised to wait. Our country is shouting; a person sees that he has left everything they are doing for cigarettes. There is food shortage. In short, it's time to live the most appropriate way. <br /> <br /> Mainly, this film presents Maria's relationship, which permits itself in this situation, as a metaphor for Germany missing after the war and rebuilding itself. For example, Maria was chatting with a salesman (Fassbinder himself); the buyer is trying to sell a perfect copy of Clemente, and he says, "The clayist quickly quits, does not give enough heat for the cold." The seller responds, "It's another way to look at it right now, probably the right way." He decides to contact Karl: "With me we do not have a relationship, I have a relationship with me. " He is also responsible for the company and after a while gets the company's full trust. Karl says, "We will have to wait for the miracle," he replied, "I refuse to create miracles and then wait for them." According to him, he became "the economic wonder of Mata Hari". <br /> <br /> Fassbinder tried to expose the psychological processes behind social mechanisms in many of his films (see Freud); in other words, showing the camera as false, public mechanisms, movement. Maria's approach is a successful approach to delivering this ideology directly. For example, he corrects Karl's phones and phone calls after he receives the phone, "someone needs me to sleep". As Fassbinder said, "a person's emotions were nothing, and only a feeling we thought we needed for the proper functioning of society members." She also said that her films are contrary. <br /> <br /> I liked the scene when Karl and Maria were visiting the Munich Restaurant (especially when Hitler was frequently visited by him). María's control and Karl, on the other hand, seem like she was wearing María's "terrible honesty" as if she did not fit into the situation. Karl says, "I love my life so I need to talk about myself." Maria answers, "This is not life, but we go out to talk about eating and eating, as we have a contract to enjoy life." This is Fassbinder's relationship, and will never be presented to anyone. Why is the main issue of the majority of films saying, "If there is love in this society, do you say a commodity, a power tool, a weapon?" <br /> <br /> The typical Fassbinder, with scenes with Maria and Betty, goes to expensive costumes after the war - these dresses are largely incorrect. What I think I want to describe here is that you can "feel the worse", "always put on makeup and face the great day of the day". But Fassbinder did not care about perfection. Any mistake in the film could only be corrected in the next project. After filming (about 4 years), this film has many bad scenes because other people smoke. Peter Marthesheimer, who writes most of the screenwriter, recalled Fassbinder's dream of a whole night with Maria and the American in the park. <br /> <br /> Hannah is shining like Shiggle and Maria. In most cases, he simply looks at the camera. Maria's words, "This is a bad time for emotion, but I like it." <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the latter. After Hell's death from Carl Hart, Herman finally appears. (Herman left Australia to go to prison after being released from prison). After the delivery of the essay (after her and Hermana's being abandoned), Maria forgot to forget about the stove gas when she smoked cigarettes and hit her and Herman. For me, he just did it with an accident. At the same time, his dreams were astonished as it really seemed to be in reality. He did not feel that he was not himself. He felt like he was away from him.
