Maria Braun married her and her husband Hermann in the middle of the war. An explosion that broke out in the building led to the explosion, and Hermann and Hermann signed the paper to collect the remains on the street. Perhaps this can cause a heavy metaphor for what is happening in the future: to marry rock, to speak. This is where a husband goes for war, and is in the Russian prison camp, not Maria, hopeless and proud, standing beside the steady debris of the train station, as he came home in a house <br /> <br /> Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodrama As the problem arises, and as one of the best and provocative we see Maria (in this role is an amazingly beautiful Hanna Schygulla). He has two faces: he will stand beside the man, and will stand next to him as he stays with him even after hearing that he is working in the American bar, and even on the one hand he heard Hermann's death. a black GI and his child approaching (naturally, she gets rap for a murder and she can be safe until she appears again) or works for a German businessman (an effective sympathetic Ivan Desny), and sometimes her firm firmly and rising star <br/> <br /> <br /> <strong> It's hard to say that there is something interesting about Maria Maria. Money, sex, power, all this is indispensable for Maria. He looks like a feminist with his own sediment and eats it with a strange smile: he or she has more or less (in fact, the last ten minutes of the movie) when he gets something - he has managed to stay in the place of everyone (for example, like a secretary, as if playing interesting enough) with a person or very weak, Maria is a sexually explicit, confident and self-perpetuating life, a life to be shadowed. He speaks of two men: American soldier, poor old and sick Oswald - loves them and at the same time sends her to Canada after her husband, Hermann, is released from jail. . <br /> <br /> Fassibinder is using this controversy and conflicts with moments when it conflicts with each other. with a story that melodrama should be reminder (for example, Hermann is a reminder of the joy and semi-naked Maria and GI is just a scene of a picnic, a response to Maria's reaction to surprise or guilty, simply to have her happiness there) such weapons as a director of a high-tech technique. But this is not true. It resembles a great metaphor for a country that can not really achieve normalization after the war. Several times Fassbinder sounds in the background of the radio and we see Maria walking around her family home, hustle and see noise walking around her, and the radio is split in Germany, something that is still very uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, it is almost impossible to say that Shugolla is a noble party and under his eyes. This is one of those indicators, which reflects the attractiveness and attractiveness of an old Hollywood star and is facing the low and dirty ethics of street girls. Many say that he eventually sees a scene, and finally moves a dress without thinking, with those super-lustful black lingerie pieces and stars of one of the high heels. It is almost the essence of Maria, and in a beautiful way, in a single sentence, Schumgart corrects a cheerful, but heartfelt lover of praise and surprise. Fassbinder takes the first part of his "trilogy"; I can usually choose Veronica Voss as a masterpiece, and Maria Brown is perhaps a good thing to do with character research.
