'Prague Student', a long-lasting horror drama or more 'autorenfilm' (ie, an author's film). This film is one of the movements of many movements who are trying to gain profit by winning the cinema or simply adapting the literature or the theater to the screen. Fortunately, this story is a good story with moving pictures. Alfred de Musset's poem and Edgar Allen Poe's story draws attention to the subject of doppelgänger. Unfortunately, this film is the most cinematic, double impact exposure by Paul Wegener on the stage twice. Guido Seeber was a special effect wizard for the day, but it is not so good to place or move the camera. The film's researcher, Leon Hunt (published in "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative") has made an interesting analysis using a frame to reinforce double threads: characters left / right, near / far and frontal / symbols and diagonal frames of shooting . Nevertheless, the film is mostly long-term boots that are primarily primitive. Not corrected; Very few scenes of dissection and scenes remain. Not unusual for 1913, but also Atlantis (August Blom, 1913), Twilight of the Woman's Spirit (Evgeny Bauer, 1913) and DW short films Griffith. <br /> <br /> The widespread universal movie lyrics of 1926 will make a great reshaping. In addition, remake Lyduschka has a reason for character, a casual discomfort and the audience being surrogate. As you can see, with an invisible dress, it poured around the gingiva that moves in the vicious circle. I know their world is silent to me, but I think their lips and their deeds will not remain silent to them. So how can Lyduskka prefer the shoulders of others and can not be seen? <br /> However, this is one of the most exciting early films. Wegener, who seems to be the main mind behind this film, will later play the lead role and will make it easier for the German movie maker to launch a supernatural theme in 1920, when he will direct the "Golem". (Note: The first version I've looked at it was almost an hour (not necessarily complete) and it was in bad condition, the faces were bleached, and sometimes it was distributor. From now on, I've seen the Alpha DVD, which is a shortage of images presented in the above-mentioned 41 minutes and less and very different headers , but not visually, although the recurring score is good silent.)
