One of the most important artistic movements in the history of the film was undoubtedly the German expressionism, the style of high atmospheric film developed in Berlin in the 20s. Classical films like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the direct result of this movement, and in the absence of a long life of action, the great effect on the film can be felt today. in the horror genre. One of the main figures of this style is Paul Wegener, director Paul Wegener, experiments related to the film, seven years before the classic was made seven times as the director of the 1920 film "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam". Early prototype of German expressionism was accidental, another fear film: "Der Student von Prague". <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" (Prague Student), Balduin Wegener) is a pupil with the reputation of being the best sword in Prague, but always facing financial difficulties. One day, Margit (Grete Berger) rescues beautiful shores after Balduin, drowning in the lake after falling into his horse. Balduin immediately fell in love with her and wanted to see her again, but soon she had to compete with her richer brother, Graf Von Schwarzenberg, who wanted to marry her. He knows Balduin, who knows that he can not offer much, and wants to be rich, and a magician called Scapinelli (John Gottowt) comes on stage. Scapinelli offers infinite wealth instead of everything he finds in his room. Edgar Allan Pounun's classic legend of "William Wilson" and "Faust" is a mirror reflection of what Scapinelli wants. The story of "Der Student Von Prague" was compiled by one of the first writers, Hanns Heinz Ewers, a writer of fiction literature and script writers, who regarded as reliable as any other literary form. Der Student von Prag, which was created in Germany as a form of art, is actually ready to use a film to capture a complete story of the camera or a series of scenes. Like most of the screenwriters of the time, "Der Student von Prag" still stands out from this style, yet the Ewers scenario is still affected by the theater. "Der Student Von Prague" was the director of Paul Wegener, but in the development of his character (especially in supportive characters), Ewers tried to create an interesting and complex hero in Balduin's face. The second film, Stellan Rye, is the first film of the film, and we know very well that he knows exactly what these two pioneers can do to film. With a great use of the Guido Seeber cinema, two young filmmakers create a strong Gothic atmosphere that German filmmakers predict what they will do in the next decade. Weber will learn many ways to use "Seeber" and "Rabbit" in the "Golem" series. Although Rye and Wegener have very limited resources, they create a beautiful and very convincing visual effect for Baldui's scenes (in contrast, by Wegener). Wegener, who is already an experienced actor in the making of this film, casts great talent and tries to get out of the stagy style of previous filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Paul Wegener as Balduin is very effective and best in the best film. This is, of course, the only thing that his character has developed entirely by the writer, but he can not deny that Wegener is very good as a poor student who has lost a contract. John Gottowt plays hard Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that is characteristic of a glove. The film tells a little about Scapinelli, but Gottowt lets us know that it is a power to frighten us. The rest of the main layout is less fortunate, and Grete Berger is quite average, like Margit counters, and Lothar Körner is the poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, Lyda Salmonova was a very good character and made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg showing Fritz Weidemann's characteristic of Lorner. <br /> <br /> The work done in other countries and its rebuilding (13 years after this film) is above all else, and it is not difficult to understand when the "Der Student von Prague" has stopped. Like other early movies. The main problem of the film is, of course, a very low budget because the movie is shorter than necessary for the full development of Ewers' story. It feels like a missing person, even a few times, or even an incomplete part (of course, it is possible that the existing pressure is not really exhausted). <strong> Der Student Von Prague "is a very interesting early attempt at a complex story of fear and decline in the film, but at that time other filmmakers <br /> <br /> As a direct predecessor of the German independent movement, Der Student von Prague is often difficult to deny the great importance of the history of German cinema in history, it's better than most of the films in that era, with Paul Wegener's career and the German expressionism and "Der Student von Prague" are a must for anyone interested in this language.
