Zatoichi was the first film by The Outlaw (Shintaro Katsu), produced by his own production company, perhaps because it is a little bit of a series, though this is not always the case. Heroes have come up against a mysterious ronin that helps the two cities, rival bosses and the poor, and this support speaks of a tragedy, severity, and a lesson of storytelling, all of which are unlike some of the brands of the sword series of inspiration. It's a fairly predictable area and has a striking trend, but it's also an interesting thing. For example, a beneficial ronin is not an infinite revolutionary character, but an uncertain revolutionary character, which, without really painting a person as an unpleasant or heroic person, Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and damages his actions, . A tough world with one or two visceral moments in the anticipation of the battle is not rousing as much as it could possibly be. Shintaro Katsu, Rentorô Mikuni, and more effective Balyozy Kô Nishimura (later appearing as Katsu's "Snake"), a solid job, turns into a typical bravura performance like Zatoichi, sensitively, as the film's two main bosses Hanzo Trilogy Magobei). There is a good emotional turn as a woman who harms Yuko Hamada. The film has lost its exciting, emotional effect, which can be T, which can be lost in the pacing and a very well-built series sequence, there is at least a bit of compression time jump and the power of the line gets a little lost. Using his elegant abilities, Zatoichi's movements or scenes are well managed by director Satsuo Yamamoto, while others are less interested in gambling and, despite the fact that the movie is really inspired by the live characters, installs live characters or other. Perhaps I had it, had its flaws and was not the best of the series, but it's still a sweet satisfying fun dose, a good story and a cool and quirky cool brand of the Zatoichi brand. The admirer of the series and the acceptable access point are undoubtedly advisable if it is not really.
