Matador is a strange movie. Its main character is your typical hero, played by Julian, Brosnan, and an unusual mix of inequality. Julian is a stunning man living in late midlife crises. After spending 22 years in the cold-blooded murder profession, he has already stressed himself and remained desperate alone. So, after a lunch meeting at the bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he stops and stops dating. Danny, a quintessential beautiful guy, deals with some things in her life, and tells the truth she can use a friend. <br /> <br /> Matanity is approaching an issue that is opposed to anti-Semitism, which is not entirely opposite to the film. </ P> <p style = "text-align: justify; heroine killer (" Assassins "and" Grosse Pointe Blank "are noteworthy), but Matador differs in several key ways: first killing and protection, but really it does not seem to be in any detail, that is, if you have a motion picture film looking for an adrenaline attack, this movie will disappoint you, and second, unlike most anti-heroic films, Matador does not try to give conscience and compensation from the main character. 99.99% of us think that it is horrific to kill us for money, but this unusual approach shows perhaps the real sense of the movie, and we do not want to admit it, though it's quite a long time After all, almost everything can be secular, and Julian's victim deserves to die. who is paying for it? Who knows? Film is never busy with these questions, directing the julain and his stumbling blend to true friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the paper, I would think that people like him should be demolished from society as a cancer, but he had to watch the life you are dealing with in the intense humanity. <br /> <br /> Brosna is good and deeply concerned about getting Julian. He does not wasted full of James Bond's good looks and smooth charm, but adds strange additions to the mix. From mid-sad conversations to strange or ghost expressions and courageous attraction to childish tantrums and hearty hopes to accept. It guesses that he is in his mind and how it will affect those around him. He sometimes works a bit like listening to a piano player and putting an unexpectedly wrong note while playing. Films are not nearly as fleshly as Danny's other key role. <br /> <br /> The film does not really have a great shock or M Night Shyamalan fold, but I could not. and was satisfied with the end. There is no deep philosophical or moral insight and yet many people have felt. And no heart car chases or gun battles did not have pounding and still pacing was well seen and I thought it was no boring. Perhaps the only real message here is that people are in contact with each other and have nothing to do with the spiritual pre-requisites of these needs. Even a killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad guys. A comment about a strange, random world we live in. A good movie; worth seeing.
