Firstly, this is not the only classic because of the first 3D game, even the first shooting. This is one of the first secret games, and only (and definitely the first) is really one of the best claustrophobic games and generally pretty good gaming experience. Today, with the graphs that have a very strange date, play BJ (do not even think * I'll try to write his surname!), American P.O.W. was captured underground shelter. In order to achieve different goals for the six episodes, you fight and fight with tunnels (but we avoid it, the majority are a pretext to give you a weapon, cover the Nazis, and one of them are Nazi leaders). Graphs, as I mentioned earlier, are quite dated and very simple. At least the least detail described by a professional team of creators in any 3D game. If you can do it (and some think that simplicity only raises the impact of the game), then there's a heck of a good shooter / sneak game. The search for the game, the key, the health, and the search for the hidden rooms, the enemies (the Nazis mentioned above and a "patron enemy" per break) are growing in difficulties (naturally grows while moving more in the game), opening the doors. The bonus is counted after being beaten at each level ... how fast it goes (mainly when you lose your parallel time, it's time to pass to a tester to go through the same level); but it's hard to figure out how to find your way, but it's hard to do after many games), how many Nazi gold you collect and how badly you killed? Basically, if you get 100% of any of the above, you will get a bonus, which will help you to achieve a coveted high score. The game allows for two distinctive different ways of playing (mostly, but not always) ... to throw things that you have hidden or everything and everything you see. You can either walk, or stab a gun between your guns ... it works, but it works only when you enter the same room as a gun guard. Many guardians stood upright in the back, that is, you can follow them and stab them ... almost silently. You can pick up at least four guns and two keys in your inventory ... then on weapons. Keys open certain doors. The gates of the game are not locked ... only two types of keys are needed and these buttons are only applied at levels (restart levels, rebuild your weapons, health, score and every chapter of your life). Most of the subsequent games are looking for them. Now, as I have just said, this game is based on collecting extra lives, like most of the epoch (late 80s, 90s) ... personally I think it's totally and completely useless (here's a pity from here for a Next 3D shooter and then I think, at any time, at any time and using a "life" will be rebuilt weapons, health, but in a new chapter then pain levels, * heavy artillery you need). Now I'm going to beat around the bush ... I'll continue with weapons! You started from the previous knife (silent, but effective) and the pistol ... it's nothing special to the two bad guys, but it's a good thing to keep. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a sub-machine gun. Faster and automatic, and some enemies use it. And the last one is nothing but the Gatling weapon! Oh yeah! Consider T2. Think Predator. Think about the disassembly of a large number of weapons to Nazi soldiers. It sounds as fun as it sounds. Even though most of the enemies of the author use it, be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these allies, but ... to find herself (or self) for each player. The sound is perfect ... very precise and realistic. As you hear a machine gun tear, a metal spark that protects you from a door hangs you behind you, or a natsist screams or a warning in Germany is really what you are there, these dark and troubled bunker systems. It turns me into a fine level of design ... You can understand the claustrophobic mood that looks right at the future elevator, when you pass through a large number of corridors. I have a motion sickness more than once (although this can be a little bit of sleep, too much humidity, and something unusual). The details are not very high, but what is great. The remains of victims, guardians and Nazi symbols ... list continues. There is also a little bit in the game ... John Romero, a limited graphic engine, and the crew, of course, put all the blood and caps that can be played. What you say ... it's the first of its kind, and it's not surprising for countless others in 3D shows. Undoubtedly, the splitting of the weapon and the different levels of altitude (stairs, etc.) did not come until the next entry of the gene ... Doom ... and Duke Nukem 3D view only by adding left and right, vertical dimensions) and jump to one third, (the first Quake, probably, the player's players, help me) ... but all of these games, as well as the rest of the genre, owed their existence to this debt. So download Luger, enter the bunker and download B.J. Step your shoes ... it is worth to be known about fifteen years after the first appearance (or even more specifically?). I recommend this to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
