At first glance, this movie looks like the Keifer Sutherland series 24 for the big screen. <br /> <br /> The US is in the focus of attention at The Sentinel, focusing on a plan to condemn the president's overwhelming majority of his time and the abundance of secret service agents. <br /> <br /> But wait, instead of turning the hero, is the character Pete Garrison, a veteran secret service agent, Michael Douglas, who was known for taking the bullet for Reagan in 1981. Will the SS agents, in particular, throw them into a bullet and put a target? But the Garrison is charged with assassination, and at the same time investigating the surface, he has to flee for his life. All this resulted in the failure of the first anecdote (Kim Basinger) in the polygraph test due to the loss of adultery. Tsk. <br /> <br /> Clint Eastwood has shades in the FireBoard. Older actors and elderly elderly people have become heroes with a historical reference and have taken bullets to their posts. Eastwood's film, John Malkovich, has a more mysterious villain, The Sentinel has lost a very strong charge, preferring to divide conspiracy responsibility among many forgotten ex-KGB villains and heading to the Presidential Property. Douglas ran away from the law, and at the same time he was extremely interested in killing an armed man, relying on his clever and removing other interesting agents. Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the 24-year-old women of today, the best television stars and Desperate Housewives, have come back to supporting roles. Like the secret service inspectors who are careful about the hero's conspiracy structure, and sometimes CSIs are leptic to their court-recordable pages. The beautiful couple were X-Files' Fox Mulder and Dana Scully chemistry, but these were just too few here. We know why we are involved in the film, and turn their fans into theaters. Also, Longoria's role could not be shaken from her sexy-mama Gabrielle, and here's her pretty low cut blouses (Sutherland really tells you to cover) and have a tight trousers (ogle-fest for fellow agents). <br /> However, it is still an interesting view of the typical dangers facing each of the world's most highly acclaimed and tense defense details and the dangers of everyday life threats in everyday life. The world's most powerful man. This is a good tension and investigative thriller, which is rich enough to please you. But one thing, though, is that there's a big spacebar to fly jumbo jet through this one, just like the most recent finishing segments.
