Unfortunately, I have not seen so many things yet (I just saw Fuse with bit and piece). The thing I've seen is absolutely intense! I'm Brad Pitt's admirer, but his previous films are not good. But this role is merely a great toy, its character is very early in the normal, creepy, dark strange, but you know normal for this type of hillbilly. And I think Juliette Lewis may be unhappy in terms of performance, but I think it's incredible. Unfortunately, I have not seen the latter yet, but here is good to read other analyzes, but it's disappointing. I have to admit that David Duchovany's (if we were wrongly mistaken about it) apologies a bit, but it was good for him. The character of his wife was better, and the best of the film is not the best, but the avant-Gard / elder sister's portrait. Especially early and Briana will go to the playground and Adele and Carrie are together together once. Now I have watched this scene at least twice and still think that it's just beautiful. Adele speaks of three boys being harassed and how he feels about the reaction of Er and Carri. Everything I think is just perfect. Maybe I can contact a little, but I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> We came to Brad Pitt playing the serial killer, so we will not see it once; I thought he was great. Some of my films with Pitt did not seem to be just average or worth seeing. I do not think anything I've seen in Pitt, or if I do not consider it to be of any other factor. This movie was not one of them. He made a great speech in California. I remember that I'm not something like him, but I do not like it, because he looks good, I must say that in this movie his character is not exactly beautiful or in any way sweet! Pitt is afraid of dark, dark and terrible times. But Adele is happy, funny, beautiful, and even loves. There are some stations that want to reach me through the television and drown it, but that's just me (and Pitt played in the movie). But in this film, he showed me that he was a good Pittin player. playing a character, something that should move well. <br /> <br /> I can say a lot more, but this has not been the case, and I can almost say that I've seen most of the movies with what I keep on Fuse. I'm writing that I'm bandwidth on the DVR Hopefully I can write a further review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie I thought of something and something that was really cool and something that seems to have escaped it (this should not be!)
