OK. I confirm. I'm one of the nerds who have spent a lot of hours watching my favorite DVD player and my science fiction series with my fantastic TV. Star Trek (New Generation) was my first free time and since then has changed my partners. As you can see, all this seems to be my Lexx, Farscape, and the new Battlestar Galactica, in other words, the most recent opera of the field of art. However, I also have a general shock like the old fashioned ones, the cheapest ones, the unfortunate feature artistic feature art show called "Blakes7". Here are budgets smaller than hobbies, special effects are written in Commodore 64, but scripts are sharp and gentle in the dark humor, who cares about those who are serious and sometimes even tremendous. <br /> <br /> Why do they always speak English in space in the future? It's not a future because it's a fantasy for kids. Perhaps it can sometimes be irritating. Being a Norwegian, it's often a nonsense for me that Scandinavian viewers do not give any genre series as science fiction. I never thought it would happen. But in fact, once in my homeland, Norway. <br/> <br /> <br /> When I first heard, I heard it for the first time when I first heard it. so far I have never doubted that it was only in Norway, but I can not actually see it. At that time, they also appeared on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, but a long time ago. Video or DVDs are not surprising, but in an art home theater, it took place in Bergen, a remote town in Oslo, where I live. And then there is another fact about the "Blindpissesser" which does not surprise me - these are written by two Norwegian writers Tor Åge Bringsværd and John Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo introduced the SciFi genre to the Norwegians in the 1970s; published anthologies and referred to an example of fairy tales. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of two writers and has written some great and entertaining novels, masterpieces, some of which are like "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". <br /> <br /> When I finally came to watch this, because it was a weird pants that pointed to three episodes on the VCR because it was also a well-known playwright, "BlindPassenger" in the 1980s, turning it into a DVD they gave it to me. He was a beautiful block. So I sat down and watched with Swedish subtitles, bad sounds and some bugs and mistakes; <br /> <br /> The outer appearance of the Caucasians and planets is better than Blakes7 and the interior of the Marco Polo (space ship) is much better than expected, with the credit at the Caprino studio (the famous Flaklya Grand Prix). Acting is usually a theater, but they work better when playing Ibsen, bring softness and reinforce their role as Bjørn Floberg Trini Lund. The legendary actress presents Henny's belief in a serious and reverberated tone to the line of lines, but it is an ensemble and I am happy that Ola B. Johannesen takes his mustache with noble pride and Marit Østbye <br /> But is this really good? Yes, a very sharp end, the sophisticated criticism of the "modern society" must be siphoned off, but yes, it's not really fantastic, it's cool, cool, nostalgic, and nice. One and a half hour classic Norwegian SciFi.
