Anyone desperately looking for the disadvantage and disadvantage of Disney Studios's latest product comes up with something that can heal your wounds ... One and more bug life is more efficient than taking a scenario with a good scenario < strong> Bambi's magical background and frustrated "hand-made-old-Disney" movie scene on all the latest products you're upset about being infected forever, and "Hey, this is a computer created!" A mistake to avoid all the mistakes he says (1001 Patt for my french french filmmakers)! Show weaknesses, backgrounds, its effectiveness and overall look of the sets, the exciting 3D bird (near the perfect imitation of reality) ... and only technically mentioned. <Br /> The scenario, my friends, has a strong film thickness, some of its thickness! Interestingly and openly thanks to the Lasseter team, there is no music sequence in life. The story is long and rich enough for some kids to appreciate it for 3 or 4 minutes, but most do not like it (the same thing as parents or anime supporters like me). This movie reminded a really old movie called Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: 3 Amigos; there was a story of the same story (all the Mexicans from the fear of a few bad guys were employed to protect them, and finally, actors). It is simple but effective and brilliantly compatible with the colony of dark ants that opposes the anger of angry heroes. <br /> <br /> The microcosm tells insects, lives, fears and hopes in many films, but I think The life of an insect is all in the most comic and well-organized way. The humanisation process has succeeded perfectly well ... And all audiences captured the adventures of Flik's (aka Tilt France). <br /> <br /> Thank you very much for the last 30 seconds for the Lasseter group. .. It's amazing to see all the laughs at the moment when the errors / gamers forget the lines or hit the camera ... <br /> And finally, other greetings, especially the French version for you, is a great synchronization work on this movie who will go to dubbing actors. An erroneous life is a really good fun and I'm going to be part of my videos soon (very little movie privilege and this is not a problem with the storage room :). Go and see, this is a command.
