Pixar has been a great success for many years, with full-length CGI animated films. "The Life of One Life" was the first of all the features we have ever made before the feature-length debut of the feature-length CGI film Toy Story. I remember when I proclaimed this release in late 1990, but I did not see it until November 2006. I've been watching this month twice and three years later, it's the third time. Never did I get the Pixar movie as much as I did, but after three images, it's still better than some of the movies I've seen in DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is the home of an ant colony. These ants are forced to collect food from locusts coming and taking each year. A member of this colony is Fliq, an inventor who has a bad reputation to create a problem with his inventions. For a year, when the colony ends only preparing the yearly offer, Flyn hurts a stone before the locusts come to get it! The Grizzly Leader Hopper decided to give them a second chance to collect and prepare food until the end of the season, but their proposals should be doubled! Flik comes to the royal console of the colony and when he comes back, he finds "warrior beetles" to fight the locust. The future Queen Queen Atta will allow her to go to this mission, because the colony will not worry if it tries to pick up for another offer. The trainer finds a group of people who think they are warriors, but only after getting them on the island of Ant Island and learning to introduce them is actually a circus line, not a warrior! <br /> <br /> The main reason Why would this feature of the second Pixar be completely impressed by me, and may be characters. In my opinion, none of them are really as different as they can be and generally looks a little bland. Fortunately, this is not just a "Tale of Shark", but a very simple and difficult lead. "The Life of a Life" has a fairly basic character, and the audience can be a root. The story is sometimes somewhat bland, but the movie is good enough to keep at least moderate entertainment, and sometimes it's a good excitement. Like some other aspects of the film, humor is not as good as possible, but there are definitely funny moments that cover some of Francis, a ladybug who is wrong for a woman. You can always expect a great animation from Pixar and animation in their efforts is no exception. When it comes to Pixar standards, it can be a little frustrating, but this is a reasonable family fun.
