<br /> <br /> In some of the movies, a Bug's Life was replied to a movie repertoire that said it was too fast, it was "dazed and exhausted" by the visuals and seemed to have never had the story.) First of all, I'm 26 I go to school and have a fiancée. "Probably, I'm nuts and I really do hide it ... but I'm just a Life-Frustrated or tasteless, and I appreciate the craftsmanship and magnificence of the spectacular images until I see it for the second time - The first time I saw this story and thought I was "wowed" by everyone, vision, how can Flick and his road-to-heck-asphalt-good intentions not empathize with life? "Heck" in fact, I do not recall a few) more than yo ... and he also tells me much more about this incredible movie than a beautifully-lit book, of course, this is beautiful (meadow, wood, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with the technology is amazing (you can read their lips!). But this movie is not just a work of art and technology, but just a motion and a bright explosion of color. No, if this story and story were not, the bull's life would be static. But, I'm not saying that! Bug's life has a real heart. Yes, there are so many things that are both wise and visionary, but the story and characters really have a depth on them! Since it is a child's movie, it does not mean that you should turn off your brain at the door of the theater - children are smarter than you think! In addition, I think the PIXAR team has prepared it for their children ... and showed that there is a heart rate. This movie is moving, touching, funny, interesting, and generally delicate. The characteristic development of such an ensemble is unbelievable, not just the main character, but rarely in the animation, and in general, there is a great character in cinema. Each stage has one reason for the fact that each frame is there, and there is no single shot. It is not always exactly what expresses the words exactly, but is a subtle, me, a nation; your film is "not beaten" and it is supposed that the audience is foolish, not the majority. What I can think of is that if you see a Life Life and feel nothing, you never have made a big mistake, did not hurt your friends, fell in love, fell in love, and no one should listen to you. You lie to a person interested in you, you feel like a social mistake, excited about a new idea, you have come up with a great deal of thoughts, thoughts of your thoughts, anxiety and confusion, confession of pressure, standing up for yourself and your loved ones, standing alone against the crowd, feeling like failure they felt like a great success, they felt you had to make a difference in your life in the lives of others ... well, you get the point. Conclusion: A + rating from me; if you want to see it, try to see it in the theater (pan and scan videos will not work for this movie); If you love Toy Story, you probably will love it (PIXAR knows how to do it); If you like it, you will see it several times or you will not always know if you're missing it (here's a great deal of detail and delicacy); and when you really feel less, treat just like a seed, okay?
