In the "Brockedown Palace" directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate their high school vacation in Hawaii, but Bangkok has a lot more fun than Thailand. They changed their plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents how to change their plans. While they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really nice man named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He said he would sell a first-class ticket for three economy tickets in Hong Kong to spend the weekend in Hong Kong, Hong Kong. They accepted the offer and after entering the airport arrested two drug smugglers. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan was trying to show that the audience was wise enough to make good decisions, because a mistake in a situation may change the eternal direction of life. And friendship can not be as much friendship as we can imagine. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that they had changed their lives for eternity. There is no doubt that there is a funny way of showing what we have decided on in the verses of our decision. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about choices we choose because we will not go back and change the choices we make. <br /> <br /> This film is a great setting; mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This movie also has great music; My favorite songs are 'Delirium' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Destroyed by Sarah Bightman' and by Nelly Furtado, 'Party has just begun'. After watching this movie, I went out and got no noise. These young people are simply young and naive and are unable to thoroughly think about their plans, and this film is good for any audience, because of an error that everyone can do. It does not matter whether young or old - all of us are subject to man and mistakes. Although I did not realize that this film was abandoned - who was the drug trafficker? - Of course, I would give this movie two fingers.
