We are all friends. Some of us have more than others, but if you really have one or two people in the closet, you can say that your brother or brother. This is Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale). You can see from the beginning. They finished together and went to parties together and decided to go to Bangkok when they were planning to go to Hawaii. They have been trying to smuggle drug trafficking into a third world country, causing the disaster. The rest of the film is to survive and not lose hope. <br /> <br /> The Brokedown Palace is a very nice movie, it's not great, and I like several issues. to speak. But first I want to talk about the movie well. For beginners, the player is top notch and you can look at two potentials. Denmark and Beckinsale are perfect in their roles. Alice is always hot and her edges look a little rude, but it looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes it can be difficult in a fun situation. Darlene is always a bit on the conservative side and may sometimes be irritating, though, instead of Alice, she was better served by two girls. Bill Pullman is just like an American lawyer living in Thailand. The film also draws very good pictures. Shawshank or Natural Murderer or Return to Paradice is not the same as inside the prison, but it shows the desperate (but not very much) despair of the situation. The direction of Johnathin Kaplan is also very good. We see two daughters struggling to do this everyday, but their souls are extinguished every day. The Brokedown Palace shows how to talk about friendship and how to survive perfectly. Another thing to comment is for the movie. Enhances the mood of the film with excellence and highlights it. The trailer you hear on the trailer is played in the movie and you feel the situation of women in this prison when playing. You can feel how they feel, how they go out, and how they can turn to simple things in life. She also looks at yourself and realizes that we are lucky enough to live in a community we do. Compared to some countries, music is a perfect catalyst for thinking about it. Some music is done by a group called Deliryum, but Sara McLaughlin (misrepresentation, but how do you write his last name?), Words and sounds are amazing and scary and I invite you to add a lot of stuff. <br /> <br /> Those who did not like me about the movie were the folly of the girls. I will not be able to say what they are doing, but when you see it for yourself, you'll know what I'm talking about. And I did not feel that the prison inside them was bad. This is like a minimum security prison and may be that, when similar situations arise in other films that concern people who spend time in foreign countries, prison scenes are always cruel and sadistic. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie, and really, how much would you spend on a friend? It's a really challenging question to ask. Maybe we can not honestly answer until someone is put in the same situation. Let's hope that this never drops.
