Flynn is basically his swashbuckling roles (and his bed antics!) It's a different tack with this movie and works fine. Real-Life Boxing Champion Jim Corbett plays Flynn, while Flynn is on his way to a famous chess player from the bandwriting San Francisco bankruptcy, while Flynn's charm becomes a complete explosion. She is the best paw Carson involved in an illegal barefoot battle and has been detained by many people (and dog!), Including a prominent judge. The next day, he gets a chance to get to the referee's private club through Smith. He uses the opportunity to enter the good excursions of his exclusive members and to get the club to a place like a resident boxer. The unusual skill in the sport now accepts all the incoming and outs of all world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.). Flynn is clearly magical here. She is appealing to this attraction, herd, and this role. She is deliciously delivering her line to a hanging scene, beautiful appearance and virtually the entire stuntwork (impressive!) With a moused of white hairstyles and white uniforms, and she is reliably and sympathetic and at the same time duplicated and literally. Smith squeezes class and taste from every eye and is a good match for Flynn. At this stage, he had to betray a woman who was able to stand up for her advances and glory (which had been subjected to legal aggression), and it was astonishing. It is pushing with freshness and cavalry attitude, but it can be difficult to help, but its magic spell can be faded. Bond is pretty dark, brown and strong, but the scenario is tender when you call it. Curious support is provided by a young and advantageous Carson. Frawley is just like Flynn's manager, who is dependent on himself. The remainder also covers a variety of Flynn's defective family and spider Nob Hill species. The whole thing is beautifully assigned and safely directed. Many sets are strangely presented. Some of Smitin's clothes are desperate, but she is very well fitted with hair straight. The championship boxing is a horrible idea in the early days, but it's a lot more. Some (like character traits shown by Flynn) are either extensively or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many are original (such as methods and suits shown in combat fields). One line is particularly memorable: "I believe you want me more than you, but it is absolutely possible that I love you more than you love." This is a classic romantic dialogue (and a few zinger scattered throughout the scenario).
