James J. Corbett's biography "The Crowd of Roar" is the starting point for this lively and memorable fictional biography. The author was superior to John L. Sullivan, the world's strongest champion in the early part of the century. The narrative describes Corbett as a brilliant and intelligent young person when conceived of the world of boxing and social treachery, merely as the son of Irish immigrants, and nobody confused everything. To prove his mistakes, he took him to an exciting and often entertaining screen for a few hours. When the film is opened, it is a bank wire, but in some way it invites you to a sports club for a good job. He is in love with a beautiful, but ungrateful girl, who always seems controversial, and lives at home with a ghost tribe, called Corbetts, which often appears to be the one to fight with others. When he defeats the club's best and a professional fighter to embarrass him, he finally decides to be famous for fighting. with his wife, goes on the road, acts as a guide and a trainer, and, despite some minor offenses, all his rivals win and draw attention. When he came home to watch his daughter, Boston Strongboy condemned the hero, John L. Sullivan, into bars and "lick any man in the world." I do not believe in a fight against Sallivan, but Corbett denies the power of the angry Sullivan by jumping out of the dance, with the name of "Gentleman Jim", with his legendary behavior and patrician appearance. The best scene in the film is probably to congratulate the beaten Sullivan Corbet. The new champion has been rising so far, and says a few years before it can be different from Sullivan, and does not show him anything other than admiration and respect. She takes her daughter after her two speeches, but at the end of the movie, when she visits her parents, the manager can tell the world, "The Corbetts are again at it." Movies do not have an attractive and entertaining style. Written by Scenario Corbett novelist Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence. Sidney Hickox made cinematography by art decoration by Clarence Steensen and by Ted Smith. Heinz made Roemheld's music and Milo Anderson's dresses. The movie was directed by Raoul Walsh, a motion picture expert. Flynn liked to work with Walsh, but he did not care for most of the other director Michael Curtis. Among the cast was Ward Bond, John L. Sullivan, one of her best speeches, Alexis Smith is a little tidy, but very well as the girl likes Corbett and is a very smart, young man like Corbett like Errol Flynn - said that Jack Carson's manager Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki for unpleasant surveillance. It's hard to say enough about logic and light heartedness that creates the creators of this movie; one of the most enjoyable sports biographies and one of my happiest standards.
