As you know, the theme here was to call ten direct from around the world to make every short film for 11 minutes, 9 seconds and a frame. We are here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): Can Afghan refugee children understand the collapsed towers? Yes, nothing. Great Lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): A weak structure with a great cinema ... Imagine a deaf woman living by the WTC, who sees only the dog barks. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The greatest oriental filmmaker has compassion ... For everyone: for a soldier who died ten years ago, for people in the Wtc, as well as for a Palestinian suicide bomber. Perhaps less tender film against us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): good images, travels with us, I'm sure ... It's not a very good organization. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): An interesting and funny story about five boys who wanted to capture Osama Bin Laden, one of the poorest countries in the world ... They could do that, but they do not believe when they say what they know. Ken Loach (UK): On September 11, 1973, Chile entered into bloody dictatorship for more than twenty years. Thousands of deaths, torture: all offered by Henri Kissinger and the CIA by Chile, and long before you know these changes! In my opinion, as soon as the American film distribution company does not accept us to release the movie in the movie theaters! Loach also forgot that the year 1973 was the year when WTC was founded! - Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico): We all know very well the drawings and many black screen. I did not get it much, more than a movie, a video (show at the show). - Amos Gitai (Israel): A police bureau, journalists, and others around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very good work done. - Mira Nair (India): About the anti-Islamic feelings that came after September 11th. Very good truth. - Sean Penn (us): A funny little story reminiscent of a forgotten truth, the WTC had a great shade, and in some places there was no day. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): A different one. Here is not a word about the WTC and the action occurs at the end of the Second World War. There is only one message: no war is sacred. This short film gives a deep feeling, but the filmmaker would do well for more than 11 minutes. --- No --- A great movie, a great attempt to get the world's temperature. I love her.
