Tarantino drew attention to a melodrama in the 1930s as the movie "Backstreet" as "another tragedy." At the same time, because Tarantino - Sidney Lumet's best work in the years, melodrama, is characterized by an extremely worrying nature, not just for the shooting. Kelly Masterson does not have a script here (basically, by the end of a series of climatic events he has just worked, he breaks through the killer, and even if it is important to stop the kufr there), he sends the character before the field and defeats these people in an event surrounded by a person It is important to know that you are defeated. <br /> <br /> Lumet did not know how to manage a non-linear scenario of today, because he was as dark as hell, as a devil-bewildering, from the beginning to the characteristic characteristic of the agenda, and often the " pop "jewelry shop, but because of the giant casting (I can add that it is Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their financial f *** - up and look like an old foolish heist of the former: Westchester loot his mother and father's jewelry store. Falcon Hank is another shady character, although fangs occur and suddenly become a tragedy in Greece, affecting brothers and fathers who have been played by Albert Finney. Like Dogs Day, most actors love people who are incapable of their love, who are bone-fed but who want to make love and / or things that are impossible to fulfill. <br /> <br /> Even though Hoffman and Hawke are in perfect harmony in this case; Hoffman has had a very quiet and sometimes shocking behavior that has revealed him as it did in the brain in the last ten minutes, but then decomposed into smaller emotions (ie with Finney or Tomei's car scene). talents for restrictions; Meanwhile, Hawke is unable to pay any debt, lost by her ex-spouse and daughter, and is called to a baby by her father and fills her account with all the ways of the article. he is not as imperfect as his brother, but who wants to choose a straw for this name? And as Finney points out, Finney looks at a child game in its smallest little game (the final scenes with it are a terrible tragedy, and a fear of the second half appears). <br /> <br /> The small, dear and horrific twice Marisa Tomei, Bug's Michael Shannon's outdated white bucket and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Beare and Rosemary Harris short, full impressions, a great deal of skill and a heart with a heart, but not a forgiving heart - not a fictional plot, but a recurring story to clarify each step of a family's steady downward spiral. It's close as anything from Lumet if it's not mindful of Serpico or Network or Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men.
