I'm starting to see a very consistent example of the films in 2007. 2004 was the year of biographies and was a year of political films in 2005, making extensive morality stories, some of which describe, test, challenge and question the morality and human morality of the population in 2007. Though this classification is very wide, I think that this year there are 3:10 Yuma, East Promises, American Gangster, No Country for the Elderly, and a number of films that explore and study human morality and human morality. Motivates us to acts of violence or betrayal. Before you know that Satan has killed you, immorality is an elegant morality and a very dark, pitiful, and exciting thing. And it is even better that this is one of the greatest classic filmmakers in our time, and most loyal leader, Sidney Lumet, comes back with this strange rich terrorist. <br /> <br /> One of these films, which is very thick, is something that he does not want to give details. This is the best film if it were to enter the event without any advance knowledge, as with folds and turns. But a thick and very rich structure is not in the center of this film; In fact, as I have mentioned, the moral tale; these motifs leading the two men to the actions they make in the movie. In a field established as a cohesion between the Coen Brothers film (ie Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino's filmography, we see two manages in different shady conditions to avoid a fairly simple, incredible, ridiculous misconception. and interacts with the inevitable tragedy. To make the film even more interesting, it is explained in a chronological episode, which is always followed and ends with a sequence of events that are always followed and always last. <br /> <br /> But the film has suffered much more, but it's just an unpleasant thing. and a pretty scanty plot. First of all, the picture looks and feels very good. Throughout his career, Sidney Lumet has created an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: natural and still stylish. It has a different atmosphere of film, style and classroom, and it looks really nice with beautiful natural lighting. Editing top notch; combining the drama-tension aspect with a long time, takes the time to describe the actions properly. And bright, dynamic camera angles and movements are further added to the style. The film is also supported by Carter Burwell's fantastically fragrant music account. <br /> <br /> The scenario is part of her own and, of course, Lumet plays its role, but there are three great actors who are incredibly imaginative in the dramatic center of the film. First of all, there are two reasons. The pioneering of the pack is always Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent player, but stumbled upon the status of a new leading person after his unnaturally fantastic Oscar winning performance at Capote. In this film it is interesting to know: serious, broken, manic. Hoffman has a really strenuous scene in the film that lets her come out of her dramatic anger, not just subtle and clever. Ethan Hawke, who is almost always on his side, delivered some fantastic performances in many shadows. Here Hoffmann is compressing and completing it incredibly; dynamic movements between the two are quite fantastic and convincing, the audience loses characters in a very short time and does not forget the actors watch. And then there is Albert Finney. The role of a neat, rich assistant like him requires a veteran professional, and Finney gives the best performance to two brothers who have been murdered as a tragically devious father. I love how the dynamics are played between them. I love Hoffman, my beloved brother, and even his middle-aged men are shamelessly choosing his younger brother; Nevertheless, Finney's father clarifies how Hawken will help his smaller, weaker brother. And in casting, supporting the heroine of two women? brothers' sisters? <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. There are fantastic performances by Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei. These themes and this style have already been investigated by the love of The Coen Brothers, and those who manage this movie are easy to imagine. But for a movie that's getting to the familiar place, it's just great. Lumet implements his great leadership ability and introduces Masterson's unique, exquisite mockery and style for the first time, with a bright, vibrant, tense and morbid-looking scenario. Lead outputs are incredibly powerful and the film has fantastic shifts from Hoffman, Hawke and Finneyd; The really great miracle of the film, the last sign of retirement in the movie, is just three years after winning Oscar for many years, and Sidney Lumet is still a solid film reminiscent of a really beautiful, resonant, golden age.
