Sidney Lumet has for 20 years been missing a box office and is still a 83-year-old, loud, loud, loud, sting-era setback in New York's old sealed spot. (How about your insurance, let alone the budget after all these flops, secret). <br /> <br /> The two brothers are misunderstood to rob a suburban jewelry store with material problems. their elderly parents. Only the victim will be the insurance company. Robbery continues, and two men die. Most of the film is about the results. Although the action is not non-linear and it appears in different points of the main character, it is not difficult to follow. What is not easy to work with? How did the brothers get involved in this kind of confusion? Is there a statement? a small family is a favorite of his ancestors, and his brother carries a lot of luggage on his relationship with his father and, on the contrary, believes that it is difficult for him to be a conspirator who kills heroine <br /> <br /> His elder brother Philip Seymour Ethan Hawke is also a defective, inadequate younger brother, as Hoffman preferred for the film. Albert Finney is thinking of being in an angry state as his ancestors do, but the script calls for it. Marisa Tomei puts the most sexy performance I've seen in many years as a 42-year-old husband's betrayal. <br /> <br /> I do not know this movie for the first time by screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that Lumet is great. The 70th film "Dog Day Afternoon" actually stands? It's ridiculous to be wrong. Lumet is only about the end of the many old-time artistic directors who are capable of directing them to something that is at their great speed. Some major films, as well as some classic Indian hybrids, have been produced in this way. Is it any classic of any kind? this is a well-prepared low entertainment fun piece. Perhaps you feel happy about being so poor that you are not a member of a family, but you still wonder how you are headed out. We know parents are happy, but we see that the mother is very small and we have little to say about her relationship with boys. (There is also a girl who does not seem to be rich). Like Tolstoy, we say "every unhappy family is in an unhappy state."
