French film directors are amazed by their unusual ability to simulate the scenes and sounds of everyday, daily suburban life. At the beginning of 2002, when L'Emploi du temps (Time Out) was dismissed from a job, it was easy to find an elegant character of the invasion of a white relative. As well as the French film artists, many scenes are shot in real streets and public places, while the story is a cinema vertebra but the L'Emploi du temps has an elegant look, especially thanks to the perfect camera work and some stunning earth views (especially the Swiss mountain tops). It's just another powerful French product that flies quite well in this masterpiece, Jacques Audiard's strange crime training, Sur Mes Levres (read My Lips). In fact, this film is not a substitute for a criminal offender, because it's more than that. As in the case of French liberation, it is a sensitive character of research, using ideas to advance in a society that uses the ideas of marginalized people. <br /> <br /> A Paris-based construction company, Carla, sits in a shy, small, young woman's office, squeezed into one of the offices of the office, which is a major road to xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Obnoxious employees are using the foreground to talk to Carla's desk and release half-finished Styrofoam coffee cups. Partially deaf, Carla, turns hearing aids into anywhere if noisy photos or spittle of a baby's cries can cause anxiety. Carla is afraid she may lose her job when her boss searches for an office to offer him a helper assistant to help him with his workload. In the employer's office, Carla asked for her personal assistant (preferably men) as she was in the personality agency. She should be 25 years old and have a clean computer, with extensive computer and information skills. Carla is also interested in shock when the organization sends an unhealthy, dangerous-looking young man. They leave the office and eat at a local meal where Carla meets with a prospective assistant. When he realized that he had just left the prison, Carla had nothing to do with Paul, but he had a heart attack and hired him. Although he is kind to his assistant, Carla is now in power and has a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a skilled worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live when he tells her to spend one day in the office when she is in charge of Pavel's appointment. At one of their lunch breaks, Carla revealed Paul's ability to hear the lips and read the lips. Later, when Carla, a kindhearted employee, overcame a project, an angry Carla sought help from Paul for revenge. Here, Sur Mes Levres has become increasingly popular in a dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic scene in recent years. In the scenario, elements from Hitchcock are bound, especially when Carla's lip reading capability is full of a pair of binoculars REAR WINDOW. There are attractive attraction approaches between the two heroes of the North East, with a very strange respect, but only because of the severe sexual heat, which is slowly established between the two stars. What goes away from this film is not like the classic Hitchcock excitement, though these elements are definitely a spread of a modern city of Paris, in which case life continues. gamut from everyday work until a luxurious, ugly nightlife leaked to the lives of several characters, sex, drugs and money. In contrast to Hollywood production, it is a psychological regression that appears to be a common hurt in the face or in the groin, and where the office is a place to be feared, as seen by people as their daily spouse and woman. Hitchcock, with gloves.
