"The Blob" is known not only for the 27-year-old Steve McQueen's launch in the superstardom, but also for the use of the popular theme of alien occupation and teenage infringement in the 1950s, as a kult exploration film. . It's noteworthy that at Kai Linaker & Theodore Simonson, no human ever referred to the earth's amorphous, red-red protoplasm in the meteorite earth and drives everyone in the small town of Downingtown on Friday night as The Blob. Stik McQueen, producer Dick Powell won the role of the former West bounty hunter Josh Randall after seeing the Paramount Pictures release. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girl Aneta Corsaut came to the top of Andy Griffith's "The Andy Griffith Show" as a schoolteacher's lover Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but then rarely play the actual teenage teens. Director Irvin S. Yeavorth, Jr., directed by The Blob. Linaker and Simonson's scenario synthesis of four genres: first, alien invasion; second, teenage assassination; third, murder secret and fourth; a terrible plague. In addition, gelatinous substances remain largely anonymous while accepting different forms. In other words, eponymous Jell-O speaks neither speaks nor speaks. Instead, it does not matter to anyone and does not discriminate. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" is a film about the "nature of nature" with a heroic hero and a remote village with fear and tension with kissing. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a huge meteor shower on the earth and set out to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds a meteor and drives him to a stick. The meteor reaches a bar and weakly smashes the bar. When the old timer ("The Paleface" in Olin Howland) looks closer, the ram sets himself in his hands. An old man screams from the crater, and Steve almost shoots his jalopee. Steve and Jane took the man and took him to town to see Dr Hallen. <br /> <br /> Hellen wants to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old boy to office. Because Hallen needs to be amputated, phones to return to nurse. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like a human being's wrist. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what's going on. Our heroes are made up of a group of young people who are driving Steve quickly. Steve drives him to an uphill race, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) separates him from the hinges. Steve and adolescents enter the site of meteorite crater and find the hot residues of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and returning to the dog, Steve and Jane returned to the Dr. Hallen office, and the young men went to a night-time film. In the temporal period, Blob swallowed entirely the old brown, Hallen killed his nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither the protoplasmic acid nor the Hallen pneumatic rifle have any effect on it. Steve takes a look at the blob that absorbs Hallen. When Steve and Jane went to the police station to tell the story, Dave was incredibly incredible, and Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thought it was a game. <br /> <br /> They are taking Steve and Jane Hallen's office but can not find anyone's hair and hair, but Dave admits that: the office is divorced. Sgt. According to Bert's advice, Dave turns a teenager into his parents. Steve and Jane never thought that they believed their people were asleep in bed. They go to the city and put an old man's dog away on a supermarket. When they go to get the gum, Steve stops and opens the grocery's electric eye gate. They do not find anyone inside, but they go against it. Steve and Jane take refuge in the freezer, and the block does not attack them. Then, after escaping, Steve encouraged the young men who protested in the street race to warn the authorities about the need to have a home in the bedroom. Police Chief's Department of Deli and Firefighting came to the supermarket. Steve is trying to convince Dave that he's in the store. Since then he has been killing theater projection and attacking filmmakers. Suddenly a public army comes out of the theater and believes in Dave Steve. Steve and Jane wind against a lunch counter that attacked the bean. Heroes and heroes were dumped in the basement, and Steve discovered that the content of ice cream caused the withdrawal of the fire extinguisher. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect each firefighter in the city and block it. The Pentagon block sends a group to move it to the North Pole. When the blob's remains are dragged towards the polar ice pack, the final credit appears with an exciting giant question mark. <br /> <br /> Manufacturer James B. Harris has acquired a military paratroop and a Globe Master military transport aircraft that holds his burden. <br /> <br /> The Blob hit the drive and added Steve McQueen's stardom film. Unfortunately, this little horror movie is no threat, but Yeaworth and his screenwriters make enough paranoid and sympathetic to our heroes. They actually do not actually assimilate the victim and leave it to the imagination, so "The Blob" is not without the subtle modicum.
