First, I had looked at a Sicilian TV channel that had been a few years ago; It is strange that the movie came out critically from a critically valuable DVD: First of all, I'm not sure what I have done (whether it is achieving religious status over the years, whether it is successful, humorous or even modest) Just as we did with me and myself, SOME CHANGE DIFFERENCES (1958). But lately, I was able to get DVD DVDs on DVD. Did it lead to two audio reviews from the exciting version of DVDs, the "Custom Edition" criterion? But, unfortunately, I could not extinguish the Spanish subtitles. play the main feature! Anyway, when I look at the movie, I'm very surprised to see how much I love (how many will I get later, despite the many shortcomings)? A "B-film" is a time-capsule that reflects a pure pattern (atypically pleasantly colored) and the social relationships of the late 1950s. The man had played an early role for Steve (n) McQueen, and although the actor then looked sadly, the only contribution of the genre is quite attractive: it is still a good (and, more importantly, selfless) child, not against children's arrogance. Special effects that describe elegant and expanding creatures are not as bad as its type and cycle; the film itself rises to a good peak? As I have recently pointed out in this film's research, it is actually called "Blob" in the opening of a series of satirical Italian programs showing the monster's capture of a movie (1953/7), but of an 'exciting' and interesting 'interest'! As well, there are my little quibbles that are in my movie: the monster is not traveling? just happen in different places, can not be seen by anyone !; A padding that police and children have earned; the city doctor is illogical to shoot in Blob? liquid may be destroyed by bullets regardless of its proportion; Equally unusual, youth door-to-door visits warn the city's population of danger (especially at this stage, just when McQueen really sees the monster is on the move)! In 1972 appeared the next sequel named "BLOB ATTACK" !; Was the original remade after 1988? I've been watching it for a long time, but it did not have a lasting impression on me (though Micheal Elliott likes it). Let's note that Director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, ie 4D MAN (1959), and DINOSAURUS, will follow up with two other collaborators! (1960).
