Chocolat, Beau Travail, and other films have made French director Claire Denis top up in the world's most unique and successful directors and featured in The Intruder (L'Intrus) in 2004. A kinematic poem that gives rise to evolution and loss of mood gives an idea of ​​the spirit of a person who is deteriorating physically and mentally and looking for peace and peace in different parts of the world. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> Of course, based on a heart transplant memoir of Jean-Luc Nancy, The Intruder, such an unprecedented opaqueness it is not a movie that after two images it is difficult to describe it in terms of subjective, impressionistic terms. <br /> <br /> Trebor (Michael Subor) is a seventy-year-old man who is likely to die of heart condition and who is trying to deal with his mistakes as long as he is in his timetable, as Professor of Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberry. Obviously, he is physically strong and very rich, but emotionally filtered and his face is a quiet retreat. Although we see only one episode of violence, there is a bad sense of it when it comes out of the bed to kill a sinner in the middle of the night. <br /> <br /> Let's find out, he is acting as a sort of person under control and participating in a crime. we can only see the results. Face-to-face over the film creates a strong insulation. He lives in a cabin on the Jura Mountains near the Swedish-Swiss border and has an extraneous Sydney (Gregoire Collin) for a long time. Sydney lives close to his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and two children. In a word, he faces his father on the stage and calls it lunat, but it does not prevent him from taking the money. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we manage to migrate a migrant with Antoinette, the Swiss Border Troops, a dog driving a van. When she comes home, her husband welcomes her husband, who "removes him from her" if she has something to declare. In addition to these three people, the people and situations we see in the rest of the film can only be found in Luis's dream. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them in the first half of the film: a pharmacist who prepares his medicine (Bambou), a obedient neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who, despite his dog, saying that he was crazy as he walked on the road and said that a young heart seller (Katia Golubeva) wanted the "young man's heart". <br /> <br /> Does not want to be seen throughout the film but only in his mind. In the final part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea and Tahiti to seek a heart transplant, or to present a gift to a boy he has not seen for many years. His heart transplant seems to be a metaphor for a heartbreaking man, an enthusiastic, but extremely unmanaged person, integrating with the real empathy of a person. The Intruder announces the guitar rhythm of Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man and Denis's regular Agnes Godard's magnificent cinematography, and Tindersticks's Stuart Staples's guitar playing. Godard, longing and sorry feelings: a single heart in the snow, looking at a child for a good two minutes, looks good for two minutes, the baby's expression gradually turns half-way into a smile, and the colorful surfaces of a new Christian ship , a massive massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse and the vast expanse of the ocean from a ship's boat. Although the controller is frustrating because of his elliptical nature, Denis has to comply with our own experience to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If you have any theme, you will be told, "Your worst enemies are hiding in your shadows, in your souls."
