Sammo Hung's 1989 Pedicab Driver is often regarded as his kingdom. In some parts of the film, I agree to some extent as incredible and fantastic as any Hong Kong movie. This is a pretty good and well-written drama, an interesting and sympathetic (and non-sympathetic) characters are provided to ensure a jaw drop when some really humorous humor and really are not familiar to a lot of the top gung kung fu somewhere with the Hong Kong cinema is also watching the film for experienced enthusiasts of a unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers living in Hong Kong. I think in the last century. They control their booths and are desperate for love. Sammo is interested in a local baker Ping (Nina Li Chi), and Max one day is confronted with the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit Ying. Many other characters are also presented, and if the audience truly concentrates on the film and its structure, it is always quite clear that I can not say that the film is confusing, especially in Hong Kong! Soon, we have been created for a ruthless gangster family's neighbors into terror and, of course, their violent movements affect our heroes and, therefore, for some of the most incredibly choreographed kung fu battles. <br /> <br /> Film shooting is at a high level. The surprises are very good and limited (for example, Sammo's is not as painful and terrifying as in 1987, as in the other Eastern Condores), and by the carefully written scenarios it's pretty unpleasant and easy to find. , Corey Yuen Kwai (Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Carol 1 and 2, as well as filmmakers of Soul 1 and 2, Ninja's legendary actor and director of films) Lo Koon-Ting (including John Woo's The Killer and many others at the Ringo Lam's School, including the Fire Prison and Prison inside the Pedicab Drive!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (there is an angry fight with Sammo) Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting The classic HK noir classic director who fled since 1988), the late Lam Ching Ying (the best HK vampire duck meat / kung fu / komediyalardakı known for friendly faces), to name a few of the name. In fact, Pedicab driver players I have ever seen in the production of HK is one of the most curious. <br /> <br /> Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and Lowell Loin are facing a crisis in the film. They really can do something completely serious, regardless of what the past or what they do to live, and if they want to discuss the meaning of human values ​​and love, they are serious and really effective in the middle of the movie, right from the average kung fu spectacle action more noticeable. Also attempts to cure things of other characters are touched and they say much about true human relationships and friendship and, of course, love. Unfortunately, Fennie's Max (in the future, about "bad eating"), unfortunately, diminishes and thinks the potential and theme of the whole segment quite effectively. <br /> <br /> But then we are the most interested in filmmakers. Movement is an angry and overlapping action. The scenes of war resemble traditional kung fu, some sticks, meat disruptors and so on, and they are used hysterically as in the most conscious kung-fu scene ever seen in any movie, Jackie Chan's Drunken Master II (1994) are really great! There are wires and they are used very cleverly and when people hit a kick or hit, they fly to the opposite corner. Simply wonderful and still something to deliver to Hong Kong cinema. Also in the dangerous stunts movie is a speedy car and pedicab chase sequence and various breathtaking tracks, and the breathing tracker as the crushing twisting bodies with the power to flying in the air and the tough destination. Still, film artists seem to "accept" the film's severity, like the late Bruce Lee, who wants to give himself up after the last mood of the gangster villa, Sammo, and I'm so morally, no matter what. Film movie is more than just malicious it is a good thing in such a harmless movie, as it is intended, how clear or salient it may be. <br /> I'm not sure if everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) understands or loves. The hilarious Star Wars gag from the beginning was definitely among them and forced me to laugh when I realized what I saw. Some of Sammo's passion for Ping is a fun scene. Perhaps the most amusing laugh was the appearance of tall and tall men flying to the wall and the wall during the scenes that were seen in the old fragment, simply INSANE and breath, can not hide my feelings and only <br /> <br /> Pedicab Drive is one of the finest Hong Kong action films I've ever seen. and Sammo easily among the greatest achievements. If there are not a few minor defects, it may be more brighter and higher. 8/10
