John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Mum" is a pleasant and unexpected fantasy about the modern witch's bucket living in New York; obviously a charming movie property. For Gillian Holroyd, Gillian Holroyd begins magic spell with Shep Gillian, including her lover, Shepherd Henderson and her strange family and circle, Shep's frustrated fiancée, Merle Kittredge, who runs her old book publisher. Even Pyewacket was a Siamese cat known to well-timed miaows, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with deception claims and misconduct. In a word, it appeared to his producer, perhaps, in the magic box. And that's why it proved. Many things about his production were right; only one element was not perfect; but I found the rest of it fun, attractive and very entertaining. First, the scenario of Daniel Tarradak kept the best of the good theater play, but opened up his scenes to cover other areas of the Greenwich Village and the New York scene. Technical production was beautiful, cinematography by legendary James Wong Howe, a beautiful account by George Duning, more intelligent sets by Louis Diage and shirts made by Jean Louis. The attractive gallery was one of the most impressive parts like Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule like Merle, Ernie Kovacs like Redlitch, Gillian's unlucky brother Jack Lemmon, beautiful comedian Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold. Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was an immense element in my decision; He did a good job with his comedy, but he was a publisher in New York, and in no way was too old to be part of Henderson. But filmmaker Richard Quine, using the subtle lighting, speed changes and unusual shooting, to illustrate the strangeness of the movie's gigantic parts, kept the other parts very bright, but in a simpler way. The film's main crisis goes when Gillian falls to Henderson, who does not believe in witches. She was just a fiancé, and she began to pull her out of the closed college opponent. Later, Henderson continues to go back while trying to get out, and as he tries to explain to him without apologizing, he realizes that he is under a magic. Sidney Redlich was called by a magician to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he knows all the magic, but it is quite surprising and interesting to learn why he has not gone anywhere; but Gillian's brother illuminates it. As Gillian Henderson loses his power and proves his love, this right ends at the end of this romantic satire - when they truly love a science, witches become. Of course, he never wanted to resist it. There is dialogue, glamor, and a little "magic" in the struggle to win the movie, the magic of the magicians, and the fight with Gillian himself and win his dear man. It's a beautiful beauty, which ends up in a beautiful and unusual romance, but in my opinion it is a complete fantasy, it makes an incredible realism. Very much.
