After a while, you go into a movie that defines your values ​​and shows the true depth of the human emotions that leave you thirsty. Viva alone? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lama, I really thought that he had reached Bollywood's peak and would never do anything like that. Boy wrong! I went to the store to buy a little grocery store and decided to choose this movie together with the new "DON" (even though I have already considered my decision, I can compare Shakhruh with the Big EU). After discussing, I have to spend almost 3 hours on a picturesque movie, and I decided to watch it, and I have nothing else to do. When I saw the U's rating instead of A, I was happy that at least this is nothing but not necessarily having to watch the women with bad behaviors. will show that they have more skill in the bed than a Hollywood B player. For the first 5 minutes, I also thought I would be exposed to a senseless story again with bad behavior. After everyone who sees the Witness, they know that they have never been known as a true actor. Boy? I made a mistake about this movie. This film was interested in me in the first 5 minutes and never left me. It was a great movie with a good story about the missing traditions of our society. I used to have enough courage to shoot a film that the director did not associate with the concept of the younger generation, and he was convicted by him (that's right to do so). Some think that the actor was not good. Despite the fact that the music game was not considered to be the best, I felt the player was great and still very good. It is a good thing that after watching this music for the second time, this music is growing with me as it is with me. Another good thing is that the songs you see in most films are not buried in the scenario. These songs are, in fact, telling a large part of the story and, of course, a welcome addition. Ajay Devkan, a great actor (after the company), disappeared from being a joke, and Salman found him after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; this film will help Captain Kapoor to become a better actor and entertainer in Bollywood. This is the first movie that loves me and its role. He was well-off and made to be a well-visible young adult. Yes, you can not find him playing Basketball and hitting each point as you see Shahruh in the DNLJ (though not a great Indian in the UK, both countries are not great in basketball), he is confident as a person who adheres to his values. Amrita Rao came across as one of the first to be remembered. In all other films, he really competed with the big face that hindered him. No one knew how good an actress was until the film was followed. In particular, some of the scenes that need to cry to the end really show the depth of his knowledge and activity. Although he's in another movie, he's the most memorable in this movie. I think this movie will show miracles for her. Moving on Rani? When a decent chance to finally work with a good director is given, another girl can hold her torch there. He is beautiful with a great voice, and he has a face that is totally free of guilt. It almost does not have a 0% body fat or does not hurt (yes people will challenge you to find 0.1% fat against you, and unlike many others like Sonali, he can really move). I thought I would never be disappointed with the beauty of Madhuri and early Kajol, but it changed completely. The witness and Amrita worked very well and made connections to their characters and both had done an excellent job (although he said "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun" to turn into a girl like a Salman). After watching this movie, he left me, as I was emotionally dried out, decided to watch this movie (immediately). Yes right now. I have never done that. Not even with DDLJ, there was something that should be repeated again in this film. Probably, I will watch this movie for the third time a week, so I can watch the growing traditions. I have never seen families sit and have fun. When parents spend time with their children, children respectfully admire their parents. I know that many people think that the film does not describe the real life, but we do not want it to happen. Families, tradition, love and respect. This is a reminder of all of us. I can be sure that you are a very good movie that you can enjoy. I'm convinced that some young people will not love this movie, but if you are over 28, I doubt you will be one of them.
