Completely shiny movie! Jiri Trnka, a puppet animator, prevents totalitarianism in this regard, his latest film. <br /> <br /> In this dark and funny short film, the artist tries to create a new pot for their loved ones. The Communist Czechoslovak government (at that time) would be banned despite the country's highest animated award. plant. Happiness is his creativity, when he desires that his plant will grow to become a beautiful flower. Suddenly, this giant is a powerful hacker who knocks on the door and tries to force the artist to make sculptures. The painter is well tolerated, but in the end he is forced to take him by his constant attempts to force him to do so. He bathes his brain; intellectual zombie At this point he connects his hand to the artist, puts it in the cage and uses it to make handmade sculptures. It is a time of honoring the artist's work and rewarding him with medals and respect. <br /> <br /> The inner desire of the artist to express himself freely, prefers his insults and allows him to escape from prison, with literal or supervisory control, and return home to live in fear of the mighty hand. He clings to himself by thinking of a powerful hand, but in this process increases his hopes of not holding his hands and raising the plant and the pot and falling on his head and killing him. The artist is inevaltally destroyed by his creativity. Because of all his fears, he had to live after fleeing the ropes of his hands. Once dead, the painter is painting a great man as a national hero. Unfortunately, it's not because of circumstances that do not want the circumstances or the artist to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trnka's totalitarian society condemnation and the lack of freedom of expression are a dark, dark and strange animation. The government did not stop it, because people are surprised and maybe listen. Undoubtedly, this is not acceptable. An example of an artist's civil disobedience and its impact. It is still very convenient for many parts of the world from the US to the Middle East. A must see 10 to 10 and be clear! Talk about getting out with a bang!
