First of all, I did not like being a Nazi swastika drama. But I bought it and it was not bad after seeing it. I have heard many complaints about not reading short numbers and Ilse Werner. Now I understand. Radio show was a super propaganda program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and Kurt Widman and his Orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera never appeared on the radio show because performers and groups were from pop jazz and swing categories. The club's foot has set up nightclubs and hotels for short-wave radios for soldiers in the occupied territories, with only record sales in Berlin and Hamburg. For this reason, Ilse was not allowed to read it in this way. It was designed with medium budget music, and in 1942 he was preparing his music. This showed his whistle blow. But this is the perfect example of propaganda. Performed by Ida Wust and his wife Eichhorn, goes to the 1936 Olympics. If Teymur forgets his ticket, the lady of Inye must come back with the ticket. Meet Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, with additional tickets. He goes with it and loves it at first glance. they plan to marry, but the Spanish war must be set off, and they should give the right side an assignment. Charles Raddatz is really nice and straightforward because many people have complained about him. After making the opulent, he added to it a mustache and corrected its sun, which provided its straight look. As a butcher and his troops are in France, you see Nazi soldiers operating normally, and they steal pigs from a farm, and their leader is preparing to lunch as long as he does not offer the pigs. This Adolphs reflects animal rights extremism. The character was a butcher now soldier. It was fine thinner to eat meat. World War 11 flies on Herbert German aircraft. We hit one of the pilots for Herbert's overthrow. We shoot down his plane. They crashed. Unfortunately, they are alive for us. Nazi warriors go to a battalion Catholic church and now drop Catholics and Hubert 's best friend Helmet, Beethtoven, playing the body by Joachim Brennecke begins playing the body .We have more bombs. The church continues to remain a bomber more and soldiers play the body they want to leave. We're hurting him. Propaganda message? The Catholic Church made him dependent. He hurt her. See it? Meanwhile Inge, with her mother or father, Hedwig Bleibteu played the same German knight actress, starring Maria Holst's Aunt in Hollywood's Weiner Blut. Then, it comes to a brief look at this radio show. It was not meant to be a musical revo, like the Rozen in Tirol, as the Kauri Terri was published in the same year. In addition to the discussion, their sides should only be dropped off. In fact, the war was a romantic film. The filmmaker made it easier for a soldier to throw a pot, but many of these soldiers in the real life were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the cause of their work, and the monthly payments. Most survivors after the war are regrettable. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today's Neo Nazi and Nazi skinheads are the ones that focus on reflecting Hitler's worship and their reflection. There are sites that worry about exploiting these classic movies to earn money for their madness. Often, be careful, only hatred is just classics. If they see that their scenario appears, they jump to the speaker 's website .IHF or German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot. They are legal. 01/23/10 Mada was a mistake, not Herbertin, who was killed in the church. The character of Malte Yager was Schartzskop.
