A documentary on friendship and subsequent competition between the two retro rock'n'roll strips called West Coast: The Dandy Warhol and Brian Jonestown Massacre. In fact, the portrait of borderline psychopathy - Anton Newcomb and torture with the rest of the world. Interestingly, there is no music for the music documentary. What's up there - the songwriters, in most cases, have not been canceled by the performers - not the center, not casual. Although the heroes are musicians, the story is not music, but rather the American version of a cartoon lifestyle, especially the American version, ie, no one should be responsible for behaving like a full-time adolescent. Tantrums, narcotics, violence, vastly unsuccessful attitudes, and truly epic scrutiny - all of these are complex or positively encouraged, for it is a collective idea about rock'n'roll. As a film, this is a first-class documentary, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music protected? For someone who claims to play 80 instruments that never seems to be advanced to the most obvious derivatives of his music (The Stones, Velvets, etc.) for someone who is so wild and ugly (and lying and dirty) to go beyond the basic level for a person he had never learned. Similarly, Dandy Warhols' burning dedication is based on a rock'n'roll vision that fascinates in 1969. There is nothing wrong with pastickers, but of course there is more musical life than the cartoon since the late 1960s. Why are they unable to take some risks with their own tracks with their role models? Because, one suspect, this is not music. Music is just an accessory, a blame or an excuse to carry out a completely unmanageable and irresponsible life. But why? Dandy Warhols is open to the answer in the case: earn a lot of money and become popular. Great job. Anton Newcomb's claim is more interesting. Undoubtedly, she is very talented, but every time she is given the opportunity to get a wider audience, more dramatically as possible. She is afraid of success and at the same time, she is deeply embarrassed by her old friends Dandy Warhol. Great movie. Be advised.
