Documentary about two rocks bands covering several years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and Dandy Warhols. <br /> <br /> One of the key people in the Brian Jonestown massacre, Anton Newcombe, is known not only by her, but also as a music genius. colleagues, friends and competitors Dandy Warhol, but also the record producers and the majority of people working with him. Unfortunately, he and his team members can not integrate into the real world. Newcombe fights with group members or viewers on the stage (on the one hand, he is being arrested at one point to fight from the fan side). Newcombe does not know any limitations? Plays 40 to 100 different instruments, writes and produces music from all BJMs, produces enough songs to fill the entire album in one day, has obsessive prophecy with its music genius, the smallest compromise of its artistic integrity moves toward creepers, orders group members, even lower forms of life, and can enrich them quickly. BJM passes through a large number of text labels in a fast sequence. The Warhols recognize their debt to Newcombe's creativity and did not even let themselves be left to themselves. They immediately sign up for Newcombe's talents and must go when they realize they are not completely detained. Is Greatness Great? but there is something that is not Warhols BJM? their ability to integrate into the real world and their markets? The talent as a mixing pot (even though most guru is fresh from Newcombe) and access is quite cool. DiG! The parallel career of two bands is followed by increased pains. At one point, Newcombe removes stunts designed to make a presentation by sending death threats and hate messages to the Warhols (live wars and 'actions to cleanse' in a box similar to a box in a unique box)? just forget that he is a stunt, and get an order of action against Newcombe to get the paranoid. Dandy Warhols is increasingly isolated in Newcombe, because Europe has "every day a holiday" and "Bohemian Like You" hits. The BJM is suspended and the group breaks down when they are arrested for being a cannabis? <br /> <br /> The guns also get accustomed to drugs, let them be warned, and even allow them to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> Bigger interests of DiG! Genius classes can go beyond two bands or even rock music. Our focus is not documented, but intimate, and it's mostly just about people who are interested in particular movie fans or artistic bandwidth or music for both. Newcombe can be a genius who is largely unrecognizable, and that's what he has in the film, but there are few people who have been interviewed to confirm that. According to one of the members of the band: "In every spiritual tradition you burn in hell, which shows God and can not protect it." Newcombe does not argue? but possibly still in their lives and there are enough people in DiG to estimate it numerically! there is a poor fight to compensate for the torture but for the sake of the most unrecognized horror.
