<br /> <br /> But I am sure that Homer Hickam's true life, adaptable to the film Rocket Boys, but just like an October Sky movie, is an insight into the title of the book alone. I have not read Hickam's memories, but I can still make the movie fit. Written by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, writes a story from teenager Homer Hylam (Jake Gyllenhaal) since October 1957. Starts with the sound of a radio broadcast, Russia's satellite Sputnik is the first artificial satellite in the orbit. We see the images of the blue-gray city and its people, mostly miners working in the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners listens to the news enters the manhole, but when he falls into the dark, the star above him loses his eyes and loses his signal. The melancholy violin tone fades according to this image. Additionally, we use Elvis on a car radio: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg) talk about football experiences. Football scholarships are a way out of the city and those who work in mines. Homer asks, "Why are they going to college?" Roy Lee answers, "They will take the daughters." Homer does not play in football as his elder brother, he is assigned to mine and is grateful to my dad as his uncle. Until he sees the light that extends to October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. Homer says: "I want to go to space, Homer has joined Nerdy Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen) after a disastrous attempt to cover a primitive rocket and his mother (Natalie Canerday) fencing Quentin Homer asks:" What do you want to know about rockets? " "Everything." John F. Riley (Laura Dern), a great philosopher at the Greater High School, supports Homer and is trying to build a rocket in Homer's basement, but her father, meaning her life, does not support her, John Hickam (Chris Cooper) it is important that coal mines should not be spent on rockets, but all coal mines are used to make coal from steel and nothing happens without steel ... Homer and his father are one of the most harsh relationships I have ever seen in a movie Miss Riley, Homer, at the local science fair Homer says: "You can not just imagine your way through Coalwood. Homer and his friends always try their dreams by continuously working on rockets, improving their models with their attempts. Despite many attempts, children do not lose confidence. O'Dell asks Homer in one of the most hopeless moments: "What are the chances of winning this science exhibition?" Homer answers "one million". "That's okay?" O'Dell answers, "Why did not you?" The music produced by Mark Imaam is particularly saddened and hopefully at one point that Homer's descent into the mine shaft and loses his desire to leave the sky and Koalwood. Rolled into the 1950s rock and roll, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes pushing instrumental pieces to create a light hearted mood that reflects the lives of young people in the life of miners. The film shot by Fred Murphy also uses colors to set and symbolize moods. The city of Coalwood, in fact, washed with Tennessee movie, blues, grays and browns. The pinch of coal looks like everything - facials, clothes, houses and roads. When it comes to asking the fate of a few guys red-handed converted, they are known to be outside the coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The missile design book by Miss Riley Homer is in red. The red color stands for Coalwood as a sign of "exit" against the blue and gray world, but still exquisite. Reds Homer has direct instructions on a world of dreams. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses hope and respect, believing that Homer Hickam is difficult to believe is not the real Homer that we have seen in the actual scenes. Chris Cooper, as a stubborn father of Homer, is incredibly beloved, or does not accept that he will not produce enough for the mine to survive. Homer and anyone who encourages him in his rocket building are aware of the city's death. The only way to stay together with the splitting of society is to gather for rocket boy demonstrations. Again, I'm sure that there is nothing like the one described in the film, but was not a movie idealistic? "October Thunder" is just enough to make a big enough movie and a real rawness to capture real.
