October Sky is a high-award-winning movie and it's not so easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are taken, actors and actresses are doing well enough, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants and is a real story. Undoubtedly, the director's achievements can not be compared to sparks and the original story creates warmth. We do not see any special narrative or cinematography; the strength of the film is very confident in the riveted area and in the difficult situation the young hero is trapped. We feel the desire to introduce Homer's father and create his own future, and his endurance earns our respect. October Sky may lend some of its inspiration to this movie, and then recall the Japanese mini series Rocket Boy in 2001. In fact, these two works cast from two different cultures provide an interesting comparison. October Sky, when opening a story of a young man crying loudly to claim his right to fate, "Rocket Boy" sometimes presents a more dangerous picture of a critical critique of modern society. Rikoy, a prominent actor, starring Yuji Otah, points out three possible people: a travel agent with a desire to become an astronaut, a magnet advertising agent on the verge of separating from her father's and her brother's (Homer's family ), and even a shameless complex due to the extremely successful success of a food company employee who is intent on getting married. The accumulated public consciousness overstrips the success of its founders and will further strengthen their steps to further complicate them. Because Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator to compensate for his lost self because he called it "Galaxy". When his client was temporarily and his girlfriend decided to leave her, she finally decided to become a sailor, but later she thought that she had the power of her father's words to find her less attractive in the sea. But I did not regret it, but at least I had testified to his father Kobayashi. Despite his father's desire to resign from his position and appeal to astronauts, he must hurt his feet and move on the wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts have finally failed and returned to travel agency. But his courageous courage inspires his friends and everyone loves him more. Prior to the end of the series, Kobayashi works as a trainer for a cosmic camp designed to help children learn more about astronauts. After walking, he bends over a tree and opens a teardrop layer from the bulletin board: "¬Astronauts wanted in 2004. Kobayashi looks at a piece of paper, laughs and laughs A kid looking at a ticket for Disneyland Kobayashi can not get what he wants, but it gives courage to his fate, and it does, but not for the hero to demonstrate his heroic deeds, but to make us loyal to his desires and desires, and this is what makes the show clearer to us than Dilbert or other sarcastic writings. and both of us are teaching Homer and Kobayashi both, and what they can do despite other people's ideas, and I recommend seeing other Japanese IMDB users on the Japanese TV series if you are more than nine. Sorry for the lack of IMDB information, maybe you can ask Japan to help you out.
