A simple and effective movie about all types of life that meets the challenges. Homer and his friends had earned a lot of money to become a miner in the indigenous mines and develop for humanity that never came out of the trap of a prehistoric future thrown out of his father and son. Also, Homer and his friends had three distinct challenges to conquer their personal and free future. Homer and his comrades, a turning point, the first human-made artificial satellite, did not want to miss the Soviet satellite's problem of human history. Then, science and application mechanics consider the problem of calculating and preparing a rocket from scratch, rather than what can be collected in their books and books. Finally, a world-wide playground, and even Homer, with a time-lapse of time, forced to return to the package for a straightforward survival, and even Homer, for a while, blocked his plans and desires. But there is another story about a story that the film does not really emphasize. Homer is the carrier of the project, but he and his comrades need the inspiration. If he is going to get a college scholarship, because his friends prefer him, his friends will be able to go on their way and ways, and will be able to get out of his cultural fate, and his inspiration with his energy lies in his eyes. It is sometimes difficult to abandon the example of someone who is hard to deal with in a difficult path. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resisted that dream because his science is not a part of a real person, such as culture or football. The fate of the working class that existed in the 1950s and 1960s still exists in some areas, often with the traditional minds of the parents. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class that I talk to is a great trap. Here, too, the film is effective and some parents think. <br /> <br /> Dear Homer, It might have been the fourth call that said, "This is not a way to get a programmed and programmed route from your own father." <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Culardeau, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
