I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon, and a year later I saw promotions for Vivah, which is now well-visible. But I did not want to spend the money earned by watching the movie theater. When the movie went to DVD for the first time, I leased it and watched it and liked the movie and took back my words for Sooraj. I just watched him yesterday and this time I'm going to review this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaWhen this is true, OK I'm a great fan of the Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I always liked Manie Pyar kiya, I think Vivah Barjatyas is the best business. I'm crying in a movie, but it feels like I'm crying. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> If you have a love of the past, there will be many moments to touch you in this movie , the movie is just too sweet and you like it, you can tell the story of this movie and it's very old, but it seems to me that it is because the two couples know that marriage is an old concept. There are so many things to do in today's world, but it does not believe in the marriage. A journey between a wedding and a wedding, which is always special, and this movie clearly shows it. When Prem first meets Poonam, they are like that, and this is true, and when my parents say how they got married, in a statement that Prem and Poonam meet in this movie, how much marriages are the most. It was very sweet, you feel nervous, shows that "Do Ajnabe" is very good. The return you to the story is that it is a journey between Prem and Poonam (witnessed by Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and there families. <br /> <br /> The chemistry of Prem and Poonam, which makes this movie so beautiful, is how sweet they are to one another. It's very difficult to watch when a simple guy and a simple girl talks during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe" for the first time, She says something challenging, and Prem talks about her past and a girl she loves and smiling about her. Then one goes to a family trip and then actually goes to one another. She just wants to watch couples and watch all the cool moments they have. Another factor is that the poonam chichi really takes care of him and because he feels sorry for Poonam, he wants to see his happiness and finally find happiness, and then you will also be happy with him. If you want to be happy when you are happy with Prem, and nothing is wrong, because the character is shown as a cute little girl. Because Poonam is beautiful in the movie, Amrita Roa brings me to the exit, so far the best thing is that you will fall in love with this innocent character and you will be happy. Witness Capour is as beautiful as Prem, Poonam's support in the movie, his happiness is a movie, and he shares an incredible chemistry and I have never seen a pair of couples since SRK and Kajol. If you have not touched to tell you how sweet the cork is, you will definitely be. The song "Mujhe Haq hai" and the beautiful chemistry he has shown before. The scenes touching me show that Prem Poonam is in his room and where he will stay and opens it, and there's a very sweet moment between them. Again, these scenes can keep you in touch even if you love one another. <br /> <br /> For me, a good movie is something that can draw me and I believe in these hours when it stops me. Here's a fake and a camera is presented to them. I was attracted to this movie and felt that this three-hour movie really was connected. Your songs are just like when they see the movie, because they've been in a situation after seeing the movie I performed! <br /> <br /> As long as you can finally say that if you rarely get a movie that really feels good then this movie will really feel good and we want to be a better person. Is it mainly the most beloved journey, mostly to show a journey between engagement and marriage and many people say the best part of your life? Well, does this movie really show the way that people really say? People really say this trip is just amazing! Watch this movie and see what a great journey is!
