While watching the ad for this movie, I'm pretty sure that I'll neglect it. In short, the author of the book was one of the "romantic" films that he saw, hated, and refused to be related to the film. Worse, the trailer is only possible to imagine (for example, the child is hit by a garden hose ... and falls). So when my younger brother believes this season is a "must-see" movie (of course, he is "Car", "On the Avalanche", "The Ant Bully", "Monster House", etc.) I will be very excited. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the film has won me for a variety of reasons: First, writers prefer the "child's dialogue" better than any other child film that I only see, the most important example is that the boy's manager accidentally a worm-eaten worm, boys have created a nude, exaggerated impression of the main lessons, and think that all the little kids are mistreated by adults by mistakes. "Then one of the boys asks," Why does the alley oil say? " The child responds: "Perhaps he is crazy!" The whole group laughs. It's not a very modest darling, but a g a full-fledged place where the goat was somewhere in the same place, and that others could find it fun. "To confirm this, my brother hit him right on the screen when he was speaking; <br /> <br /> The true cause of the film is that writers began to work with violence, fraternity, and new relationships. children and peer pressure in school, seem to be separated from the school at no cost to anyone. For example, the bull (Joe) is not stereotypical; he is absolutely evil but not bad, and his house is sufficiently sufficient that the audience feels sincere to him and understands the roots of his violence. There is no "dramatic music" that Billy ("Worm Boy") understands as a complete instrument for his younger brother Vudy, but there has still been some kind of minor transformation to the end of the film. <br /> <br /> There is a slight difference in this movie. <br /> <br /> The only negative aspect of the movie is its appearance. The makers of McDonald's dance party "Mac and I" are a completely funny dance scene that will disappoint. Why oh why filmed? Austin Rogers (Adam) drew Macaulay Culkin and denied his role after giving up a vehicle to show his impressive dance skills? Generally, this movie was perfect and the length (somewhat less about it) had a little less comedy value. hours and twenty minutes) were absolutely perfect. One of the best, most realistic action children's films ever to see is that you really are a child or that you're just a kid.
