I have never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of the chair and laughing all the time. I did not think of such a horrible action, it was all very funny. The story behind the film is deserving, but the movie scenes can not describe them. I have never seen such a foolish film in my life, so I think it's worth watching. I gave 10 films out of 10 films, the most amazing film that was created, this film was created to be just a trash. I want to say that the scenes are so fake and actors behave like "camera front". You'll get a kick watching just how bleak this movie is, my friend and buddy will not be able to forbid jokes in the movie, the darthvader guy who wants to take his daughter escaped twice, not once and ran for the second time. He says that the English is not lol, called. If you watch this movie, you think that all the other films you think are better than what you are enjoying. This film will also be of interest, and in what kind of a movie we lie. The satan's oil has encountered a ridiculous girl many times, and the evil snake rescues her hero and hero every time. The devil's oil had so much chance that the gods were hurrying and trying to tell the girl what a miracle he wanted. Did you wonder if you missed the link between the scenes? Many field holes from scene to field. When I decided to run away from Mexico, I was laughing like a madman. Hmmmm jump will save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting ... In my opinion, overcoming the border solves all the problems. Another scene that completely ruined me ... for the first time had a romantic scene on the beach where they met and kissed and did not know each other ... the scene was so clichés and at least in the other films there was no substance, but logically it may seem , despite their reincarnation, they simply develop one another in love. In any case, this movie is waiting for your eyes to open and light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like this in paradise. Finally, watching yourself will be occupied by every moment you criticize every stage in your life.
