I recently returned and I have not seen this movie for many years. When I first saw the movie, I was too young to understand what the movie was. Now I saw that I still did not believe what I missed for years. For me, I think this movie is great for them to watch. Many feel like the best part of music, but I do not think it's true. Many do not understand how good the story is, as the player is dominant. The truth of the matter was that no one in the movie really wanted to act. All the main cast was only for themselves. <br /> <br /> According to some of the films, they themselves keep in touch with themselves. Now, from my perspective, the situation in the film is actually based on music in Minneapolis, and is the fact that most of what actually happens in the Prince's career and that can speak better? Since then, music from the city has become popular and revolutionary. Music was first of all interested in seeing how music is being played at First Avenue & 7th St Entry. In fact, the Prince began his career among other musicians. The Prince and Morris Day are always known to be competing with each other in real life, but friendship was a competitive one. They were always friends. Thus, the story is essentially far from the competitive aspect of competition, more than friendship, which shows the real competitive edge of the events in First Avenue. <br /> <br /> The other reason for this film is that some of the events that occurred in the film are actually based on the events of the Prince during his music and personal life. For me, this is more realistic than emotionally, as the film's experiments and thrills talked about superstard. Moreover, his sacrifice leads to his speech. The prince was convinced that every moment in the film would be perfectly done. <br /> <br /> The prince is all musical genius and in many cases proves it. This movie actually officially puts Prince on the map and has slowed down since then. Anyone who has watched this movie or is still unbelieved yet, when you sit down and watch this movie, you have to follow it wisely or miss all aspects of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely a movie to be watched. I think it's a great movie I've seen and watched above everyone explained.
