In 1983, the production of Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM), produced by Jane Eyre, has always been my favorite Jane Eyre and will always be. If you watch another version of Jane Eyre's book, it will be like watching some regular movie that will be forgotten next day. But watching this book is almost equal to reading books. I was very little used to watch these miniseries and inspired me to read the book. At that time, I did not pay close attention to how close the television production was. I recently watched Jane Eyre's version 1996 and was very disappointed. It lasted only 2 hours and there was not a very important scene from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). After that I fell in love with Jane Ere, because she covers all the important scenes of the book and only tells the whole story (not reading books in other versions). <br /> <br /> Jane's Eyre, 1983, is perfect. Indeed, Timothy Dalton is a very good actor ("Scarlet" and Julius Caesar, Butler is good enough to play), but so big as Rochester, I can not imagine another person playing this role. Zelah Clark is undoubtedly the only Jane according to the description of the book. The other thing that makes this movie very good is the dresses and makeup of the players. Since Brente describes her, Jane looks modest and naïve (although she does not look at 18, but do you pay attention to the truth?) Some say that Jane Eyre is a long, but better way I would spend the whole day watching another version watching 2 hours. Some say that the film is boring and boring, because Jane is not passionate enough or there are not enough "kissing scenes." I hate some of Jane Eyre's "Hollywood movie" when doing kissing scenes. You will not be allowed into the "crazy, madly lover" scenes to show love between Jane and Rochester. Both Zelah and Timotey express this love so perfectly that there is no other scene needed! I am 19 years old and many of my age girls say this movie is "boring and old". But I can only feel sorry for them, because they do not value purity and beauty. Because of all this, the novel has been set in the 19th century, and this old appearance becomes more attractive and more like a book. <br /> <br /> I think Jane will not have another version of Ayre, which will be his love and affection. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other films, the genuine Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
