* CLAIM: I wish I could discuss it without opening the trick, but I can not. Sorry. <br /> <br /> When I shouted over the reviews and analyzes of this version, we were looking for George C. Scott's IMDb theory. I have come up with a great deal of positive feedback that I (a) cut and escape when George S Scott imagined the Rochester tortured nature (and its physical appearance) to a T; and (b) When looking at the DVD, I was thinking: "Does not Timotey Dalton look so good for this role?" While the final care was on the back of the DVDs, I decided to read the book again. Well, I started watching it in a minute, it attracted me. From the beginning of the dialogue in 1840, almost as little as modernization attempts were, or not, but Dalton and Clarke have so well thrown themselves into the fact that the adapters really rely on the audience to say archaic speeches. Most of the book was an added bonus on the screen. I know someone who does not watch any version of Jane Eyre, because "wants to see a movie about a man who keeps poor naked women in the yard?" Without a doubt, if a man who did not read a book ran an hour or a half or two hours, he would have thought that the whole story was pretty much the same as the Rochester secret and its impact on everyone around it. Fortunately, this version is actually dependent on Jane Eire's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people criticize castings. Dalton is very busy; Clarke is very protected. I can not argue against the first point, but I believe it is currently Rochester. For me, it's Clarke's performance mark. Jane Eyre is calm, protected. If the book is remembered, adults will experience the climax of paradise during its special struggle. Some criticisms make me angry. The reviewers say Clarke is too short or not good enough. The book continues to advertise that it is small and straight to Jane. Mrs. Clarke should not be tall, and film artists have lowered her look so she can not say that Jane's lack of beauty. If Dalton was tall, she could help. Some say that there is no chemistry in the potential. Yes?!! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <strong> Other criticisms. I missed more scenes with Helen Burns and Rivers sisters. Some of the dialogue was strangely cut. Rochester says, "Jane, you're wrong, because I do not hate it because it's awful," Rochester says, as Jane explains how crazy he is, he still loves and serves him. I want a strong moment in this book and I want to be included in it. I think it's wrong to bring Roche to the story scene with Janein himself. Obviously, this could have been done for clarity, but it was a negative one. Jane was convinced that Rochester's power would be cool, and she wanted the cunning humor of the scene where she had come again, but she could have been "like" again. Dalton's performance is very good, the rare misstep is beautiful - when I was weeping at the Rochester library, I saw him as a playmaker who was not like Rochester. As for sets, everyone knows what to expect after capturing an episode of Dark Shadows in 1960 - a very strange and sometimes luxurious interior. Others have commented on Rochester Sports's make-up in a comprehensive and concise way. Yikes! This is bad. The result is very sharp. After all this suffering and endurance, I wanted to finish the better. And on my DVD copy, let's get a little bit of credit for the start and end of an entire 11-30 minute episode. That is, I'm very glad to watch this movie and I'll watch it again.
