Manuel Gomez Pereira, attempting to mix drama and comedy, says this film is "What makes life worthwhile." It's not a word, but a lot of voices. It is noteworthy that the elements that make up the film are bad and some places are not well developed, others are outside. One day in the lives of two close people of the Bible. What is this film mainly Gomez Pereira? Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (parad) drama master who seems to be trying to change everything, despite the back load. This alone means a child's commitment to a turning point in his existence. "Long talk" by Audrey Tautou (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says to himself: "Now if I find a coin before it will change my chances, it will be found by Joan Manuel Serrat" Today can be a great day "(Hoy puede ser un gran diia) and Hortensia (Ana Belen) .He is another woman entering age Divorced and slightly singular, valerian to sleep, forming birthday parties as an exemplary mother, believes that he believes and leads to the murder of his mother. A very controversial woman in Hortensia's behavior, head-to-head information in her life "70% of people fall in love with just one lifetime" and Jorge remains unemployed, a "sadistic" then a unity, a dance at a luxurious wedding party, a car behind and a unique experience of players Something seemed to be seen as seen in the picture, but something quite serious for the audience: "The things that are worth living" The backbone of the two adults is that they do not have another person who leads them to see their strange relationships and, instead, involve us as a comedy , reading a Chinese song at a wedding (a fun looking) or a drunken person. We do not have time to interact with the players, so we can not figure out dramatically and we do not have a solid main comedy leaving everything except a clean joke. Finally, the audience blended that they did not want to laugh or cry, or that they did not. Well, something does not look a thousand times, it's not the kind of movie we've got to bend over every corner, but it's quite different or unusual as we want. Mom Belen (less than 53 years in this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very happy to work, but this time they appear ready for scenes or appear to be comfortable, dominate the film, so the "accident" in some moments, their hands are filtered. Perhaps there is a dramatic change, but this is no excuse to downplay our guards. In any case, both translators are easily set to the purpose of the function. "Valuable Things" works only up to a modest level of entertainment. No romantic comedy or dramatic claim has been made out of this point of view, so it is impossible for them to succeed as little as possible to succeed and to laugh and become drunk, because of a boy staying in a coma. No matter how much people like Rosario Pardo do, the greatest contribution to the typical friendly film should be "respectful" and the sound of the noise, though important, is simply unacceptable. True, there are Manuel Gomez Pereira's movie (some moments that take Jose Sacristan), but the whole Anodyne Story is a good-looking movie and a better result.
