"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. Since 1974, "Flavia Heretic" has a somewhat feminist principle, although it is really an Italian opera cinema that is really worrying and hesitant (although the level of sleaze and cruelty will surprise the majority of feminists). Primarily in a monastery and as a great hero (a great performance by Florin Bolkan), Flavia Heretic can be called a "Nunsploitation" film. However, this film is quite different from the typical nunsploitation flickkin since it is because of lesbianism, sadistic flair penalties, and so on. It does not pay too much attention to the elements of nunsploitation. Personally, I'm a Hexploitation flicks, like the "Devil Mark", aimed at the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern times (despite the witch hunting theme). <br /> After a witness to his despotic father in 1600 Italy, a wounded Muslim soldier is forced to become a nun in a temple in the young Flavia. When his father condemns a cruel death to a small evil sin, he becomes haters of Falcone's despotic church that he hates violence against women, and he joins a group of Arabian defenders ... <br /> <br /> Nothing, "Flavia the Heretic "is not for heartbreakers, and for those who want a happy ending. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in bad sectors. Many torture and execution scenes are extremely uncomfortable; deep deterioration, confusion, and other terrifying scenes, the most shocking scene, probably the very torture of a young man at the beginning of the film. The violence here is never superior. For all of these, these terrible methods are actually a reality when the movie is set up. The film is made with a realistic costume, elegant cinematography with fantastic settings and a great score by Nicola Piovani. Stunningly beautiful and large Florinda Bolkan proved his talent in many large Italian religious production (in Lucio Fulcci's Giallo-Shah's "Non-Sev Sevilla Un Paperino" in 1972). Here's a great, charismatic performance, and I could not even imagine another actress playing a role. There are some minor inconsistencies in the film (for example, the tough church first of all believes in strangers). But it is completely surprising how real this movie is. "Flavia the Heretic" must not be abducted by my Italian counterparts. This is a great deal of abuse, though, which, unfortunately, is a deep affliction and needs to be considered in the right spirit. It was highly recommended to the fans of the worst-selling movies. 7.5 / 10
