Do you think that the average person on Iranian cinema or Iranian football might know more or less? Interestingly, two of the controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's new film, "Ofsey," draws on a tale used to play football for a series of scenes that use soccer or go back to the right to go somewhere. when the individual has the right to extend this courtesy and willingness. Sometimes you do not come across a lot of things about Iranian football or Iranian cinema, and you do not face Offside (not Panahin's disagreeable education), but it turned out that at least one of the Iranians raised a controversial issue in a nation like Iran, is ready to offer to many international audiences. <br /> <br /> Remember the 2006 World Cup You can be sure of many people. After the first year in the summer after my first year at the University, the summer season of the World Cup was a wonderful tonic. Of course, almost every game bar I saw at the same time as others at the end of the group stage, as the '82 West Germany and Austria 's statement to the BBC to avoid the events in Spain Anyone watching them will see them at the expense of Algeria. For the first time in both countries' first Mexican game, at the start of the show, the BBC's Gary Lineker may recall a sniper commentary on the match. "We have played Germany, England, Argentina and Holland, but now we see that Mexico and Iran are in this fight." The second was that the emphasis was on low, and maybe watching them was a matter of work. There are people and they offer films such as Offside, they look at the point where they want to see what is happening in Iran, and those who are in power are saddened by what they think. <br /> <br /> If we consider immediately the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup", my mind will fall. returned to the French '98 game between the returned nation and America. There is a film about a World Cup game covering Iran, but some or indeed many Iranian filmmakers chose to present a story about Iran's famous victory over the United States, and the director chooses Panahi's look on what they are doing and what happens behind the scenes because he is deprived of football matches, he presents a story from a stand and is not allowed to live a great deal of ecstasy to win a game. <br /> <br /> You can imagine a heavy-handed movie that you describe in Iran's "victory" that a propaganda meant to use a Western power or "enemy" as a "defeat" as a film. <br /> <br /> Several films that come to mind to defeat their opponent in their game are the Indian film Lagaan, which was defeated by Indian villagers in cricket in 2001. Similalry, 2005, 'The Game of Life' sees Americans just defeating the English at a football match this time at the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and Offside are great; Offside looks at a state behind the mindset of a state and desires to examine the essence of Feminism as girls, dubbed Iran loved by Bahrain and seeks to win the World Cup, rounded off as animals, and a banned window that lets just play a single footstep. Imagine that men can use it during the game, not with the words "perverse". The film presents quite unusual in Iran that they can not deprive a person of the right to forbid and prohibit the evil language, but should the woman's right to see the whole game together? <br /> <br /> According to Panahi, for the first time, the heroes allow smokers and cell phones, doctors and academics say two things to play a little worse than a soccer match is more dangerous for the body / mind I am. Panahi pays special attention to the title of "Ofsite" and he is dominant in a football game when he "seizes himself" while trying to gain the advantage of the "aggressor" in the field of play. Parallels have the position of women in the film because they try to put the opponents on the opposition side (as if they were not); <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the best films coming from the Middle East and surrounding Gulf. The IMDb is a strenuous but humbling movie about people who do not carry any game history, and thus the actor is raw and realistic with all that strange neo-realistic aura. It is the end of life and there is a constant verbal battle between female soldiers and women who have the courage to stand against the state. For the reasons I mentioned, no one likes the movie, I think that you work in the Iranian government as well as in the different levels.
