Panahi, who appeared in a terrible smile on previous films such as "Circle and Crimson Gold", produced a funny, unhindered, happy chaotic ensemble that ended with a new release of freedom and joy? The film still deals with things that are absolutely challenging and necessary. Looking at a group of girls preparing for the World Cup before the Bahrain-Iran match at the Tehran Stadium, Panahi brings the issue of national spirit and independent thoughts and controversies? and sincere absurd <br /> <br /> When it comes to breathing on one of the buses on the bus, the regime's religion reflects sexual discrimination in the modern world of competition. a father who follows a lost daughter. It has a mascara and presents national colors as a warlike material, but we are saddened to know what will happen: it is still easy to distinguish. Of course, most of the surrounding men do not really care. Perhaps the rules are rules and when they try to pass through the various stadium control points, some girls or some of them are rounded up and stayed in a slightly more complicated place in the upper stadium, wondering how to deal with the independent thoughts of this great city girl and watching more games by many young, green and rustic soldiers-cops? Is it always breathing when we hear it in the background? themselves. Every girl is different? There are various reasons for breaking rules and asking for different ways to do so. Someone wore uniforms and entered the officers' office. Someone is hard and mysterious, irrational and provocative (he can pass for a nice guy and speaks in such a way: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What do you want me to do?"). Someone does not think much about football but went to honor his dead comrade. A (Aida Sadeghi) Who is a troublesome player? and so on. These Tehran girls are stubborn and clever and are the most powerful village lieutenants responsible for them (Seyf Samantha). One of the red cops (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes a footballer to the toilet for men (of course, there are no ladies), which forces him to wear a plaque of Italian football as a mask. <br /> <br /> Later, he comes with a officer who directs the police to take his daughters to the presidency. is a helper that violates sex discrimination rules. Is a person confused with them? a child who is guilty of smuggling fireworks in the game. The microphone comes out to be so spiffy: the radio antenna is broken. But a police officer keeps them in their place so they can listen to the heartbreaking interview. The cops and detainees are now involved with a common alarm. <br /> <br /> In the background, all this is a real game, a real stadium, and confused by the real mass of young people. the result of this event. This excitement is great and the streets are compressed by a group of crowds who are praying for cars, flags and an Iranian victory and combining their excitement. <br /> <br /> How good this movie is, it's been hit during a real night game at the real finals that turns everything around at the moment. This is a spontaneous vérité movie that creates a rhythm with captivated backgrounds of real events, unlike Panahi's previous calculations, and sweeps you with enthusiasm. <br /> <br /> The essence of offsite is the breakdown of the retro-Islamic social ban, which is the modern world of football nudity and repression of women? young women, the last one, when women turn into a sport and become part of a global world that is part of the will of the national team. How do you clarify the country's longing to become a modern global power with medieval social relations? Many Officers are surprising, including the way everyone speaks the way out. The decision of the director to involve young actors in the actual sporting event leads to documentary, polemic, and fantasy confusion, and it is a great energy to choose a bone to choose and it ends in a brilliant and moving manner <br /> <br / > I have already made notes about Panahin's films, but this is just one time. Panahi does something remarkable here. He criticizes his community, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with the desires of a nation.
