Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his experience with other business partners. Alan also has a lover (Jada Pinkett Smith) and two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Judge). She allowed her parents to stay in a large apartment in New York City. But in some ways his life feels a little empty. A birthday in the city sees an old college guest room, Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan did not see Charlie in the year? Alan again tries to make friends with Charlie. Charlie is a man who can hide his true feelings from those who care about him. Charlie was one of the planners on September 11, 2001, unexpectedly after losing his family in a plane crash. When Alan feels comfortable with nearly Charlie. Alan remembers his past and harms anyone who promises to Charlie Alana or his deceased family. She is now trying to help Alan Charlie and tries to make her a little easier for her. But Alan, speaking of Charlie's real feelings, says that it is more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Writing, upper part of Anger) in sorrow, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance that Paul Thomas Anderson offers in his dramatic role in Punch-Drunk Love. Tent is in normal condition. Alan Pinkett Smith, a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows, is as good as a beautiful lonely woman like Alan, as well as a saddle shaking about Alan. This film, unfortunately, despite a great deal of price, a box office was disappointed. The cast is first degree, the writer and director is beautiful and Russ T. Alsobrook's awesome Widescreen Cinematography. The film has a great NYC location where they create a beautiful city to take pictures of New York. <br /> Sharp anamorphic Widescreen (2.35: 1) on DVD and good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD is also a cem session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, photo montage and previews. I was more than happy to have DVD features like an audio comment track from the director and deleted scenes. "Guilty to me" is certainly one of the best films this year. I'm sure that this movie looked great on the big screen. Unfortunately, there is no chance to see it in a theater. But it's a good movie on DVD. The film has a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces that support roles and bits. Even the director is part of an actor like Byran Sugarman. "Headquarters for me" is one of the most popular pictures of this year. "The Wedding Singer" is the best Sandler movie in my taste. Do not miss it. HD Widescreen. (***** 1/2).
