Most of those who go to this movie will think what that is; A man loses all his family and even his dog in a cliff on Boston's legendary morning of September 11, 2001. Before you see this movie, what you do not know: how would this happen; What to do with it; and how will it affect you and connect with each waking day? When the recently-renewed relationship between Stomatologist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and old college guest room Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is getting stronger and slower, the story runs slowly through the door and then cools for a bit of speed. form In this film, which is pre-compulsory and does not develop well, but in reality, this movie is characterized by characters, and the simplicity of each character is the one that makes the story convincing and true. True people live in real situations, but they can do little, but they are separated. The pain in Charlie's soul is evident from the first introduction, and we grow up when we learn more about his character. Like an onion folded by Sandler in a bad way? a layer of lightness and weight combined at a time. It is thinner than you are when you are watching the screen, and it goes inside your head. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is equally subtle and much Don Cheadle. It's always easy to see, when Cheadle's talking about his real actor skills on the screen is clear. Relationships with the field with Charlie Fineman, as the situation requires, is tactile. Fineman does not want his friendship, nor anyone else involved in his cloistered life, yet the quality that Alan possesses is straightforward and straightforward for even confusion as Charlie. Alan, who works hard to open Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is a natural danger in the process. More Area, friendly, and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler) begins to open Charlie to attract the services, and the danger of getting on the edge of Charlie is even closer. Charlie is a whirlwind of every moment of awakening, and she has learned to drift through the mood of a single denier. He denied all that was beforehand to exist in his loss. Unfortunately, it is something that he can not deny. Sandler deeply reverberates to the pain of his character when he sees the story, when he sees his head, almost equal distribution of the pain of the tracer. Alan stands beside Charlie along this challenging process, with the risk of laughing at his perfect home life with his impeccable grace and efficacy by his wife, Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) Alan, who looks forward to rebuilding Charlie, looks inside and recognizes her own silent cries of death that once belonged to her and she was able to become a man. His award to help Charlie helps him re-establish what he has lost. Subject as much Fisher King; Another story of a man who isolates himself from the grief and loss into the madness point. Like The Fisher King, the story is traditionally summed up, there is a theme for everyone. Lydia Sinclair (played by the beautiful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows), completes a woman with Johnson's collapse and a sketchy patient. Charlie's border proof. It's a good end to the story, but one thing is really a call to the truth. Again, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
