Hollywood's comedian actors astonish me as a dramatic performer: First, Robin Williams ("One Hour Photo (2002)"), then Jim Carrey ("Eternal Sunshine ??"). (2004) is an "example", followed by Will Ferrell ("More Strange than Fiction" (2006)) and now Adam Sandler. Yes, this is completely right: the man who is totally mindless, goofball comedies {I do not complain; I've always been a fan), finally, gave me a performance that can be proud of me. Certainly, some readers may be wondering what happens with Punch-Drunk Love (2002), but I can only assure you that this is a movie I've been taking to see in the shortest possible time. terrible. Director Mike Binder's first film, 'Guilty of Me' is a clever and esteemed discovery of sadness and friendship. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful stomatologist, because it is sometimes overwhelmingly familiar, but the predictable storyline is strikingly deep and moving, Sandler and Don Cheadle also make memorable speeches. <br /> <br /> With a good family, she could not communicate with her husband, Jada Pinkett Smith, and therefore trembled for a little. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's old college-guesthouse, which lost his entire family on September 11, 2001, and still feels great sorrow. Charlie has left his career in dentistry alone and listens to music alone, listening to music from the outside world, playing around the Manhattan, motor scooter, fantasy video, with an ugly and hollowed figure (often referred to as Bob Dylan's look). playing in his games, his wife rebuilds home kitchen according to the wishes of the latter. When Alan and Charlie first meet for the first time in the year, the latter knows an old friend, and has completely abandoned before he lost his life. <br /> <br /> In fact, it does not accept the existence of the family, and loses itself sharply when everyone offers to consult. <br /> <br /> At first, it may seem a bit caring for filmmakers. September 11 attacks as a storytelling device. Afterwards, if Charlie's family died in a normal, daily car crash, would it be terrible? However, if you think that the director's intention is to show the great pain that ordinary citizens have to deal with with tragedy, then "Headquarters Me" is doing a very good job. It's not easy to get these senseless statistics, but you've forgotten the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; This saw the first 9/11 movie I was watching for the suffering of those who did not really love them. Adam Sandler, a striking figure, plays a difficult role, indicating that he was not in office. Charlie Fineman, who is instantly caught between compassion, anger and depression, is a person who can withstand a deeper endurance that can illuminate his light at the end of a dark, depraved tunnel, accompanied by an old friend.
