<br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family to the terrorist attack on September 11, still faces death. He includes Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) in a former college guest room and renews his two friendships. Alan promises to help his former spouse deal with the horrific loss. This is the simplification of the main story of the ruler over me. <br /> <br /> This film is a life story that we aspire to our life when we can become weak. The area was stuck in a life he knew he would not be done anymore. She feels friendly and keeps in touch with her reality. He can not communicate with his wife or colleagues. They can not express their feelings and eventually have lost their world and feel distant. Managing the job, he gives Charlie the chance on the streets of Manhattan. Finally, he meets and finds that Charlie (who first does not remember the Area) lives in the wrong reality. Charlie returned to his life for a while when he was not a family. He lives as a student who plays vinyl records in the 60s and 70s and plays a video rock band. He fled from a better and safer place in his life, and there were not bad guys there, and there was little to lose. Everyone in this movie is affected by the tragedy that affects Charlie and remission of a different and better place. His host is his patron and great opportunity. Her father-in-law was taken out of her life because her family was now out of her life. As a means to get out of the more overwhelmed reality, the domain has a lot to do with it because it wants to be an autonomous wish to escape its reality, and then she wants to find a way. Charlie helps save her guilt and her loss of dependence. Only through this relationship can Charlie begin to heal himself, and Alan, in fact, learns to communicate with those who work in communication and can eventually admit to his spouse. she conveyed her real feelings, but she loved her because she loved so much. The film actually hit the fan and Charlie said that Charlie, he and Alan, talked about the situation on China and that it was not true, "Actually, Alan was not concerned about it. <br /> <br /> If this movie allows you to do so, you will laugh at how he uses his words to make a comic statement about a real situation, like Charlie's really like in everyday life.I will leave you on the edge of my tears (in my true tears), Charlie faces his grief and his his tragic reality is that his guilt and loss have never left him and he has been dealing with him in the only way he knows - this actually curses the cold, dark actions of a young prosecutor who wants to win the "job" I'm really Charli This is an old and wise, strange ruler (Donald Sutherland is good with his short distinct role and since the appointment of Assistant Attorney General in connection with the absence of Wilford Brimley Malice, the most wise and bizarre person in the legal profession good job). <br /> <br /> The film was also nice to me for a few other reasons: (1) did not look at me during the show. It means to me from beginning to end, (2) Although the rubble is a nation, it does not matter to the role of the characters in the film. The race was a factor in the performance of the roles in this film. Unbelievable people actually realize this truth! and the only true reference to (3) 9/11 is to refer to Charlie's financial agent's tragedy of Charlie's loss, "What is it? The future will be a real test of how this film will come to an end, but the purpose of a movie is not just to relax, If I were to stay with you for a long time after leaving the theater, it would be too much of a panic to worry about me, and I still have not forgotten the movie that provoked this beautiful thought and would look forward to the day I could get it on DVD.
