My success is due to Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle's powerful work. Comedic is seen as somewhat distraction while dramatically moving the player, Sandler plays a more serious role, it's a strange one. Most of the characters he describes are unstable temperatures and have a weakness that can explode at any moment. Even these characters can be even typecast for characters with hidden anger problems. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) flies to her old college-room, Charlie. Finerman (Sandler), who has not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie was exposed to the heavy loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie recognizes the character of Chadl as a result of the pressure of the memories and the recurring lifestyle of the child after the accident. Alan is not the only one that Charlie remembers. Their renewed relationships will allow a friend who is not talking about the loss of Finnman, and will ultimately be able to resist the thoughts and feelings that overwhelm her. Although Mike Binder is a writer-director, Mike Binder does not show much of the individual style, and some shots and shirts are somewhat calmer, and he has the ability to succeed with great performances when he is a talented and funny writer. This film was pulled by a digital camera because today, a group of filmmakers allows you to capture night scenes with limited lighting. <br /> <br /> This keeps New York's colorful roots in focus, but often creates a digital grain that resembles blue scattered and moving blue shades. performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith, and especially Liv Tyler, are remembered for their role as Chardin's character and psychiatrist as an unfaithful spouse. However, Sandler and Cheadle are the ones who have done so far. They had absolutely this movie. Sandler plays a character written in Bob Dylan-esquire wig, which does not really resemble himself or behave like himself. Although Cheadle's character has more display time than Sandler, both of them have the same role and support as the movie. Music also plays a major role in this film, especially the title song "The Power of Me" or "The Love, Reign O'er Me" and then by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler using music to cover his emotions and memories, but this reduces the content of his song, but rather increases his emotions. All this is a surprising, sad, but often funny movie that I'm falling in.
