Love hurts. In my opinion, Mike Binder's latest film brings you the key message I've been facing. It is painful when you reach the point where your love relationships cause stagnation or anger over your love for years, or when your heart is unable to open the world. But something great about this movie is that it is trying to go through a past heart failure, but not in the description of these missing souls, which later cause the new bonds to resume. Nobody is perfect in this drama; all these feelings have been severely corrupted in their relationships that they can not free themselves from. There are some serious issues here and give credit to entertain any serious political issues, but instead give some credit for entertaining serious moments with some realistic beautiful comedy bits that make the miracle a character-based and smaller episode compared to the episode. According to the idea of ​​how he influences us on 9-11, he reads a story about two men and this is the only thing they can share with their lives that can save them from depression and regret. br /> <br /> This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I love to think for the first time that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, is the kind of thing that a child's pent-up anger can use dramatically in foolish comedies. The inability of a character like Billy Madison allows laughs and splendid humor, and can be used to show the world a tyranny around him? from his shell. Anderson Sandler's only masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder took it one step further. Sandler plays an old dentist, Charlie Fineman, and his wife and three children were killed at one of the planes that left behind the World Trade Center at 9-11. He crushed every life that he knew, and eventually he began to believe that he could not remember everything that had happened before. He actually presents a moving portrait of a person trying to open up to what's happening around him, to those who love him, and to the reality of what has happened and what he will do in the future. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> Always an outsider and ready at a time when something is mentioned in a hurry reminiscent of the memories of his family in his arms, connects everything to avoid being overwhelmed by the iPod and headphones. <br /> <br /> About me is not about Charlie Fineman, but about Alan Johnson, a dentist and family member. A man who has inherited a monotonous marriage and dental practice needs a lot of help in Johnson's life as an old college guest room, Charlie. Always played perfectly by brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his hip to try and change his life. He has no friends and when he sees Charlie accidentally, his life becomes something that he has not felt in 15 years. He welcomes the chance to go with his old friend, despite his family's death. Chad's character wants to go back to college, Sandler cries, because he's meeting with his wife. Despite the years of loneliness used to manage their lives, the two men acquire what they want and allow themselves to get closer. <br /> <br /> Military operations against the people living in the Caucasus continue. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an admiring actress and has been playing hard as a beautiful nail in the movie, but this is really the case with Cheadle, which shows me something different and right. The scene is somewhat far from his own psychiatrist as Liv Tyler, but the film calls it to this fact and makes it a perfect, uncomplicated cast, and many smaller communities are also effective, even as writer / director Mike Binderin plays Sandler as his old friend and here is my once-in-a-lifetime feeling of the need to name them in opening credits as an actor everywhere, considering that it is a movie.) Not the last but not least, Saffron Burrows, a great actress and love who wants to combine his life with a devastating divorce. <br /> <br /> Binder is the best dramatic character I've ever seen before The movement is almost perfect (the ambition of the front and sequence and the amazement of the characters really hurt me at first), the perfectly functioning story, and the story that was related to her, was a good way to go straight or to the end. Even music was fantastic and developed to emotionalize us (Why I feel I need to use Eddie Veddar for the last Edge Veddar after two great use of Binder's titulus songs), but, unfortunately, it sticks for me. Reign Over Me is a movie about love, and it can save us from the regret even though it can cause the worst possible pain and again to look at the world as a place of beauty and hope.
