When the movie hit you in a weakening atmosphere and captivated by stunning cinematography, you know that you just run into a masterpiece of a movie. Although it is extremely enjoyable with some of the most up-to-date movies, some of the most shocking people in the center of attention are the strongest and most critically acclaimed and most of all stay with you all the time. I'm proud to say that I'm a fan of movies, I'm not afraid of movies, but I love movies. Films like Slimming and Lost are the ones who send down a cold on their waist, giving you "sacred ridiculous ideas" that can happen to me, and in a visual way, as if in a movie I love some of them. When I was only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors such as Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight, and Ned Beatty, but when I met them, they did not grow up and continue as actors, now Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. After a long surprise and first-time salvation, I was amazed at these veteran actors for more than 30 years and still live in contemporary movies. Burt Renyolds plays a mausoleum Lewis, a leader of a group of four friends on a canoe tour in the imaginary river in front of a dam, filling the whole desert with water. Renyolds' character is an experienced adventurer, no nonsense, and full of maksimoda. He showed him a violent man, and I thought him differently as an actor because I saw him as an old man or angry politician. The dialogue that the director provides for her character is enough to prove her as a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty, as novice adventurers play Drew and Bob, join the fun of a canoe trip. The actor I was looking for was John Voight, once again I saw him as an old actor, but unlike Renyolds, I really liked Voight's player (I say Anacon when I say that), for example, national treasure films. Voight, like Lewis, plays Ed, who is experienced in adventure, but a more protected character, Ed and Lewis, who is regarded as a reluctant hero / leader. The film opens to a small town with four drives and asks for someone to take his car to the bottom of the river when opening rivers and camp canoes inside the river. As a flawed child who plays the role of "dueling banjo", starting with Ronnie Cox's character Drew, you will immediately get a creepy vibe from the hillbilly symbols we present; and more than two mountain boys in films, the main and worry-aggression scene. As with all the atmosphere movies, from now on, it fills in fear and confusion and the audience, and we see here to shape the symbols and change the shape. The following canoe trips are adventurous, and here men are fighting for the survival of man and nature. The film does not leave the film, and I return the description of Ed's composite coastline, which is about the incident. Ed tells one of his arrows that his enemy is approaching him, because when he falls on a boy's neck, he burns his rifle to hit his place; The biggest kinematics shot I've ever seen in a movie was possible. Removing, Salvation is a film, fear and atmosphere have this mood and it remains one of the best films in history ever since.
