Rescue is a kind of staggering tension when it is thrilled as a good tension, but it should be frightened by ghastly. Though it's a fear film, it's horrible as any classic horror movie. It's the worst nightmare of the world's population, 99.9% of the world's population, to think of being a normal red-haired man, to be captured and burned by only a few violent hillbillies, while enjoying an adventure weekend shaft from any civilization. It would have been easy to slip into the exploitation of the savior, but John Boorman missed out on a route and made a film that investigated the meaning of masculinity and made a series of questions and problems. You have come to a place where you want to go to heaven with a lot of movies, heroine shoes to fulfill your heroic deeds and to save your life and throw it to the girl ... but you will never pray with salvation, praying to God <br /> <br /> Four city children - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) spend a few days in canoing in the short-term brewery in the Desert. The children break up quickly, and Ed and Bobby are mistakenly moving away from the others, so they are drawn to tea and waiting for themselves in adjacent woods. Here, the percentage of two local trees (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), which Ed tied to a tree, fell to one, pointing to Bobby's distortion of "pig-like cigarettes." Lewis and Drew appear unprecedented, and Lewis as a just archer, kills a rifle, and the other hillbilly hurries to the forest. Under great emotional stress, four rebellious people decide to hide and leave the scene. However, they see that they are increasingly dangerous to negotiate in the downstream river, and they risk increasing their lives when they open a rifle with some rocky cliff near the surviving hillbilly river. <Br /> The use of rescue is as powerful as a fairy tale, but the more powerful (and disturbing) it is to learn the macho behaviors and to stay indifferent. Although all speeches are noteworthy, Beatty's attempts to discredit a large number of actors. The film is very similar to Straw Dogs, taken in 1971 - both films are subject to terrible sexual violence in isolated areas and there is no feeling of satisfaction from the victim's victim's revenge. It is beautiful to look at the background of a solid village in Liberty, but four canoes are added to the hillbil and place in the mercy of the landscape, adding to the tension, not belonging to anyone. This is really the best film shot.
