"Salvation" is a glorious epicure of a group of contemporary men who began a canoe trip to talk briefly with nature and were forced to fight for foolishness, life, and perhaps their spirits. The film is well aged. Although it was made in the early seventeenth century, it is certainly not dated. However, the 60s have a "visceral punch" and a double status as a dramatic post, which is a philosophical-cultural shock. Despite the fact that legendary Sam Peckinpah has been there, there are very few films that have similar ideas that can be compared to that. Yes, there are many discussions and debates about the most controversial scenario of the film (I will not expand here) - it's undoubtedly one of the most controversial scenes in the history of the whole cinematic environment - but what a surprise it is sometimes to wonder about this movie. This is generally ignored (still quite clearly understood). Cinematography, which reflects the essence of indifferent and sensitive river coasts, is often completely confused and the film is in short spells, and we have squeezed the audience together with the characters themselves - with intolerable fear. 'The story of the firefighting is comfy and ridiculous and it is surprising how quickly the events occur, from the point of view of the establishment, the crisis, and beyond. All of this goes very fast, giving the film a very realistic momentum. Efficiently established through imaginative loans. Cartoons are well designed, despite the profitable times spent on the back story. We know enough of them that they will recognize them as themselves, and they will be afraid of all those who enter hell. Conflict and violence within the film do not go anywhere with a scarcity of logic. The author James Dickey's theme - any dominant romanticism related to the nature of man's "benevolence" can only be his life and death when his unhappy animal instincts come to the fore. There is no devil or bogeymen here. Predatory hillbillies - like the movie's central villains - are just raw, the terrible amoral brothers of others. They are shocked because their evil is small and strong. The movie does not have peripheral characters. All of this reflects something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of Homo Sapiens, urbanized in the late twentieth century, and all are very real and well-known. Burt Reynolds is a gung-ho and finally a deadly loyal Survivalist, Lewis, a film that is still a shame to think that dramatic glory can not be restored in the rest of his still captured-down career ('Boogie Nights' With the exception of). If you are not a Reynolds fan, trust me, you will regret it. John Voight has succeeded in its usual effortlessly and makes significant contributions to Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox. It's just a great actor quartet. To sum up, I have to speculate about the "Salvation" writer James Dickey's "White Sea" and when to do it. TTWS is an astonishing story of the survival of the American Air Force pilot after hitting Japan's continent during WW2 for those who love this movie. This is a trademark of Vickie, which is extreme extensiveness and, first of all, much more than a truly magnificent, poetic cinematography experience. A few years ago, Coen's brothers had an offer to produce it, but eventually nothing came. Due to my being a respected Coen-o-phile, he did not hesitate to think that I was getting a green light at TTWS. When returning to "Salvation", it is impossible to imagine a movie of such sincere, sad cruelty, and it is shameful. We are the public in the cinema, it is poorer for that.
