This story is explained and written and continues to portray it in every way. It is possible to imagine the story of immortal Charles Dicken. I admit that I have not seen the classic Alistair Sim version and I am sure that one day, but when I approached this beautiful eighty version, I would explode. If it were to create a story for Dikkensin's film, I would believe it would be. <br /> <br /> The story is very good, everyone has seen it in a form or otherwise. Rich, courageous, say the old man, by visiting his former partner Ghost, warns of its midway paths. Three corpses visit the soul to correct it, each of which shows a different perspective of his life and people associated with the past, present, and future. In the end, when he sees all this, he takes a great deal of error in his ways and is punished for all his mistakes. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely perfect for this role. He takes on the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes himself an incredible character. He is not just an old man, but a person who has been affected by certain circumstances in his life that has bitter and furious with the world. There is compassion inside, but it keeps everything below and attracts much. When it comes to Scrooge, Scott provides the role of perfection. <br /> <br /> Only the leading role is the creation of this film, as well as the fulfillment of everything. This is a great epic of Victoria in England, Dickens England is rebuilt before our eyes, sights and sounds, and almost you can feel your face and the smell of the market. Director Clive Donner rebuilds this scene in a brilliant way and leaves nothing to imagination. I watched this movie silently and was surprised by the scenery. This is not a magical decoration, but it's real. The film takes you to the top level traders market, the poverty and the most violent holes in everything between them. <br /> <br /> The rest of the stone is in line with its roles and brings its literary partners to life. Bob Cratchitt was beautifully played by David Warner and his whole family and especially the young Tiny Tim starring Anthony Walters. Each of the ghosts had their own distinct identity and this story added to the dark mood. A Christmas Carol is a lightweight story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in Britain's life, and this is one of the few really strange, few strange Christmas tales, and it has to be afraid to scare a man who has been suffering for many years. The dark feeling for the story is captured in this movie and is clearly scary and still inspires the spirits and captures Christmas miracles. The account of this movie is epic and great and it should be noted that listening to whether it is a real honeymoon or a Christmas music is everything. As you can see, I love Christmas movies because everyone sees this Christmas Carol above all else. 10/10
