Marie: You're all right. Dan: No, I'm not straight. I am Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are like me, do not go smoothly and alone. If you see someone you love, it's rarely possible and wants you to say something but you do not. Or maybe you say something, but perhaps it ends up being the most intelligent thing you've ever said. More often than not, you are looking away and you have to deal with what you most agree, the only way to go anywhere in life. a risk. You can not blame a man because you're a little scared. Maybe it was too heavy burned or perhaps trying to turn all his energy into his career. There are some situations, some of them are missing, and all of this can be interpreted as a pretext. You can say that you do not need yourself, or it's not the right time for you, but you still want to be. It is not easy to digest it in any way. I know? Yes, if you think a little bit, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, a new comedy by director Peter Hedges, must be one. <br /> <br /> The name of the sea, Dan Burns (Steve Carell), is an advisor columnist who admires his ideas. balanced, fulfilling, and moody life. The film lost its love and affection for four years before Dan's waking up. After this tragedy Dan left his three daughters alone. It was not one of Dinner's priorities to focus on his career. And so the part was more functional. Dan, out of sincerity, knows what it means to be closer to one and to resign himself without knowing it again. That is, he met Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and until a quiet morning opened the Connecticut store. They are interconnected, casual, comfortable, and they protect both. There is really a problem. He is already seeing someone. Unfortunately, someone is the brother of Dana to everyone, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family came to their parents' countries for their annual visits, and Dan had to spend the weekend nudity and longing for the sadness he had with Marie until morning. <br /> <br /> For a few hours or a reminder, Dan took a long time to awaken his heart from a coma. <br /> <br /> To deal with many family members (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest in the fashion), DAN REAL LIFE sometimes goes far beyond its great goal. Hedcaklar are using it in an unnecessary way, assuming that children and parents, spiders and nephews try to take time for Dan. Fortunately, the Hedgehog Carel will carry heavy burden. It is a pleasure to watch Steve Carell's more and more input into each picture (despite the fact that there are always wrong errors that are not always random). She is a charismatic, charming, and obviously charming humorist. Like Dan, he has protected himself, is worried and scared. Carell is a rare comedian who pushes himself to find the character, not his own comedy instincts and personality. Perhaps even more important, as Dan is totally relative. He felt himself alone at the meeting, even jumping over to the suit in a laundry room where he could not remain in bed alone when he was alone as a single adult in the reunion or being confused by the kitchen. Carell Dana's heart, but also the heart of the movie. <br /> <br /> How much I love after seeing the movie, despite its minor shortcomings, Juliet Binoche? Now you want to alleviate everything, but I do not recommend it if you do not have chocolate) because I'm from my life. Do you want someone who finds someone else getting more sense and comfort than this movie? I can not say. I say that as a person who can live alone, DAN realizes in life what the surprise of life and love is and how important it is to be appreciated and loved by these moments and people. He also knows that anyone who can feel alone at any time or in a few months should be reminded that surprises are still happening at the same time.
