he is committed to promoting his commitment and a government that is struggling to recognize the need for much-needed retirement. The Riphstein's lyrical work is a sweet win for everyone who is exploited by a sexually assaulted society who, like a colonel, promotes self-dignity and dignity. Unlike the absurdity of GODOT'S TRIAL, the expectation of Colonel's retirement is hopeful and important. The two things in the film manage the Colonel who was skillfully performed by Fernando Lujan; The hope that his military retirement will come one day and that his son Agusti was killed for a noble cause is another reason for a drunken cockroach in a fake cocktail. Colonel who is unable to carry the old one and does not have to prove to the world, can do his job alone, prepare his son's coin. The police is now a warrior who can bring wealth and justice to the Colonel and his asthma wife, but his battleground is the killer of Agustin, the former owner. In a tense scene of colonial conflict between Nogales and Colonel, Nogales, a paid state agent who gives his son's killer, colonel, and colonel's full pension, is offered. But this is blood money; the authorities have written for an underground article confirming the wage earned by a monetary agent to hide the conspiracy of the soldier's son to conceal the superiority of one who fights for their political ideals and to conceal the world. With dignity, Colonel rejects Nogales's offer, takes his war horses, and walks his old legs with shame. After home, his betrayer, Dona Lola, wants to know whether both colonies are willing to give up money in hunger. In response to his constant question, "What will we eat until November (when the season begins)?" Responding to that, Colonel, "Breakthrough." The trash is the food that the poor and the defective are eating or drinking, and the colonel chooses to eat it willingly and knows that he does not sell his soul to the oppressors. Colonel is the only honor and respected person in the world without principle.
