After looking at a number of unprecedented films that were purchased on previous rental DVDs, I thought it was right for a little drama and that Sam Mendes would be better off? For a number of reasons, "American Beauty" is nothing for me, it's the darkest thing that has become one of Tom Hanks's most influential films of the last century. This is not a simple gangster tale derived from the graphic novel, and it is simply amazing to watch. Although Tom Hanks's usual allergies to any movie (though he still can not watch "Big" cats), I'm glad to give you this movie, because it's generally squeaky clean Hanks is Michael Sullivan, the father of two grown-ups, who were banned in the early 1930's. He is also a professional cunning man for Mr. John Rooney (Paul Newman), but has succeeded in keeping his job hidden from his sons. But after the elder (Tyler Hoechlin), after his father had witnessed a murder case, the couple tried to pull the issue up because the couple had to go to the pair. Soon, the father and his son are being persecuted in Chicago, a man who hit a fan (a dangerous Jude Law) waits for them. <br /> <br /> In front of this, as a pretty standard gangster film, I said that this is not really about bandits. It has a connection to the most tragic situation between a father and a child. Hanks is perfect as well as the torture of anyone who knows that everything is fine and that little Hoechlin is as good as Sullivan's son (* mouth teeth *). In all honesty, there is no performance that I can look weaker than others - the shot is quite flawless. Like the movies and suits (and often I'm not praising their dresses) with the beautiful effects of the 30s. He made a lot of effort to get everything right and paid in the summer. It could easily look at the dump - they acknowledge that it is difficult to eliminate their appearance in the early 30's - but that's not worth every loan. Chicago is particularly fascinating with hundreds of terrifying cars and full of monochrome costumes and hats. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner of a movie that has become a stereotypical genre of a movie. The law proves that the mechanical killing is almost surprising as Maguire and does not have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is dominated by noir-ish, landslide rains, and bad fuel tanks, but it is seen to emotionally and psychologically affect those who, at the very least, commit violence and killing and those who are loyal to such acts. All this is because of previous ages and previous films, but it is moving away from the past and updated with a controversial story of Tommy-Gun shootings and extortion rackets. You may feel a little slower in the places, especially when you are accustomed to massive gun games in movies like the most modern audience (indeed, like you), and sometimes words can speak more louder than action. Mendes, the Oscar-winning debut, delivers a beautiful follow-up to a clever movie as well as watching. The "Road to the Road" can not be a taste for everyone, but this is not a DVD, I will not be replaced soon.
