He could not have been happier than I was through a severe pain in the house and in the theater. The "Road to Disaster", directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is one of the greatest films of all time. Perhaps I'm just old; Perhaps I have repeated repetitive topics again. But this movie is really different. The story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr, faces the sea, thinks of her father's heritage - one of the best men to live, the worst. This duality is eroded throughout the film. The story is Rooney, now a personal "Death Angel", who plays a role in the murder of a murder boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks). Rooney is bound by blood to his son, but is related to love and devotion to Michael. Talking about the stories he read, Young Michael Jr, who stole a night in his father's car, runs "working" with Father Connor Rooney, the family's "business". Connor allows the situation to end, and only involves a criminal offense - witnessed by Michael Jr. Young Michael did what he did not see, the conspiracy conflicts with the conspirators. Soon, Michael Sr runs away with his younger son, Harley's "The Reporter," a contract killer who has been pursued by Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will give additional information to prevent potential spoilers. . But I encourage viewers to explore the many dualities that show themselves in the film: Problems between the Son and the Fathers (Michael Sr and Jr., John Rooney & Son Connor), between the world and the world, the "work" between the good and the bad, the people of God, and, indeed, between "clean" money and "dirty" among those between Hell and the rebel city. Throughout the journey, cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations for the best cinematography, 2 Oscar) welcomes the visual glow: the rainfall from the feds, the mirrors (especially on the doors), shadows tommy-gun flashes no sound. Only 75-year-old Hall, perhaps, has produced the best cinema of his career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman has proposed one of his best performances. <br /> Be old. But I've seen a lot ... it's fresh and invigorating. The guiding path presents a respectable and loving reverence for the dark genres, the 40s movies, the dark comic book figures hidden in darkness, the respect for the world movie and the heroes. Go, look!
