Dickens's 1984 version of the classic "A Christmas Carol", by Ebenezer Scrooge by stars, directed by Clive Donner. In the process, the filmmaker was to take the materials that he was familiar with, and to look again and again with freshness; and, fortunately, I must say that this film Donner has not been met with difficulty and has overcome any expectations. He tells the story in a sensible and detailed way and says that there is nothing less than his actors, especially Scott. In 1956, Scrooge, one of the most well-known literary artworks created by Alastair Sim, was able to defend the exact picture. but here with his performance I think that Scott achieved this difference. There is such purity and honesty in Scrooge that Scott finds it difficult to think of another's role after seeing it; simply puts it, it is Scrooge. And what a visit to such a gift actor; so to get a well-known figure and make a miracle in itself. An actor is a good way to show his trade in a good way, to convey truth to every single word, and to really make it a reality to enrich all of them. <br /> <br /> In the fourth era, so far it has become one of many countries. Frank Finlay, James Marley's Life, is not as memorable as "Alec Guinness" (like Marley), known as "Scrooge." Angela Pleasence It is a delightful view of the soul, as Edward Woodward is magnificent and dark and completely convincing of the Spirit of the Spirit of Christmas <br /> David Warner Bob Cratchit is right-handed to the right brand and brings the sincerity of the roles that have a good impact on the standards. and Susanne York and Mrs. Cretchit, both of which are the real boat to be found here, as well as the performance of young Anthony Walters, younger than Tony Tim; <br /> <br /> Among the most prominent supporters, Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, Caroline Langrishe, Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan) A flawless presentation, this version of A Christmas Carol asi, sets the standard that all others need to win, regardless of the number of versions you watch, just like watching it for the first time. And forever, when you think of Scrooge, the look that your thoughts will be is from George C. Scott. A thoroughly enjoyable and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual table of holiday holidays for every home. I appreciate it 10/10.
