Wow ... Wow it was one of the best stories that gave me the chance to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, one male and one son, are instructed to engage in curb-boards and warn both of them that they are falling every summer. Father, Genma, Panda drowned. And 16-year-old Ranma, the spring of drowning girl. Now they are crammed with cold water, and they are buried in spring. No, this is just the beginning. Despite being one of the most powerful teenagers in the world, Ranma has to deal with horrific martial arts teachers and hundreds of erroneous art styles, cunning dignity, and the right and left of rivals. An agreement with the Ranma must be settled in a way that begins or ends with the "release" of loved ones. And while talking about your loved ones, I lost track of a boy or a girl's love for Ranma. And once his fiancée, Akane. <br /> <br /> She is committed to the first few episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is beautiful. I have never come across such a strange, strange thing ... since ... from this world and still to the world and to godliness ... I can not describe it exactly. It is easy to access only one charming story. That's similar to me. Once I laugh so much in a sack and do not need to try any stunts that you can do in Simpson or in some sort. I read any part of the comedy and laugh from beginning to end. Something else is a symbol. You would think that Ranma could make it very powerful, but there is no problem ... Every story throws a story, it does its best to survive half an hour, and its identity is a foolish child. Apparently, when the worst situation is bad, that calculation may be. Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​deviating hundreds of distortions in the show, is hurt by everyone in the city, more than the worst deviation from Akane. Her father, Genma, would you like the horse's character to fit in the background? True! But if he was at one point in the spotlight ... he just gives him more reason to hate her lover! Do you know the worst nanny of anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga is probably one of Ranma's greatest competitors and my favorite character (next to Ranman) ... and probably one of the only people to really stand up. Most likely, the most powerful character in the series, but there are two shortcomings, one of which is a curse that transforms it into a baby pig, but its worst sin is the lack of direction! <br /> <br /> You know, we can take all the characters, hours on the computer that tells the story, everything is positive about it, but it's just meaningless. <br /> <br /> T, NOW! You will not regret it! For the first time I come to check my difficulty. I like anime, but I've had some trouble taking the series at a good price. And does not look like a small nitpick, humor anime and manga translation. In my opinion, the funny looks more caricaturized for me. But both ways win! 10 to 10!
