Sure, I took Ranma 1/2 around twelve. She was in the library and searched for a hopelessly good thing to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and saw this book. When I read some of my first few chapters, I really did not know what was going on, but I knew I loved it. I even invited a couple to read at home. Certainly, I'm not going anywhere. And then, for about five months (before I'm 16 years old), my friend watched some of the anime series, and I remembered it about Manga. I could not remember why he was called, but the writer recalled that Inu was the creator of the Age of Life Rumiko Takahashi. I made a decision to googled it and then watch all 161 episodes. I was a little bit overwhelmed by the 1990's, but at the end it was not really important. No one is so laughing at me and I'm not back, look again. One day I watched 45 consecutive episodes. I do not know how to do it ... but could not stop it. Finally, after about two days, I was drowned. I even slept - it sounded like - about watching Ranma. I've never been so pleasant to me, very funny, and a hearty number to watch. So far, the 161 episode is not enough to please me. Of course, the end of the cliff was enough to go to the servants, but the series was enough to keep me from reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and her father, Genma Saotome. INTENSE battle artisans. They are very strong, they went to ancient education in China and "came to be cursed". The sky was filled with springs and if you fall into one, you get the drowning in the place where you bathe in cold water. For Genma, this was a PANDA and a girl for Ranma! This is a very funny fun loving story. Besides, Genma promises that her friend will marry one of her daughters, Ranman Tendo, to survive. 'It encounters something in the course and hates its feelings and feelings. Certainly, they are like one another, but only two ways to accept it. However, Genma has a history of this. She promised Ranma many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's joke, hearty, and beautiful all around.
