Despite being too far from my expectations, I was struck by the Dog Bite Dog. I rented it without knowing it, but in essence, I was expecting it to be a martial arts / action movie in the tradition of a standard Hong Kong action, a loyal adherent. It ended up to get something completely different, and that's not a bad thing. The film can be classified in such a way and, of course, there is a good movement and, of course, to capture battle scenes in the film, this is not necessarily a major focus. <br /> <br /> Film shoots and movies are an unusual thing. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised about the character and character relationships in the film. Edison Chen's (really good-looking) mainstream imagination is extremely complicated when I watch the first thirty minutes until the end of the movie. The heroes of the police were thoroughly up to my expectations. In fact, the sincere and honest portrayal of the rarely seen dark side of the police was my favorite feature of the film. I say Dog Bite Dog, that bad accusation violates the typical concepts of the police, but it surprises them in the often-seen ways in the film (unfortunately). Many films, especially those in Hong Kong, have been portrayed as describing the police as being an ideal illuminated ignorant. This is one of my favorite things about the genre. It was a pleasant surprise to see that Dog Bite Dog really is a very unique and really brave idea to present on the landfill. This film has some discussion areas that I've never seen before, and I'm sure I'm going to see it again and I'm sure I will remember for some time. Also, as the murder symbols seem to have an interesting perspective, there are many documentary documents that Cambodian boys will fight each other to kill each other, and I thought that the film's most powerful and moving moments. These guys are not just condemn them, they are their way. Also, the relationship between Chen's character and his relationship with the girl he has met in the courtyard shows a lot about his character. This feature came into my mind when I started looking at the movie as a romantic experience, not just a visceral one. There is something in the screen relationship that will not come to me, but for some reason this is true. The player did not think easily and did an incredible job with this role. Dog Dog Bite Dog is, unfortunately, unequal, but has really breathtaking cinematography. Particularly in the last part of the movie there were a few moments when I found it really strange, but there was only a good camera job. Another slight problem was with pacing, and I felt uneven. I've found a lot of scenes to look for a boat to get off a bit, but then it's quickly chosen. Movement scenes are short and not too abundant, but they are really powerful and effective. War choreography is not true for most, but its credit is very strong and realistic, but its true strength is emotional content behind the battles. <br /> <br /> The latest scene, despite the surprise of military craft or war choreography, is one of the strongest recent battles I've ever seen, and I've seen some martial arts films. <br /> <br /> I suppose that the biggest determinant factor that a Dog Bite will get more than a stain is whether you have contact with the character. All of this is part of a number of flawed characters that can be seen in any movie, but there were so many people that I could not help, but I really felt for them, and I really feel that Chan's girlfriend. I would like to say that most people do not doubt that the film is so popular that most people do not like the characters or do not care about them, but still offer them the same way. This is a really dramatic and effective film, if you give it a chance.
