I should have been flat - I've seen a solid film like DOG BITE DOG for a long time. I was a great fan of the 80s of the CATIII films in the mid 90's and heard that the film's style was a little bit like this, and Herman Yau's GONG TAU (I did not see it ... ), and I was more interested in hitting one of these new wave CATIII movies. Has this movie suit my expectations? <br /> <br /> The story is not the fashion I imagine. <br /> <br /> The story is a young, veteran, capable and virtually unobtrusive mission with a somewhat incomprehensible history in Hong Kong. "Due to some failures, it is determined by a quick snapshot (like a sensitive person the same characteristic), and was quickly captured.This does not last long, but escapes from the ordinary killer's captives and often encourages the local police that he should not be taken lightly, and the police and the "fashionable dog" a cats and mouse game, and a Mad Dog, slowly joining a negligent relationship with a young woman, and helping to create a relationship between the latter and a sticky situation.The only purpose of Ante Mad Doug's to return to Hong Kong through the United States and return to Thailand and the police try to get him to the right ... <br /> <br /> I do not want to write ten paragraphs of this sophisticated and comprehensive film, but I do not want to go too far. I think. When comparing old CATIII movies ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some severe moments that remind you of "good days", but it is never as frustrating or terrible as older classroom classics like the GAME STORY or DAYS. DOG BITE DOG is a much more thought-provoking and versatile production where many of the major intentions of the old CATIII films are "shocked" (though I'm not getting anything from the CATIII movies that are so brave). .) This movie is more emotionally charged than exploitation, and as we get more information about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to communicate with both parties. Because Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, there's really no "good" and "bad guys" and the police stoop extremely unusual ways to try out the body of the murderer. This film has no nudity / gender, which is the typical characteristic of the old CATIII films. Personally, I would compare the DOG BITE DOG to MR Park for SIMPATHIYA more. VENGEANCE or possibly Pang's brother BANGKOK is also dangerous, and these films blended extremely emotional overtones with strong and intolerant motion and violence. Again, there is a lot that I do not like about this movie. Acting is dead, cinematography is sharp and good, and the whole film successfully blends many different elements in a very common way. The "revival" of the CATIII film - this movie (and others like it) - is not exactly - this is a very tough movie that is absolutely worth checking ... 9/10
