Those who are familiar with the Asian cinema know that Japan is well-known or notorious because hyper-violent films and Korea now rely on credible cruel films. Dog Bites Dog is not the least unlikely to be harmed by hyperlinks like the most difficult Miike movie and some of Korea's more ambitious efforts, and it's all brilliant with its brands of cruelty. The film's biggest strength, like the great efforts of Japan and Korea, is not to be influenced by the film, but to develop symbols by putting forward the story. The two main heroes are also incredibly brave people with their own motivation and romanticism. The nature of Sam Lenin, for example, is very unusual and slowly and definitely, in the middle of the various encounters with Changun's character. It does not have to worry about this part of the story, it has a morally unclear nature of its father. On the other hand, Changun's character is characterized by the most perfect instincts, or lack of perfection, with miserable productivity. Surprisingly, Chan's story reveals a side of the nature of the animal we forget, many of whom have natural ability to recognize a broken animal (and nothing is not about Sam Lee, but Pei Pei's trash girl character). However, the first 80 minutes or more, each match will have at least one death (one or more serious ones, Sam Lee and Chang Square), one or more straight forward cats and mice off, some will die) and the fun part of the movie you do not know who will give you the movement of your hands. It's a weakness of the film. Unforunatley would be another spoiler to get into this movie, but simply to blame for putting one of the main points of the film, then the film is allowed to be made in 80 minutes, the movie continues to be longer than 20 minutes or more. Better than a 80-minute sign, and if the last move is not full of sweet music (in fact, most of the movie, if it's at the highest level of music, do not make me mistaken, and do not worry about sound effects) is still not affected by the movie. Despite the third, the worst and bloody encounter in the encounter, he has been frustrated and almost insulted the spectators' intelligence. Nevertheless, the Hong Kong cinema is still a fresh air breath, because even the bloody films of martial arts do not reach the level of cunning and cruelty, because it keeps character sequences.
