It's amazing how the writers and filmmakers continue to make good movies from one of the oldest and most used story lines in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically a mere scandal than simply a story of a brilliant criminal, compared to a single story, but Pou-Soi Cheang differs from the extremely violent and cruel film. Certainly, one of the strangest and most unhappy films I've ever seen goes to hell with constant nihilism and atmospheric air. Chan-Wook Park's revenge trilogy (possibly with the exception of Oldboy), or as some of the events described in any other "Cat Bite Dog," as loyal and brutal. Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian murder on a crowded street in Hong Kong to eliminate a spouse of a prominent judge in a restaurant. When it comes to the police, young officer Wai Pang suddenly finds out that she is running away from a crime scene and following her. The first confrontation between two missing dogs results in a very large bloodstream because Pang is ruthlessly plundered, and even Wai kills his friend and colleague for a long time. Then begins a thrilling and full-fledged cats and mouse play between the police and the professional killer who gets angry. The latter, while saving the young girl from her father's constant sexual abuse, remains with the garbage dump. What are the backgrounds of this charming (apart from open violence) basic symbols of regular action / excitement? Pang, a cunning man, has been trained to earn and kill money because he has an orphan and a child in Cambodia. There is no restriction, no mercy, but only a word. Police, Wai, has been particularly ruthless and unusual since a drug-related incident, with her role model (police) being in a coma. Lai does not answer questions from suspects and witnesses; He begges them and is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new moons. People with severe stomach or mixed nerves are advised to stay away from this film, as the brutality and shock in Dog Bite Dog can easily cause aggression. These bloody heads and sharp edges are not the type of violence in the air, but as a type of intense and totally disturbed by people trying to crush physically and mentally competitors. Film-taking places are effectively dark and cheerful, and extremely sophisticated music accelerates the tone of the movie. The performances are terrible! Edison Chen and Sam Lee are not surprised when they look at each other as an enemy, because on the screen hate and hate are a little too legal. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and memorable movie. If you are afraid that you can not accept it, wait a few years to make sure that your inevitable American remake will be somewhat less than the premise.
