Most estimates say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. <br /> If you know Hamilton as a photographer, this movie is different and the best or worst movie depends on what you expect from a movie and what you expect. I was a little surprised. Bilitis, all self-identifying and all the young girls on the edge of one's own taste, resemble their books in a single movement, but with a plot that combines these scenes, Laura develops relationships (male-female, artist-model), concentrating on several characters, Although we see photos, most of them are good compared to the average, and their number declines. Tendres are different from cousines, but Hamilton is the only film that looks more like a movie as a moving photo collection. At the same time, it is advisable to accept a broader audience than Hamilton's fans, looking at erotic comedy (but not Germany's soft core - "Schulmädchen report" fans will be very disappointed). You will not laugh too much, but you smile (and something that is not often taken from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of women varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike his common works, this does not go away from time to time. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hamilton is still missing with a script. in their hands. Whatever the quantity of clothes on the beaches, in the shower, in the lower rooms, in the gardens, in the tents, in the mirror, is its territory, it can take minutes and hours, and always feel the eye of the artist. But when it comes to providing us with everyday life, it stops becoming Hamilton and becomes only a moderate manager of the script. Hamilton is best known for his nucleus, but they are part of his work. And the Tendres cousines have a reverse situation: the girls are not the best shots. Nature, garden, home reminiscent of Hamilton's work (often neglected), although the girls are naked, there is nothing special to offer us. Maybe Hamilton was mixed with a boy in front of the camera, perhaps thinking of a line that would be taken by censorship, perhaps trying to do something really new (nobody dared to say it), but he praised much for what he did not neglect.
