I love David Hamilton's feminine female photographs, sometimes erotic but never pornographic. Others liked it because my David Hamilton books were stolen. In one book there were several pictures of the young man, naked, naked, and intimate, old woman, naked. Although there were separate, there was strong sexual congestion. <br /> <br /> <strong> David Hamilton has proven that a new terrain or film shot Tendres Cousines movie or perhaps a shot of photographs. <br /> <br /> The art of photography is, unfortunately, not automatically turned into cinematography. Soft focus goes beyond focus and individual angles are blurred, perhaps not considered in the action. You see or miss yourself, and you do not have time to watch. It is possible that the film is a Persian and possibly laughable, but not "hang on one another", perhaps the story is developing very slowly and surprisingly happening. Finally, 14-year-old Julien keeps in touch with his cousin, but with a soft nucleus, he has no sexual intercourse in the camera. Since this is a speculation, we have a frustrated sister and a shy embarrassed and grasped, Julien's father even gives him a cigar to complete his practice. The film is fairly compatible with French and French filmmakers, and for many Americans, Phillistines can be very subtle to help us even with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> This film is a child pornography and, of course, comes from today's climate where children's sexual exploitation is a serious problem. No one in the right mind does not want the child to approve or expose sexual abuse, as the alarm signals for sexual violence and exploitation may not be the same as the smallest erotic content of children without activating them immediately. Kids "Happy Julien!" Although they admit that sex and the children are a "bad thing" in the movie, they still wanted to be a Julien at this time. Women can also have the same ideas, but they need to be removed from the conscious thought of one of these thoughts. Hysterically, the worst case scenarios have become automatic and seriously prevent children and gender issues. Too bad, because sexual awakening is a real human experience. Everyone grows up, grows up, and becomes sexually mature like Julien. A literary subject, which is at risk of exposure to sexual violence against children, includes movies, but taboo. Even in 1980, David Hamilton is risking to shoot a movie on this subject. It has been a little success when investigating this sensitive topic and, unfortunately, we will not look better in the near future to be scared. child pornography tag.
