The only reason I gave the reason for this was the fact that Tacashi's other kid's players playing with the players did not come to work. I think they are the right age and the ones that are affordable, but they did not train well, and their scenes were a little worrying. <br /> <br /> I do not want to criticize it according to the US standards because it is a combination of uncertainties and unconformity with the black / white / hawk spiritual limitations of the Japanese culture. US children 'films are constantly exposed. For example, when a small group of Tadashi's little friends left themselves alone and left, there is a funny moment in the past, and Shino'nun avunner makes the story of Kirin - a very troublesome Japanese adult. Silk: It would not be in the Disney movie. This picture also has the best product placement for a beer that you will see in a child's movie. <br /> <br /> Early, there is a moment when a school teacher puts a handful of violence on his head. A few years before this film was released, there was a television commercial in Japan. It was a stop-motion clay animation on a kid who was humble and playing guitar and reading blues in the room. Her mother screams from top to bottom. Then she is given a sweat bar and sings a happy melody, but her mother comes and closes it and gives it a touching seed that gives her a tooth on her forehead. I'm talking about this trade because it was funny, and when I was there, I did not object. There is more bloody and physical persecution on the screen than in the Greater Yokai War than the Disney movie. As a parent, if it were a US movie, of course, it would not be black and white, and I would be armed with such things, even if it was not a moral lesson at the end of the picture. Since I'm a Japanese movie, I admit that these cultural norms allow images and practices that can not pass through the US manufacturing standards and practices. However, we will probably be a little nervous to see young children without some kind of pre-show briefing and / or post-show debriefing related to violence and other informal materials, or they're old enough to show them.
