Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and I am happy to see one of their films. Prof. Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is about to complete the rejuvenation formula with the ability to retrace the aging style twenty years later. Ollie and Stan are the chimney cleansers to accomplish their job, and very soon Stanun wants to get away from the mistakes. He goes to the roof to help the other end of the brush on the bust, but Stan is pushing him in the living room. After breaking an extension, Stan takes a loaded, loaded gun and, of course, burns the brush. Stan looked at a look and dropped off at the attic door, Ollie, fell in the greenhouse. Stan is asking if he has been injured and just answers "I do not want to say". Ollie goes back to the roof and he and Stan end up with a draw, and drowns and dropped out, ending in the United States. There were many bricks coming from the bumper in the fireplace and the caterpillar Jessup (Sam Adams) was covered with chimney smoke, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. When he decides to clean the boys' shoes and Stan rattles the carpet, Ollie asks, "You can not do anything right," Stan replies, "I have nothing to say to me." Because they grab the backpack in Stan's ashes, they take a picture on the wall and ashes reduce the company's pants, so Stan stops another wind. Professor Noodle finishes the formula and makes a final test by changing a duck to a drop of duck in a duck. He shows the child's success, turns the duckling into an egg, and proposes to use the next human subject - his ox. When they go, the guys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Stan has beaten the tank with a tank to the water tank. Finally, once it came out, a monkey appeared, and when the monkey called him to speak, all liquid monkey said "I have nothing to say" and Stan crunching. It is a pleasant movie, with a beautiful slapstick and a black and white movie full of classic comedy. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 on Comedians' Comedian. Very Good!
