For the first time, I discovered this film for an unusual tale due to the stunningly beautiful "Les Roseaux sauvages" (Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), attractive by Stefan Rideau, André Téchiné. We were looking for similar films, the age limit has come. Then, in 2000, Sébastien Lifshitz, a nominee for the Cannes Film Festival, found us a film called "Presque Rien" which admired us. Story of two guys, one kind of "next door to a boy", Mathieu (Jérémie Elcaiam) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) who met during summer holidays. In a country far from where he lives, Mathieu lives on the beach with his sister. Here, Stéphane Rideau responds to a local, Chedric, whose characters ("Les Roseaux sauvages", aged 6 years old, through the seductive and seducer personality that keeps it still), begin with this estival and clear relationship. sweet monkey's innocence, the sorcerer grows here in practice). An example of a joyful sequence in a sincere and confident description of a boy who is faced with a sexually explicit and great love. First love, ecstasy-despair in his terrible progress. The best of the film is the best in France: a passionate passion, warm and exciting rationalism, brown beauty, surprise, and not the first anger, but a simple and natural adoption by the family. Still, the beach has bright eyes, lightness and simplicity, the freshness of the righteousness, the melody of the waves, and the expressive eyes of Elkaim (hesitation, loss, surprising, passionate). Sexual ways are inevitable and exploited without any intention of the exhibition. Thanks to the excellent talent, this is an unusual quality drama, with no cheap sentimentalism, as one of the most important young people in the absolute reality of two homosexuals, in spite of the inevitable realistic appearance of social frustration and shame. It will be especially appreciated by those who respect French films (although the DVD cover is very clever, but twelve stars, two sparkles). A movie witch, in my opinion, is worth 8-9!
