'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is a precedent of an unprecedentedly talented writer / director, Sébastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with writer Stéphane Bouquet and later Wild Side). It is much more important to understand that each of Lifshitz's works is explained in wisdom. Lifshitz allows fairy tales of fairy tales and tales to appear in their minds accidentally and accidentally - time, time reflective, time imaginable, and time only - with all aspects of the characters' answers. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (honorable and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) is on a seafront vacation, visiting for a time. his father (Dominique Reymond) was allowed to deal with uncertain diseases accompanied by secular and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by his brother Sara (Laetitia Legrix): their father remained at home for work reasons. Referring to the first moments of the film, do not just talk to someone in a small printer, watching Mathieu photos, looking depressing, watching the train. <br /> <br /> Mathieu may be thinking of a beautiful young man playing a major role in sunbathing on the beach and feeling trembling with Mathieu's confusion. Young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu's and his sister's house, and continues the mystery of attraction. Coming soon to Cédric Mathieu, a delicate introduction leads to a kiss that begins with a passionate love. Mathieu is afraid of his direction, opposes Cedric's public approach, but he continues to send it. It is very important to understand this story, because it is the love of both young people and the physical aspect of this relationship, and is shared with many erotic and sensual scenes with the audience. As Yad, Mathieu, writes on a committed student, Cédric understands that he is a drifter working on a sort of stand in a carnival. Cédric is a supporter of Dionysius, and Mathieu is in Apollo: Mathieu is excited about the beauty of the history and space when describing an architectural style, Cédric is just as interested in a new shelter for lovemaking. <br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex person struggling with critical illnesses and familial relations compressed by an unusual father, a fear of sexual intercourse and a passion for Cedric. The overtones of Chedricin and Mathieu's failure to deal with this issue are disturbed at times of joy and eventually break their paths. In time, family changes are made and Mathieu drives to depression, including a suicidal attempt. In one of Catherine's former lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund), Mathieu finds quite a strange way to miss all of these difficulties and find it difficult to find them. <br /> <br /> After seeing the movie, the sense of acquaintance with this character is so strong that the desire to start the film is strong, knowing the full story. Lifshitz did not compare us with a passionate love affair with a love meditation movie and a silent film of silence and silence. All cast is superior and direction is soft and provocative. Lifshitz is one of the brightest lights in the film. English subtitles in French. Highly Recommended. Grady Harp
