Sometimes it is amazing how small and big, if you have a great budget fantasy. Takashi Miike has shown that the murder / yakuza genre might be beyond the probability (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed it, less than old adults). . But here, Miike is the first and only co-screen writing loan that she could deliver mythical fantasy conventions post-modern soup goods and CGI, a lively effect and makeup, and something more "festival of the Lord of the Rings" - an epic battle . The comparison can be very distant and wide, to be sure, and to have the most obvious, kid-like heroes as Miyazaki, a unique blend of power-hungry magicians looking for the earth's energy. The main source of the machine, the worst of the worst and most strikingly identified, are the creatures that created the vivid (or Yokai name). But Star Wars can be compared to Star Wars, especially the TGM Gungan fight, and the power of the same forces between the good and the bad. Or for the anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, to Henson's films. And with all this comparisons and even shortcomings or excessive moments, Miike's influence and the sensitivity of the characters are all the way. <br /> <br /> Here Ryunosuke Kamiki plays prototypical child Tadashi with sensitivity and sensitivity to anything in the world, but will be a hero in a dark world. Giant robots with only one mission - to destroy and kill something in a dark man's world, from anger and unhappy vibe, and the evil wizard who sends spirits and other creatures to the fire to burn them. Tadashi once captured Sato's main minion and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill's Chiaki Kuriyama, another great poor), and Tadashi's little fur wife, Sunekosuri, as he won to fight Sato's magic against Sato. Soon, many others start taking into account many fantasy films and stories, but can be kept up to a point by Miike and his crew. I will probably recommend the Great Young War to children, but I would like to note that this is not a fantasy in American circles. It has a one-eyed umbrella stand and a living, including a turtle, a talking wall to talk about a turtle, a firefly, and a woman cursed by Sato. Thus, the variety is extremely high and almost feels like creatures and effects. This "festival" reaches the heights that can not reach the hit when it reachs hundreds of kilometers covered by Yokai. There is also a strong sense of fantasy in the light and darkness, and Sunekosuri is perhaps the largest emotional tool in Miike's disposal (not just for sharpening squares); Have you ever found another place to get more spectacular bulk goods that ended in a tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of competition? <br /> <br /> Along with this, the concept of anarchy, which can be found in the most brilliant points of Miike's career, here also separates itself from animation, Muppet and fantasy colleagues. There is always a strange humor, as well as a song dedicated to Akuzi's pals, at an altitude moment, and more than a few flights (for example, a big blue-headed boy is smaller or worse turtle - Yokai). Miike's greatest danger of having great special effects and computer wizards is for this reason. Everything, I am sure, creates a memorable experience with some of the compositions (one of them is said and executed, and Tadashi and the "other" human character Tokyo CQI is sometimes somewhat unconvincing with robots, but rather a large number of ETTs and some of the visuals look weak like Patrick, like Yogay, who spoke on the big festival on the map. <br /> <br /> However, this is the Great War of Yaqai, which gives more than an excitement, strange excitement and innocent melodrama. she has come with many of the childhood fantasies.There is also traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws are always in the most luxurious and terrifying shots, but not in the best of the film, but working in the commercial environment works in line with its superiority. 7.5 / 10
