Of course, though many people are dependent on these films as "children's films" and prepared for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantastic genre, especially the children's fantasy genre, as a trampoline for a wild land with the Big Yokai War. <br /> <br /> A simple kid "hero" is more realistic than this year's annual festival can only imagine to imagine its role. Below we look forward to a hallucinatory, grotesque, whimsical and often funny journey with the world of Japanese folklore, but about having a bad villain about losing in the world. However, the villain here is not just a demon, but the spirit of hatred in the gathering of things like "use" and "throw". Using a clean hat hate / hate room, a lively Yokai spirits, a weapon and eye-charcoal chain (the video game from them, Sonic The Hedghog, <br /> The hero in this film is actually a straight man like a bunch of glasses with glasses of eyes, chatting walls, or creatures that have a soul in their lives, like most of Yokia's, they are more frequent not a kowers, but typical hero trials In several ways, this film violates the normal conventions of children's fantasy, which is the heroism of the heroes, their weakness is something that can happen almost exclusively on faith and party The slaughter of the Jewish refugees, if only one of their spirits came together and then the world's occupation of the world for a major Yokai festival ended and even dance and party. And the film does not end with all the good celebrations ending with a good fantasy, but with the final scene showing the hero's years in an old adult work, the souls that are now young will not see the spirits of the young, and then the soul that souls despair will not really die. This is the end of the Pokemon Pikachu, which is the indispensable image of the Yokai spirit, tells us not only that we have left our children, but also consumes many horrors. When people are used and thrown out of the world and surrounding facilities (almost every object in Japanese folklore has some kind of spirit) without being respected and respected, it's seen in contemporary video games it does not really matter, but in spite of our thoughts and myths, it will not really die, but deformed. <br /> This is one of Miike's first scripts. he follows his labor and I believe that sometimes there is a conceptual constraint that has been swept under the rug with the charm of his vision. I have mainly focused on the story (although many users here seem to like it), I have to see CGI's stopping the castle, animation, suit and live puppets. Most of the film has a quality of excitement and is comparable to Miyazaki's comparisons, NeverEnding Story, and Labrynth comparisons, even though this movie is sharper and bigger. Yokai is beaten, brutalized, and killed several people who believe that they have killed a few people, become a living hate machine, a kind of baby born on the face of men, and dying in a strange opening of a movie, a sex undercurrent, a boy boy sipping the face of the hero's hero, Another character that touches the puppy of a small water-borne body, like a child, will not be surprisingly long western, especially this "child's film". However, although they are small enough, it is small enough to attract the attention of minors, not to put any children in a bad state. <br /> <br /> The winners of the Eurovision 2012 Song Contest have been awarded with the "Michael" charter. a strongly conceptual undercurrent of nostalgia for the long-lasting fantasy films of a humanist and an absurd talent to them, appealing to an audience of all ages, and sometimes attracting a large adult audience brought to their children. The latter group does not continue to passively use the world around the film but asks them to respect these souls that are closer to reality than childhood. Another beautiful, funny, and really original film, a film that does not come close to the admirable director. Immediately classic.
