This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I saw it a few years ago at the Comedy Center. At that time, I did not know that it was dramatically eradicated and dropped out of the order, and just because I watched the whole series of ordinary and unobserved (thanks to the "tube series" of the Internet and thank you), I know it again! I chose the Comedy Center and chose one and two sequences to make "season" ...... and I tried to make friends and family to watch it, but no one really liked the new friends). So I did my best. Though I felt a little bit off, I still had to watch. A few years after I found Little Britain, I immediately knew that Polina was influenced by LoG from Marjorie at Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of ​​the writers who are acting in the whole show ... (not new here, flawless work has been done here). There is nothing about LB LoG! (No crime, Matt & David .... love)! This is really a dark comedy piece. Serial crime, predictable cannibalism ..... you call it and maybe it's part of a beautiful, unique TV art. Those who take their first stage are cold and look like Royston Vasey ..... You will never miss! My most beloved character will be Tubbs, but each character described has its own "charm". At least my favorite Pope Lazarous was that he appeared three or three times (clever and completely unexpected) again! It's best to watch a series of episodes that speed up sustainability, and as I said before, it's very modest to think that you're really capable to avoid watching. It's not for those with weak pals, children, conservatives, or grandparents (unless there's a quiet grandmother)! I always wanted to apologize to Red Dwarf (but not their US counterparts) to keep Monty Python to Benny Hill, British television, especially comedies, images, completely legitimate and British originality and office. It is not different from any one, which is a complete re-creation of the line between those who are funny and simply sick and wrapped. Nothing in the US television came close to this level. Television broadcasting in the United States is very sad and naked, and I will not be able to watch anything. It is a sad impression that our cable channels will not show any version of this ship (your loss, Comedy Center). Fortunately, there is something like this on the "lake" for every decade or for the return of the whole environment. In the United States, the basic cable has taken smaller steps over the past few years with more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language-safe "transitional lines", but still decided to show the real life to elderly, adult behavior (killing and abusive things like this, the same as the main show format for the past 35 years!)! Do not even get me started at US sitcoms! Wasting time and lots of money ...... Did you know that Jim was staying in the air for 10 years? 10 YEARS? Anyway ... Follow this show, give it to DVD, do what you need, and then follow your friends! You did not see anything like this. There are three specials that have not been traced yet ... I'm saving them to write to my best friend when visiting them once again. I'll be able to watch it, even if I can handle chains and trash! Lines and lines, lines and lines! Take note that three of the series have suddenly and suddenly left ... The big city has dropped to concentrate on newer characters, went laughing (thank you for bleeding hell), the subject is more bandwidth and fewer orchestras and a little story outside of Royston Vasey. Until the end of the game, the series has maintained a calm deviation that was first shown by one or two series. I think these four children can not imagine some sort of thing. Bright, reliable and completely demented. You may want to watch it again and again. It is surprising that they could end up in 5 seconds to the screen, so they could go out for a horrible cowardice and then come close to a single actor. If I did not meet any writer / performer, I would not repeat them or try to draw them ..... I would say, "Can I help you?" (They probably slapped me, so I would like them to sign a slap)! From 10 to 10
