Particularly because of the role played by Kirsten Dunst and Simon Peggy, I was looking at how to lose and divide our friends. Simon Pegg is a comedian genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and alienate? Of course not perfect, not very pleasant and funny. How to Lose and Removing Friends The British journalist who is hired by a luxury magazine in New York City, bumbling for a while, is watching the lives of Sidney Young. Great fashion Sydney enters a high society and burns bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After breaking a black container event by allowing a wild boar to spread, Sydney attracts the attention of Sharp's editor, Clayton Harding, and receives a magazine in New York City. Clayton warns Sidney that if he wants to succeed, he will have a better impression and appeal to everyone. Instead, Sydney writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) instantly insults and frustrates. He is a power writer Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson) who tries to target star customers. He is also concerned about his direct manager, Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to irritate nearly everyone. His saving grace, a rising star, Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), develops a love for her. After the time has passed, Allison's friendship can be the only thing that Sidney has saved from spiraling career. This story is very interesting and the actress was top notch with the players. Simon Pegg is still fun! Sidney Sydney is actually getting upset as an unhappy and hysterical, but later gives Sydney a real character, not just liquidity but also a root ending. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had a very nice player and cheerful scenes, and Jeff Bridges just closed Jeff Bridges! How do you not like it? He gives Clayton a very striking character, in general, I love the boy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston, were great as the player supporting. Each of them had very difficult personalities, but he did the job alone. One thing I did not enjoy was that some of the characters were of some degree. I understand that it was a supporting player, but some shots were unfounded and could give a little spice to the movie. How do you lose friends? How will your foreigners be? People will never be in the top 10 movies, even the best 10 comedies, but have a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can also appeal to you. It's definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year to loose friends and get away! 8/10
