From the 1970s, we have one of the most terrifying films ever since the fear of God: Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: Musical Adventure. This film should be used to torture terrorists to talk about their evil plans to destroy the world, and I say seriously that this movie has gone beyond me. My sister's film was in her VHS collection and wondered what kind of a movie she took with a puppet that I had come out of a big depression for little pocket-paid children. What a heck? <br /> </ p> <p style = "text-align: justify;"> The movie's 1970's Toy Story is quite funny. When Marcella left the room, Raggedy Ann, along with his brother Raggedy Andy, entered a baby's life full of colorful toys. On Marcella's birthday, a new puppet comes from Babette, Paris, France to the United States. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know that it is a puppet, but her friend Raggedy Ann is doing everything she can to make her feel at Babette's home. Nevertheless, Captain Infectious pirate misses him. Raggedy departed to try to rescue her before she discovered that Ann and Andy Marcella went to Babette. Outside the nursery in the world, both meet Camel with the Red Knight, a blue toy camel thrown by old owners and now a heartless and lonely one. When Raggedy starts to walk on Ann and Andy Camelin, he starts to follow his hallucinations and runs to a deep pit from the edge of a cliff. In this pit, they meet Jehovah, a tropical giant strange mixture that is constantly eating and never full. Raggedys and Camel escaped by the Caucasians and continue their journey to find Babette? <br /> <br /> This movie was of course anxious and, in fact, quite creative, despite the fact that it was just crying during many movies and trying to shut my eyes. On the day the films were taken by more personal and writers and animators, you can say that Raggedy Ann & Andy did this with a musical adventure. Of course, this is not the worst movie I've ever seen, but I just do not recommend it. As I was scared, I'm glad to watch it, I have to admit, sometimes that is "WTF!" The movie that spends your choice, I believe, is that Raggedy Ann does not have any problems with what I have done with me. The painting is just a plaintive creepy, just like a huge caramel tea that eats everything, laughs and kills a king, Raggedy Ann, and his brother is a humiliating thing. It's a strange thing to do with Ann and Andy and a few naked babies, and they keep track of my dreams forever with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
