For me, a few reviews have been directly reviewed for me, but for me Kali's tears are one of the tops of the 00s horror and an independent horror is a real masterpiece. The Anthology horror, the history of the Taylor-Eriksson Group, and a number of cults in India, have set out to find the latest information and healing for psychics, and this has led to bad results over the years. The bookend segments in India are made up of three stories based mainly on Germany, and are sometimes explained with pretty bad designs that result in the work of Taylor-Eriksson Group. There is an interesting structure like these things, but this is something different, as the image is carefully built to enhance the fears of movies. Bad things have emerged and the film's overall course is horrific to the patients, the storymakers and others for their own knowledge and latest therapy, and the film is loaded with powerful visual clues to the power of dark forces. time, space, and even the moody dark forces involved. The best examples of this were found in the first story of a journalist who interviewed a woman in a mental hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Eriksson, and especially his overly lazy look, and we see him healing or comforting at least one patient. Eriksson's illness is the same as the Erikssons face, one of his paintings, while completing the canvas from the art class used among the sick with mental illness, who also had the same illness. There are also references to minuscule roles, additions, and references to folklore, which add to the feelings of emotion, the spreading of evil that can be spreading to others. There are more than just philosophical aspects of the film that can only be exploitative but may be exploited, but in reality it is more concerned about the expectation of someone waiting for a film about death, suffering, and possible payment in a structure derived from Hindu faith beliefs (at least, from my research in Wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall deserves significant credit for skills in filmmaking. Although Bharti is well thought out about Indian and Panama John's music, he has a great piano quintile and has a few popular shows, Michael Balaun is a bad doctor and good as a freaky patient like Cora Chilcot. The third story also has a wonderful turn on veteran Mathieu Carrière as a religious healing. The biggest problem of the film is that it does not have much time to lose its fearless potential, and this and some other performance is taking place in a very good way. So, perhaps, the film may be possibly possibly possibly possibly followed by one another and pacing. I think that adventurous fear is a value for admirers.
