Yesterday's television was given, and I decided to check it out. It was one of the latest Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects of the old Batman animation series, then came to Jeff Matsuda and re-imagined Batman with the new Batman series, but this new Batman's story was a film about the new vigilante appearance, known as Batwoman, but Batman feels the need to stop him with his extreme methods and also works with secret Carlton Duquesne (who works with Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn down with family problems) and another assassin (later emerged in the film) in a weapon smuggling operation, Batwoman They put a grace. Question: Who is this mysterious Batwoman, and is it possible that they can be more than one? It is up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's latest operation. It is a pretty complex area for an animated film and has a serious tone, which is good. Another plus is that it looks more like an advanced Mob Boss that we all use to complete the Penguin, more like a picnic, but unlike previous designs, Tim Burton differs from the Pengium vision (sewer rats and circus freak). Although there is a love subpoppy in the film, it does not go so far, and says the movie tells Batman Forever. This functioning voice is a standard quality for direct-to-video projects (only Batman: the Phantasm mask has been on this route), Kevin Conroy still lights up as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And, as I said, they flew for a short 80 minutes, allowing a very good (and complex) story to be completed with a few small curves and belt loads. There are several downsides, but Nightwing is not somewhere to be seen, and I am sure that, despite being hit by a pair of Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne, Tim Drake (aka Robin) is a film, and for my sincerity, Paul Dynasty and Bruce Timm ' Batman Character Design (especially in Batman post-BTAS), Batman and Robin's New Adventures, are then well-established individual individually (just like the Jeff Matsuda character from The Batman). Bruce Wayne appears to be slightly reverse, and his blue eyes encourage him to look like Clark Kent then Bruce (although they resemble each other). Another disadvantage is Rupert Throne (no explanation as to why this is a contract, but it is safe to say that the rich and the part of the contract is safe) will soon remain with Penguin or will always hurt himself. this is counted several times in the movie, and you will be surprised). Generally, the best Batman animated film that is at least one rented.
