<br /> <br /> Although it's 5 years since the end of the series and WB is currently working in the Justice League, this animation is a nice addition to the video library. Why? Phantasm's Mask praises Batman's first 70 episodes: The Animated Series and SubZero praise the 15 episodes of Batman and Robin Adventures, and then commemorates Batwoman's Mystery Batman's latest 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy once again performs a performance that is nothing more than excellence and excellence. When I heard about Batvoman, I thought I was Batman's old 50 comic. But Batwoman's character, his appearance, my suit (Bruce Wayne, who inspired me to create a suit of Batman Beyond), and this movie allegedly belonged to Batwoman's path. Buy or rent a DVD if you want to know who Batwoman is. Barbara Gordon makes a kereo look and writers point out that Bruce and Barbara have something to do with what they have done in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake looks like Robin, but his role is small and, unfortunately, Dick Grayson does not have a Nightwing sign or note, so he believes he has set me up in Bludhaven (his city in his novel). /> <br /> Three suspects for Batwoman, something like my favorite Kathy Duquesne, Halle Berry, appear. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. I'm glad that Penguin was one of these, but I did not like Paul Williams replacing David Ogden Stiers. Pengy did not sound right. The same goes for Robin. The new guy was okay, but when he started to take on Valencia, he replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who sang Carlton Duquesne, is now a Joker voice in the "The Batman" series. Finally, we see that Rupert Thorne seems to have been renewed since appearing in the Gotham Knights episodes. At night John Vernon will be kidnapped. Although Henry Silvani was bought as Bane's voice, he would have been replaced by Hector Elizondo. I would only be able to use the new, frightening version of the two faces, the Riddler or the Cowards. <br /> <br /> Music score and especially the soft sound input were nice. I want it to be a noise, and I'm glad to have a beautiful and talented Cheri singer Betcha Neva in Iceberg Lounge. Someone thinks the film is much weaker than the Phantasm and Subzero Mask, the stronger and the more pleasant it is, as well as the full-length movie based on Batman's Gotham Knights version. I think it gives a good balance. At least for this DVD's talent, I propose to rent this DVD before buying it, but personally, it is worth the purchase price. I will give the mystery of the Waters 9.
