"Ice Age" is one of the first animated films produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the company's first album. We get acquainted with the main characters: a scratch called Scrat (by Chris Wedge and CAUTION: The sounds of scratch's Tom's cries of Tom's Tom and Jerry cartoons), Manny's woolly mammoth Roman Rayon "Everyone Loves Raymond"), Sid a silence called "Titan AE" by John Leguizamo) and a sword geared tiger named Diego (by Pixar's "Bug's Life" by Denis Leary). /> <br /> The film opens with Scrat, who wants to bury a dwarf, and then an avalanche emerges. We see a lot of going to heaven for the future Ice Age (Manny, who is looking for other mammoths that appear to be in another way). Sid fell from his cave and saw that his family had abandoned him. She then pays money with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, Sylvia (called by "Kirsten Johnston from the Sun of the 3rd Goya"), Siddin sounds like an orange herd who wants to move with her. <br /> <br /> Some time ago, near a human tribe, Soto (who was voiced by Goran Visnjic), a wicked sword tyrant, wants to take revenge on the tribal leader. Roshan, half away from her, kidnapped her son. In the morning, he attacked the tribe of Diego and Soto, Lenny (called by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (called by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (called by Jack Black), but ran away with the leader's wife, Rushan, to look Manny and Sidney. Finally, Diego joined them and set out to return Roshan. They are also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie, okay? Besides Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia, and Roshan, supporting the characters, including a group of wolves used by the Roshan tribe and an oily woman named Jane Krakowski (spoken by Jane Krakowski) and Rachel (by Lorry Bagley ), and Sid shows Roshan when they are resting on a bedrock bed. Incidentally, two rhinos, Carl (PDI's "Madagascar" sung by Cedric's Entertainment) and Frank (Stephen Root, Pixar's "Finding Nemo") are simple small symbols. <strong> <br /> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR>> For example, Manny speaks of his body, "I'm going!" When Jennifer and Rachel leave the tar area, Sid says Jennifer asks: "Do you see what's happening in the gene pool and what's happening?" Jennifer answers: "What do you say if you skip TAR PIT?" Rachel also slams Sid on his back. Sylvia sees Diego holding his teeth on his neck, and then he breathes his sigh, tells Diego to eat and immediately goes. "Ice Age" is not just something, but success, there are 2 sequels: the first was Ice Age: The Meltdown, which was released in 2006, and the second was the Ice Age: Dinosaurs Dawn ". It will be very difficult to wait until I see what will happen to the "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs".
