This is a document that has been removed from the fine work of a Canadian landscape photographer for many years by the excavations or excavations by the earth. Very few things begin with a large factory complex, concentrated on people who are the potential part of high-tech equipment; is not really very clear. The highlight emphasizes the greatness of the earth and how many people are in it, and how little around it is in the small yellow jacket. The film also shows a photographer working on a tall structure to make something out of the factory, and is therefore talking to the crew. This is a ruthless industrialization world. At least, knowing that these horrific images will not be offered silently, as in Nikolaus Geyrhalter's strange cold documentary about the "Our Daily Bread" film about the food industry. "Scenarios" contain images of people who clean e-waste and the destruction of a city (most of the city's really), with a single planner's trade mark, using a cup of bread bags, which means bigger. Some of these scenes could have been smashed into memories of the prime minister, photographer Sebastio Salgado, who were not content with robbery workers in dangerous and poisonous locations. But this photographer is not interested in seeing people nearby. His goal is to put Salgado and Lewis Balt's somewhere between cold, neutral, modern landscape photographs. <br /> <br /> All of this happens in China, of course, there are black and white photographer working in Bangladesh around a large shipbuilding area. Alternatively supported by music in a seductive and pressured New Age industrial style. Does the photographer have a great deal of work, or are some of them prepared by the film crew? <br /> <br /> Edvard Burtynskiy is the name of the photographer. People see people browsing their beautiful artwork - a great dramatic spot with a beautiful glow of color-coded cameras. This irony is a unique and prominent figure of Burtyński, which is largely similar to that of ordinary eyes, and it is boring and boring. He acknowledges that he does not hold any political positions. Burtynsky's works are almost all honor and therefore fraud when comparing the movie's cinematography with Peter Mattt's look of roaming eyes. <br /> <br /> Therefore, if we are closely watching, their pictures will be full of gross negligence and indifference, even though they have been carefully designed. <br /> <br /> Logical, but not absolutely happy, Burtinsky, the sound of the film, removes most of the film from various sites. Burtynskinin's "epiphanies" can be inspired by his decades of fine work, but they are not the only truths about us, how the planet is changing irreversibly; Depending on the oil that will be exhausted; China has subsequently come to the massive industrialization game and therefore burns early with fossil fuels. The interests of "production landscapes" would have been more than new ideas to accompany. The reasons for watching are two: look at Burtynsky's work and his raw materials, the places he has visited, and the charms in a very good way; <br /> <br /> Watch the scenes from the great, awesome, terrible and more terrible industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Because of the story's limitations, the idea of ​​the name "Production Scenes" is not enough. An error may even occur. There are new landscapes, but not the "production", but the product of production. 'Waste Landscape' or 'Firefighting' might be better names. For more intellectual search of this fascinous movie, there is much of this documentary; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky may be better off looking at books or exhibitions.
