What is inexplicable? First of all, hatred for this movie. Maybe it's not the best movie of all time, but give me a break, for some reason he got 11 Oscars, for some reason he made EIGHTEEN MILLIONS OF TABLES. It's a damn good movie. Which leads to another inexplicable aspect of this. I have no idea why this movie made such an impression on me when I saw them in cinemas. I tested it on TV and video and it did not affect watching it on the big screen (in fact twice or maybe three times). But this can be the charm. This film, yes, the capital of M, is an epic, a spectacle in order Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem to me a bit hokey, with hammy and excessive melodrama. Not that the Titanic has none of this. Acting was really very good. Melodrama was sometimes quite heavy. <br /> <br /> But the reason the Titanic works is because it is an exciting ride. I usually like movies that stimulate the mind, or give me a visual thrill. This movie is not exactly stupid, but it is not brain-related at all. Visual emotions are simply a means to the goal to fuel the emotions of the audience. I did not cry when my mother Bambi died, I do not react to tear squeezers. But this is a tear squeezer to the power of ten million, an emotional roller coaster that, if it were regular, would make Buzz Aldrin shout like a little girl. And I'm sure that if you see it on the video and decide you hate it and have a ready supply of cynicism, you can totally dislike this movie. But if you let this disbelief hang a little, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of doubt, you'll like it completely. And look at the ten most profitable movies of all time. Is one of them angry? Is one of them worth 1 point in 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And this movie was 1.8 billion dollars around the world. It can not be bad. Impossible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. how can anyone even consider comparing it to a spiderman? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was a total kneejerk from September 11 that made him so disgusting as he was. it's just nothing special. no one will remember it in 50 years. but I'm sure the Titanic will be remembered.
