I avoided watching this movie for the longest time. Long before he was released, I rejected him as an exaggerated, exaggerated, overly romanticized Hollywood schmaltz, and I did not want to do anything about it. I never watched it in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Oscars - though I never saw it. Then I was asked to become a judge in a high school public speaking competition. One of the girls was talking about this movie. "It was great," she said. "You really felt like you were on a ship." "Nonsense" - I thought. I shared my feelings with other judges. One looked at me and said: "You may be right, but if she liked the movie, she might want to learn more about the real Titanic. "Well, maybe," he thought. "OK", I thought "I'll see it". I did not want this - and I did not. I love it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First - directing. My player in public schools was right. James Cameron does a great job creating the "you're there" atmosphere. The joy of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Nonchalance as a message about the first iceberg; then a growing sense of panic. You do not watch it; you really feel it. Then - performances. The best results from Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - I thought Winslet was superior, but both were good. They had rich heroes / poor boys in a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, the theft of the show was Frances Fisher as mother of Rose. She was perfect as a snobbish aristocrat, and you felt the fear and disgust she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - details. I'm not an expert in sinking the Titanic, but I have reasonable general knowledge, and this film performs a great task of accurately reproducing historical details, then seamlessly intertwines them around a fictional affair. Very impressive. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and can not be done with Celine Dion "My Heart Goes On." <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the affair was perhaps too fancy, in the sense that I just disagree that Jack could have easily moved from control to first class. (I know he was invited for the first time, but it seems he is still entering the first class without being detained until he is there for some time.) The realities of social class separation were much more realistically depicted, I thought when the control passengers had stay there closed after the ship hit the iceberg, while first-class people could enjoy half-empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A small problem. It's a really great movie. I only regret that I do not see it in the theater, where I think it would be much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
