Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story on the historical Titanic scenery. The plot is simple, uncomplicated, or not for those who love stories that twist and twist and keep you in suspense. The end of the movie can be found within minutes of the film's start, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady engaged by Cal (Billy Zane). Early journey Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-class artist on his way to America after winning a ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and does it differently than the upper class, who is so concerned about his social fears. They both fall in love, and the audience sees the Titanic sinking mainly through the eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in modern times from the exploration of the wreck by a treasure hunt group that has sunk Titanic, which has just happened. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who has heard about the exploration of the wreck on television and is being transported to a boat on which searches are conducted to tell what he remembers to help in the search. She tells her the memory of the Titanic's only trip. In this way, the scene changes in Southhampton, Ireland, where the Titanic sailed April 10, 1912, Because all passengers are getting on. After another stop on the Irish coast of Titanic, he set out on a pristine Atlantic cruise to New York. Historically, the first days of the journey went smoothly, but the fictional plot of the story is being developed at the time Rose sees the hopeless entanglement of the engagement she has to the rich Cal Hockley and falls in love with the third-class passenger, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, as shown in the film, was called by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so that they could publish headlines and receive additional advertising, arriving in New York on Thursday evening instead of Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered the fatal decision, despite his thirty-two years of experience, to pull the Titanic's legs to full speed. Titanic reported that the waters in the Atlantic where they were sailing were full of icebergs, but they ignored the warnings and rushed at full speed, as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was observed. They tried to turn off the engines and turn off the ship from the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the starboard iceberg as shown in the film. The presentation of many small holes in the side of the ship and not one large wound along the side is accurate. The Titanic crew sent a help call and fired alarm rockets, as shown to 2:18, when the lights finally failed. The lights of California were noticed six miles away, but they did not realize what was going on and did not answer the Titanic's many requests for help. California had earlier tried to warn the Titanic of the heavy ice that caused them to stop traveling, but the Titanic swept them off, causing the radio to turn off in California and leave the Titanic on their own. First-class women and children were the first to be depicted in twenty lifeboats on the ship. In most cases, third-class passengers suffered the largest number of fatalities in each class, and the crew also suffered severely in this tragedy. The word for White Star Line employees and first-class passengers was considered the word for second and third class passengers when the authorities tried to get information on the sinking. In addition, the metal that was used for the construction of the Titanic was found in recent years under the conditions of severe cold, which they experienced at night when the Titanic sank to become extremely fragile. In general, the basic story is very accurate in terms of the portrayal of the events and times in which these events took place on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the movie or characters made to present the possible features and ideas of the people on the ship. The basic group of Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose mothers were fictional characters added to the story because they represent different groups of people since then. However, many characters, such as the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer Thomas Andrew; representative of the White Star line, Bruce Ismay; and all the Titanic officers were real. The maiden voyage would still be Captain Edward Smith's last journey because he planned to retire later. He was a member of the White Star Line from 1880, where he worked as a Millionaire captain when the Titanic sank. The officers' representations are accurate, because only four survived the tragedy, with the exception of the officer who threatened to kill all passengers of the ship with a pistol. He is recorded as a heroic actor and was badly brought back to such an extent that James Cameron apologized and summoned a monument in his honor in the former Canadian hometown of the officer. As shown in the film, there was a language problem between the crew and many lower-class passengers from non-English speaking countries. In addition, officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the lifeboat, as shown. Old people shown in bed, when the water entered their room, are based on Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband, Mrs. Strauss refused to enter the lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. What's more, Mr. Goggenheim, who was shown sipping brandy and smoking a cigar, apparently came out so dressed in the best way. Still, the richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, also died, but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved, and later had medals created for the crew of Carpethia, who chose the Titanic survivors from the water. Her ticket for the Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars and ended with a failure until the end of her life. All the interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced with the last pieces of porcelain and silver. The gymnasium, which is almost invisible, is perfectly reproduced with all the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs. Wonderful costumes and costumes were a perfect reproduction of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at that time virtually ruled everyone, because women's electoral movement had not yet moved. Women at that time often got married for financial security because Rose was thinking about it and usually got her husband's status, like Cal wanted Rose to do it. The rich did not accept good "new money," such as Molly Brown, as shown. Everything at that time was very formal. Women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure, as you can see in the culinary scenes. Smoking was not very common among women at the time, but the owners of cigarettes that were just emerging at the time were used just like Rose in the film. Men in the past were smoking cigars, not cigarettes. Women were physically maintained by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron did not have any experience in historical films, he brought Titanic's experts in conjunction with the two years spent on references to the Titanic story and little freedom. Beautiful cinematography and special effects have helped in an even more breathtaking movie. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic, because the people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate death. The director, James Cameron, shows different reactions to the crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and convinces you how you could react if you were in this situation on the Titanic this memorable night. In addition, this movie is a reflection of the 90s, when it was produced, because it allows you to look at the Titanic wreck. It was only during the last fifteen years that the real Titanic side was found and examined. This film has given us a deeper look at the catastrophe that many would not see. However, the moral question is whether people should take treasures from the wreckage of an underwater cemetery today. They tried to stop the quest for treasure, such as the mission presented in the Titanic, but all failed. Nowadays everyone can make a trip to the Titanic and take away all the valuable items they have presented in the film, showing the general values ​​of our time in this matter. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is very well done. To get footage of a wreck at the bottom of the ocean, twelve dives were needed to get all the material needed for the film. In addition, it was necessary to create a special camera to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to enter as far into the Titanic as he did within 88 years of the ship sinking, but it turned out to be an exceptional perspective for the ship. In addition, throughout the film, they disappear from the Titanic wreck to the Titanic scene during his actual journey. This change between the modern scene and the past while traveling is like a perfect transition that makes history easy to follow in a clear way. At the very beginning of the film, september recreation is used to recreate the scene when real people left the European coast on the Titanic, giving it a special mention from the other film events. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a real epic. Like most historical novels, we know the ending, but it does not take away the great delicacies that can be found in this picture. Some aspects of the film are Oscar material, including costumes, sound, cintematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you an insight into the lives of the characters from the beginning of the 20th century and the way they face a disaster, this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
