Do I remember this year in 1997: Clinton banned research on cloning, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlin won the world series, and the woman gave birth to septuplets. It was also a great year in the release of the Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: the story of a dream ship, a boy and a girl who fall in love, but are torn apart by their social class and the amount of their emotional engagement. I do not think anyone would expect the Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them were teenage girls, I was 12 at the time and of course I saw the movie many times. It was a movie that made me believe that the love shared by Jack and Rose was so real and beautiful. At that time, I felt that the Titanic could not do anything bad, of course I grew up and did not watch the movie from the age of 14, a few years ago I watched the movie on DVD for 5.99 and came to the conclusion that it was a good price and to see what now I was thinking about the movie. Was it worth the hype? Was this really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know it's stupid to say, but I've watched the movie again. Being completely honest, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, no, depends only on the idea of ​​a good movie, but the Titanic is delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never let us set out on this maiden voyage. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team researching the wreck of the RMS Titanic, who is looking for a necklace with a precious blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. They failed, but instead discover a drawing of a young woman lying naked in the Heart of the Ocean, dated on the day of the sinking of the Titanic. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns about drawing and contacts Lovett to inform him that she is a woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his rescue ship. Asked if she knows the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert mentions her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she is Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, 17-year-old Rose in the upper class comes aboard with her fiancé, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, who emphasize the importance of Rose's involvement in Cal, because the marriage will mean eradicating the Long Dewitt-Bukater: Rose and her mother have financial appearance while they have an external appearance of a higher class. Desperate and frustrated by her engagement with Cal's control and the pressure her mother exerts on her marriage, Rose attempts suicides by jumping from the stern. Before the jump, the tramp and artist Jack Dawson intervene. Jack and Rose make an uncertain friendship, thanking him for saving her life, and he shares stories about his traveling and sketching adventures; their bond deepens as they leave the sultry, first-class dinner in the rapport building, rich to revive the gathering of Irish dance, music and beer in the third grade. But after the servant Cala informs him of the whereabouts of Rose, Rose can not see Jack again. However, after seeing a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "proper lady" with tea, Rose opposes him and her mother, asking Jack to sketch her naked and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean, an engagement gift from Cal. After a beautiful moment spent together during the first game in the back seat, they go on board the ship. <br /> <br /> Then they witness the deadly collision of the ship with the iceberg. After overhearing the ship's observation points discussing a major collision, Rose tells Jack that they should warn his mother and Cal. In the meantime, Cal discovers the naked figure of Rose and her mockery in the safe, so he binds Jack for stealing the Ocean Heart, putting it in Jack's pocket. After learning Cal, he's going to leave Jack to die below, Rose escapes from him and his mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck. Cal and Jack, despite being enemies, want Rose's safety, so they convince her to board a lifeboat. But after realizing he can not leave Jack, Rose jumps onto the ship and meets Jack in the first class on the stairs. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats have disappeared, and the ship finally falls into the cold Atlantic, taking Jack and Rose. <br /> <br /> Is Titanic alive with this hype? I'm still saying that this is a great movie to watch, I think there was and still are a lot of hatred, who for some reason just want to destroy the movie because it won a lot of prizes and everyone was in love with the movie. But he has great acting, amazing effects, well-written story and he still looks good. I love it or hate it, I have to admit that this movie did not create too much noise just because of Leo's tiny face or Kate's incredible ability to cry at the sight, this movie is something special. It will always take a special place in my heart, it also has the fact that I saw the movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But otherwise I recommend this movie, it is great and one day it will go down to the classics. <br /> <br /> 10/10
