ELEPHANT WALK may not be the pinnacle of literature or film, but it is great entertainment in quasi-melodramatic mode. It is a story of love, both authentic and forbidden, as well as the great ambition, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous reviewer, John Mankin, asks why the main objective of the movie, the residence called Elephant Walk, should be built by the former owner, the "governor" of the late Tom Wiley, right across the traditional elephant path to the major water source, the river. The longing behind this point is that we basically miss the point of the whole center of the film: the pride of a man. That his son, played by Peter Finch, should be enchanted by the great image and riddle of his venerable father, is not unexpected, because the son was without a mother growing up in an alien jungle, only with father and noisy boys 'father' as a model to follow . The thing is that the father was a self-proclaimed man who would make nature similar to his preferences, and this sympathy was not just a tea plantation in the lands where elephants once dominated, but also that he would dominate even a large elephant bull that led the herd, thus dominating over our son and around him, so we join the story after the elephants were denied key access to the dry season on the way to the water. Who would know that this dry season will last so long and what elephants will do in desperation to get water? This is a link to the movie: what animals will do to get water; What will people do to gain power or love? Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is a huge island off the coast of India, where there is a plantation, and quickly learns that this is the true scenery of the story, not just the costs of Miss Taylor. If not for this exotic place (most of the film was shot in Ceylon), and a great "bungalow" would be another potboiler. Admittedly, the atmosphere created here is integral with time and place, because it illuminates the wealth and power of the latter, achieved by English immigrants "conquerors", which are an integral part of the British paradise. Only such wealth obtained through the use of virtual slave labor can be built such a great residence of ebony, teak and marble. You can not miss the wonderfully carved Jalees (latticed work window and door borders) clearly identified by artistic directors J. McMillana Johnson and Hal Pereira and of course made by cheaper workforce on the island. Such craft reveals the careful attention to detail that people have sought for. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the misery of time, space and architecture, there is always the charm of Miss Taylor, who marries a man she does not really know and is silently attacked by another man, the background described, and under the overriding tyranny of the legacy of the deceased man. As I said, this is not great literature or even a great movie, but it's a great show long before that date, which has been lowered by the extravagant special effects of today. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies that you want to be seen on the giant screen of the external input, not on your home TV, so organize the largest screen to see it fully appreciate its great camera performance and range.
