Scott Bartlett's OffOn is nine minutes of pure madness. This is a frontal attack of psychedelic, pulsating, epileptic lights and colors, as well as the first real combination of film and video in the avant-garde cinema. There is no history to talk about, but Bartlett uses images of nature? especially the human face and form? to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into a highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film presents the connection of humanity with its tools, its machine and technology. This topic loosely connects to the sub-story HAL9000 in Stanley Kubrick "2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)" and also in the initial sequence of Bartlett's paintings? flashing colors before approaching the human eye? it reminds Dave Bowman's journey through the Gate. Visualizations are rich in colors, confronting a mixture of sharp, live photographs and an increasingly grainy video, as if we were sitting too close to a television screen (in fact the final product was recorded from a TV monitor). <br /> <br /> It seems that there is some confusion about the release date of the film. IMDb mentions the film as a 1972 release, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation announce 1968 as the year in which it was due. Perhaps this discrepancy reflects the time between the end of the movie and the first public screening. Anyway, the visuals are clearly ahead of their time, sometimes reminiscent of a music video from the 80s, and some energetic techno songs would not go wrong! "OffOn" captures grainy, fragmented images, depicting life from a perverted perspective of a computer that processes too much information. I thought? and please, do not laugh at this free thought? that an extraterrestrial civilization intercepting Earth's television signals could very well get such a chaotic, alien documentation of human life, a bizarre assembly of only vaguely known images that could not have any coherent meaning. Perhaps in this place humanity, with all its technology, ultimately aims at the irreversible combination of film and video, purity and artificiality.
