Directed by Govinda Nihalani, this is a definite movie by an Indian police officer. It may be the first to present the harsh reality of corruption in the police and politics without any restrictions and influence on a young policeman. A man forced to join the career of a cop by the father of a policeman. I agreed that we grew up watching many good police / bad policemen videos in Hindi, but it's different. Today's generation, which grew up watching dark and realistic films such as "Satya", "Company", can be considered a worse product compared to it, but at the time of its creation. The film was made entirely out of the beats of the times when people did not pay much attention to this type of cinema, and yet, after its release, it became the most sought-after movie of cops in the classroom and mass audience. For Om Puri, this is the first breakthrough in the mainstream Hindi cinema and performed as Inspector Velankar. It is more than a policeman's figure, internalized many things that are original. Watch his scene with the father he hates and Smita, whom he loves. Smita Patil has maintained her character's dignity to the expected level. My God, what natural expressions she wore !!! Shafi Inamdar was a real discovery for me and he is a genius actor, if he has a chance, he even outsmarted Om in some of the scenes. The film is also the debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as "Rama Shetty". This is another story that he has not received such a meaty role and almost forgot today, as one of the loud villains of B class Dharmendry action movies. Watch the scene where Om once becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri), and then they both share the wine. How the inner truth began to reveal both the character and the mutual feelings of love and hatred. Two faces of the Indian Police Force - masculinity and impotence and between lies - half-truth (ardh satya)? Kudos to the touch of Nihalani. The film won 2 national awards in the category of best Hindi feature film and best actor - Om Puri and 3 Filmfare awards in the best film category, best director and best supporting actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended for all those interested in nostalgia for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
