The Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is an extremely fascinating film that is trying to portray in its uber-conventional kingdom. This is a picture of a yakuzy / triad, in which cops versus Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters participate (mainly Chinese, as the title suggests), but in his first technical "debut" Takashi Miike already establishes many aspects of films that he would do from now on. Social issues such as the trade of valuable goods on the black market, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and roots, which was especially common in Dead or Alive 2; thumbing-of-the-nose on the subject of taboos, such as gay and (satire) sex / violence against women; chilling violence in your veins. This is certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's recent films, but it is expected because it tries things you are just learning in the footsteps of programmers. It has all these features and is, like the films that will result, equally wild and sincere, crazy (in places) and sardonic in its drama, as well as solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, one of the Chinese orphans brought up in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, quite decent as an antihero / hero from Eastwood-esquire), who became a detective and the other who became a gangster or prefer to be one. Most likely, the main gang taken over by the archivist comes from Wang (the definitive punk on what the free-time gang represents, Tomorov Taguchi's performance as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who threatens even when You repeat the commandment again and again to a woman whose eye has been turned off after a fierce contract), who are an absolute type that appears almost organically in Miike's film. There is some intrigue related to the system of organ trade with gangsters, which Kiriya almost becomes a victim, and the gang's tendency to gay sex - at least one small puppet who does everything the main gangsters want. All this leads to revenge and redemption, traits that Miike and his writer are trying to imitate from Shakespeare (hence Macbeth and Wang are washing their bloody pegs over and over after some gay sex saying "they will not fall"). <br /> <br /> If it does not give the same level of emotional influence as the great Shakespeare performance, it is tantamount to the course of such a film. Miike's goals have been achieved, although they have met in his small-scale ambitions: a gangster image with additional levels of difficult family problems (the main tension between the brothers results from the profession and duty towards parents), points out the cruel aspects of underground crime and what the kingdom crushed sex, with both sexes, mines mentally in characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also includes a few moments of the classic biting black comedy from Miike's work. Some of them just need to be done with a wink at what the director does in his indignation, like a piece in the beginning with a chair crashing on the face or accidental "interrogation" when it goes into a very twisted area. After finishing the act, one of the bosses is even laughing at the loud line of a young sex slave: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough space here for the movie to be a full-sized dark comedy, such as Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there is enough to bring adequate restraint to the darker aspects of history and character. /> <br /> As the first entry in the "Black society" trilogy, as it is called, I was very impressed and it is a great quasi-phone card of one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
