The SG-1 star gates follow the Egyptian mythologies depicted in the Stargate. In the universe, the Stargate Gate was enslaved by the Goa'uld and transported to habitable planets such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, Goa'uld gathered humanity, strongly influencing and spreading human cultures. As a result, Earth's cultures, such as Aztec, Mayan, British, Nordic, Mongolian, Greek and Roman cultures, are found on all known planets that inhabit the galaxy. Many famous, mythical places, such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis, were found or once existed. <br /> <br /> Currently stargate earth gates (found at the site of excavations near Giza in 1928). They are stored in a top secret US military base known as SGC (Stargate Command) under Mount Cheyenne. Col. Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) form the original SG-1 team (several characters join the team and / or leave the band in later seasons) . Together with 24 other SG teams, they go to distant planets exploring the galaxy and seeking defense against the Goa'uld, in the form of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races. <br /> <br /> The parasitic Goa'uld use advanced technology to throw themselves on the Egyptian gods and bend over galactic conquest and eternal adoration. For the first eight seasons, Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent, ruthless, snake-like alien parasites capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species, including humans. The original enemy of this race was Lord System Apophis (Peter Williams). Other System Lords, such as Baal and Anubis, play key roles in later seasons. In the ninth season a new villain appears, Ori. Ori are advanced beings with unfathomable technology from another galaxy, also prone to galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies the departure from the main theme in Egyptian mythology to the exploration of Arthurian mythology surrounding the Ori, their followers and their enemies - the Ancients.
