I'm not entirely sure if Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "master" in the genre of horror, because he just directed one horror movie called "Wrong Turn", and one of them was actually slightly above average, but the fact is that he did with " Right to Die "one of the best and scariest episodes of the entire second season of the" Masters of Horror "series. A similar story was weaker in the first season when William Malone did one of the best episodes of "The Fair Haired Child", despite his other long feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" sucking badly. br /> <br /> The story "Right to Die" cleverly intrudes on today's hot social debate about euthanasia, but fortunately also contains many old-fashioned motives of horror, such as ghostly revenge, murderous conspiracies, black humor and comics. violence in the style of a book. Coming home late one night and discussing her husband's constant adultery, Addison's couple takes part in a terrible car accident. Cliff is leaving the wreck unscathed, but his wife Abby is fully burned and must be artificially kept alive. While Cliff and his dingy attorney (Corbin Bernsen from "The Dentist") want to plug the plug into it and sue the car designer, Mother Abbey is organizing a gigantic media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on Cliff. In the meantime, the hateful spirit Abbey returns from revenge and kills someone around Cliff when he has almost lethal experience with medical devices. After several victims, Cliff realizes that it will be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive. "Right to Die" is an amazing episode and exactly the kind of thing I always wanted to see in the concept of the TV series "Masters of Horror." It's brutal and bloody, with sick and twisted sense of humor and lots of sequences. The topic of euthanasia and the entire compulsory media circus that surrounds it is very well processed in the scenario, but without unnecessary return to political positions or moral lessons. The atmosphere is full of tension, and the sequences of homicides are unpleasant and disturbing, respectively. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have a pretty face and impressive sensual stands, which is always a welcome addition, and Corbin Bernsen finally has the chance to portray a rude and self-centered bastard. The great episode of "MoH"; definitely one of the main attractions of both seasons.
