Masters of Horror: Right to Die begins late at night when the Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) marries go home, but during the conversation Cliff is distracted and crashed into a tree that fell to the other side of the road. Cliff's airbag works OK and goes away with minor injuries, but unfortunately she did not do it for Abby and finished it as a toast when she was thrown out of the car and doused with gasoline that set her whole body on fire. Abby's life is saved. She is taken to hospital, where she is seriously injured and severely disfigured by burns. Cliff decides he should die, his selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the car maker, and get rich while mom Abby, Pam (Linda Sorenson), wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However, Abby has other own plans ... <br /> <br /> This American-Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror was previously Wrong Turn (2003), which in itself does not qualify him to make an episode of Masters of Horror) and was episode 9 from the second season of the Masters of Horror show, while I did not think Right to Die was the best episode of the Masters of Horror I've seen. and yet it is still not as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). John Esposito's script has a neat, central idea, which is nothing new, but uses it effectively enough, although I would say it is a bit uneven, the first 15 minutes focus on horror in history, but then go on in silence for 20 odd minutes, when it becomes a drama, when the legal quarrels about life Abby and romance Cliff takes a central place before he returns to the track, a wonderfully bloody and twisted climax that may not be for the weak hearts. The heroes are a little cliché, a weak man, a bent lawyer, a caring mother and a young tart who has sex to get what he wants, but everyone is good at his goal, the dialogue is OK, the story is moving at a nice pace and I liked the right thing in general Die, except for a few minutes here and there, where he loses some focus and I was not so eager for an ambiguous ending. <br /> <br /> The director Schmidt does a good job and there are several effective scenes that try to alternately transfer a ghostly atmosphere with a low key and blood and blood. There are some fantastic make-up effects, as usual, there are Abby photos, where the entire skin of her body has burned, and the image of a bandaged head with shown teeth, because there are no lips, is quite thick (photos and makeup effects that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser ( 1987) and its sequels), and then the main dish at the end, where Cliff literally hides someone complete of close-ups of scalpels cutting the skin and peeling it and putting it in the fridge! Very messy. There are also various different parts of the body. There is also some nudity with at least a few nice ladies naked ... <br /> <br /> Technically, the right to die is perfect, the special effects are great and like most episodes of Horror Masters there is no look like a cheap television program that basically is truth. Acting was fine, but there are no big names in it. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is another nice and slightly twisted episode of Masters of Horror, which most fans of horror should definitely check, if not only for a great skinning scene! Worth watching ... for those with stomach.
