The man and his wife have a terrible car accident. When a wife remains in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting her live. The decision becomes even more difficult when she realizes that her spirit wants to take revenge on him and around him. <br /> <br /> It comes to us from the director Rob Schmidt, who created "Wrong Turn" (a movie that I have not seen). With only one horror under me, and not particularly known, I was a little reluctant to watch this episode, expecting Schmidt to be the "Master of Horror" only in the most liberal sense. I apologize for my underestimation. In episode 10 in the 13 season episodes it was actually the best of them. <br /> <br /> The issue of the "right to die" is considered and described in sufficient detail to be a solid role-playing device. However, this is only the basis on which history revolves. When elements of horror appear, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great acting, great plot, great dialogue, great suspense. Sometimes I was a little scared (which is good), and above all: the blood is in great abundance! I read the review of this episode before watching it, where the reviewer said that there is a strong trace of "Hellraiser" in it. In the first part of the program, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then it's a bit later when some of the images remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I do not want to say that it takes the film. I do not see any other way to create an effect that was created, and in my opinion it looks much better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot twists appear later and can invite the viewer to give the film a second look. I did not watch it a second time, but I think the beginning would be more sensible if I had it (this is not misleading). Subplot with a dental hygienist is also nice and I found out that I'm going back and forth if I did not like the main character for his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. It's a little antihero of the whole story, if you like. I feel a tendency to support him as a hero, but he is completely unbearable. <br /> <br /> Although the episode of Stuart Gordon may be better and I am excited about the Washington episode, I think I could easily assume that this is a key episode of the season and definitely the saving grace of what was otherwise weak and routine. When legends like John Carpenter have disappointed me (again), I'm a bit worried about the future of the genre, but then a new face appears, like Rob Schmidt and gives me hope. He is the guardian and please bring Schmidta for Season 3!
