It's amazing that a good, though not great, movie from the early nineties can develop a whole series. "Star Gate; SG1 "is undoubtedly a good addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand shoulder to shoulder with" Star Trek "as science fiction kings. <br /> <br /> Continuation of the 1994 feature film Stargate in this series, you can see the command Stargate (a military / scientific organization) that discovers that the stargate system can be used to travel to different planets in the galaxy and beyond, and the army sets up several teams to study. SG1 is one of such teams led by veteran military colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes the archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, a military scientist, Captain Samantha Carter and foreign Teal'c, who betrayed the leaders of the superior in the hope that one day he would free his people. The Earth quickly becomes an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses people as hosts and is considered equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> The highest cast has a lot of congratulations because it led this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as a cynical and sarcastic O'Neill who can go from boyish to death in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, as Daniel, brings his heart and will to steel a character who innocence has grown into a darker and harder game as the show progresses. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has improved the balance between presenting the femininity of her heroine without taking into account the fact that he is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is perfect as a restrained Teal'c who is able to present the character's emotions subtly. And Don S Davis is perfect as a respected General Hammond who conducts with a good balance of integrity and determination. <br /> <br /> Almost all episodes are immersive and presented with intelligence, reflecting moral dilemmas as well as friction between military interests and civilian beliefs (often shown through disputes between O'Neill and Jackson). Hospitable characters are solidly presented, and feature arches supported in a way that does not bore viewers. SG1 also has a sense of humor, from O'Neill's wisdom to episodes that are just weird and weird! SG1 has everything from action to drama, from romance to thrilling death scenes. It's not only a great sci-fi show, but an excellent show in general.
