Tim Krabbe is a praised author of "Het Gouden Ei", a novel that has been shown twice on the screen ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the latest works of the Dutch writer is "De Grot", a psychological thriller with two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become friends for a dear life. Egon is a quiet, somewhat boring person who spends time studying and writing books about geography. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party animal", a heavy drinking criminal, whose everyday concern is the introduction of a woman into his bedroom. From the moment you meet Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while he envies him because he has a good life without doing anything (eg reading thick books like Egon); in the end, Egon is even caught up in illegal practices by Egon, which leads to fatal drug transport in a remote Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers especially due to the complex structure. While Krabbe presents this story as an engaging portrait of an extraordinary relationship between two people, the plot becomes a mystery: many episodes are not presented chronologically, so two consecutive scenes rarely appear in the same episode. For this reason, the story seems surprisingly distant: you often need to know the origin of the characters to really look after her. Another objection was that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a bit of a stereotype. Egon IS a "boring intellectual" while Axel IS his exact opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and movies, they always seem to be there, taking away a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> After all, the movie was a pleasant surprise, being much better than the book. Adaptation is distinguished by beautiful pictures, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that the game (which in my opinion is the highest achievement of the actor). The disadvantages of the film are, however, the same as in the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (and the film is clear anyway) is hindered by an inadequate scenario. Perhaps Koolhoven should have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
