RUMORS is a memorable entry from the war series of instructional cartoons with the participation of Private Snafu. The films were directed to soldiers and were directed, animated and scored by some of Warner Bros.'s best talents. Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The invaluable Mel Blanc provided Snafu's voice, and the stories and rhymed narratives for many films were provided by Theodor Geisel, i.e. Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using Snafu's character as a perfect negative example: he was a drug, a little fool who would do anything you should NOT do. According to Chuck Jones, the scenarios had to be approved by the Pentagon officials, but the army also allowed the animators extra freedom in terms of language and dirty jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of those times allowed - all for the greater good, Of course. <br /> <br /> As the title indicates, this drawing is an illustration of the harmful power of rumors. The setting is a military camp. Private Snafu is sitting next to another soldier in the latrine (something you will not see in any other Hollywood movie from the era), and their free conversation begins to roll. We observe how a handwritten note about the bombing is misinterpreted and then replanted, and then becomes more and more scary gossip that encompasses the camp. The picture is indeed alive: the brain of one restless soldier is presented as a percolating pot, while the hectic speech of the other is treated as a steamy hot air, i.e. a "balloon juice". The soldier "shoots his mouth" in a cannon style, and before you know it, real baloney flies in every direction. In that case, winged honey. The panicked soldiers tell each other that the Brooklyn Bridge was powdered, Coney Island destroyed, the enemy troops landed on the White House lawn, and the Japanese are in California. Visualizations are becoming more and more surreal and nightmarish until the camp is quarantined for Rumor-itis, and private Snafu is locked in a padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective job. The creators of the film presented their motif with wit and surprising energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imaginary) can give birth to all kinds of wild rumors that are spreading faster than ever thanks to advances in communication. As technology has improved, the private Snafus of our time is able to broadcast its own juice from the balloon via email, mobile phones and blogs. Therefore, RUMORS is a rare example of an educational film from the time of war, the basic message of which is not valid; in fact, it can be more current than ever.
