The beauty of the film is demonstrated by the excellent presentation of mother's love, exceptional performances, stable performance and a quite innovative scenario. The film tells the story of an Indian Nandini who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and the young child of Raja. Suddenly her husband informs her that his family in India (which she did not even know about) is in trouble and the couple are in a hurry to India. When they reach the village, Nanadini is shocked and scared to see a very wild rural culture; The Szekhara family, ruled by his cruel, very cynical and ruthless father Narasimha, lives in a poor and very brutal lifestyle that is full of murder and terror, and women are subservient and helpless. Nandini begins to persuade Shekhar to return home, but he is soon killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha will not let her take Raji back to India. Here begins an intense fight that can be called "Nandini Vs. Narasimha ". <br /> <br /> India is not presented in this film in a particularly positive light, but it only shows a very small minority of rural areas, so it can even be correct. The picture is, in my opinion, fair and not one-sided, because the positive side is also presented to some extent. Such a terrifying view can be shown in a movie about any country in the world. The places are amazing, the music is great, and the direction of Krishna Vamshi is supported by very effective photos and good editing. One thing to note is a very pleasing background result by Ismail Darbar, beautiful. Characters are very well defined, although we can see both their bright and dark sides in different parts of the movie. Presented realistically all the time, the movie flows well and is an interesting and quite funny watch. His dialogues are excellent and intelligently written, and although shocking behavior can be very disturbing at times, many positive moments manage to relieve tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film are performances. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and is very credible like Nandini. Her ability to maintain a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotions is simply unbelievable. It shows such intensity, impulsiveness, torment and determination as a mother who wants to regain her son, that this small child seems to be her own son. Her outbursts in the face of Nana Patekar, which are like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest woman can become a tiger in terms of her child. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. Nana Patekar, one of the greatest actresses of Indian cinema, is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hateful like Narasimha, but admirable as an actor who plays him. Patekar turns cruelty, wit, and even humanity with complete conviction. He is outstanding. Another great performance is not surprising the most underestimated actress of India, Deepti Naval, who perfectly senses her character. Sanjay Kapoor is just right, and Shahrukh Khan provides a great comical relief. Anyway, look at Shakti - it could be better, but it's definitely a must-watch.
