If any movie is distinguished by incredible acting skills, it's probably the movie. I have never seen dialogues spoken in such a rough way, but they have a strong feeling. The film worried at times. However, the movie was terrible during editing. The movie tries to go commercially, adding comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. Similarly to Karisma, he is beaten and SRK fights (comically) with policemen. Song Ishq Kamina was very out of place. At the beginning, the film is too glossy at first. The direction was not bad, but no one can boast about it. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this film would have no impact. Karisma Kapoor gave her the best role so far, and it looks very good on her album after Zubeidaa and Fiza. It looks nice in the first half, and I've never seen an actress shouting emotion and anger just like her. The most ironic thing is that this is probably her weakest written role so far. Nana Patekar was perfect as her father-in-law. Not much to say about him, besides that is his role. Deepti Naval as the mother-in-law was excellent, especially in her last scene. Although there is not much to say, her mimicry and body language were good. Another good performance was a small child. He was charming and will surely bring tears to the eyes of the viewer. The film was probably saved desperately thanks to their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his evil role as a boy. <br /> <br /> One of the things that led the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. Picture and dance songs are perfect for raw song lyrics. And Aish is crazy. However, the song belonged to another movie only because it appeared in the worst moment. People could come to the cinema for Aisha, but they will not brag about him. Hum Tum Miley was adequately chanted, but it seemed to go on when the mood of the movie left the movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and had nothing to rave about. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring to get the mood of the movie. Despite poor editing, the performances themselves make it necessary to see it.
