A strong woman oriented on the theme after a long, Shakti The Power director Krishna Vamsi, the Hollywood version of Desi's hit "Not Without My Daughter" is the first home production of actress Sridevi. The story of a woman's fight against severe injustice. <br /> <br /> The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There he meets Szekhara (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and soon he gets married. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived because news of the sick mother of Szekhara (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And then the problems start. From the moment they reach <br /> <br /> India, they are both shocked to see pollution and huge crowds of people around the world. They board a crowded train to reach the village of Szekhara, and when they finally reach the station, they must catch a long bus ride to their village. A dirty, sweaty bus combined with uncertain terrain makes it a never-ending ride. And unfortunately for them, a crazy mob who defeated Szekhara without form due to his attacks on their bus. Fortunately, they are shot just in time before they can hurt him. Then they travel to Havel, where the father of Shekhar, Narsimha (Nana Patekar), lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law was proving as soon as she entered the place, but her only solace was the warm greeting of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini learns about his father - he regulates his tyrannical behavior and realizes that ruthless killing is a way of life for him. The day she sees her father-in-law taught her son to throw a bomb, loses him and attacks him, insisting on Shekhar that they will return to Canada. But terrorism hits again, when one day Shekhar is murdered, leaving the spoiled Nandini alone with her son in this strange land where she is shaken by her cruel father-in-law. Her struggle with this man to save her son is the climax of this emotional, moving film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti from most films made late is also the rural surroundings of the film. The only disadvantage is the music of Ismail Darbar, who does not rise above the script. The only advantage is the sexy item number of Ishq Kameen, which was composed by Anu Malik. The next slap of the director is due to the fact that he drew some wonderful performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and gave a moving performance as a helpless mother. Certainly he will win prizes for this hot portrait. The second is actor Nana Patekar, who returns with a bang in this film. His rough manners match him to the hilt and he again showed his versatility thanks to this role. Sanjay Kapoor is an unexpected film package with a sincere and effective portrait that opposes both actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form, and her final meeting with Nana is commendable. Kamaha Shahrukha provides a lighter moment and certainly has been drawn in to get the required star value. Although his role was not really required, he did it well. In general, Shakti is a much better movie than most of those that are currently produced, and the Proud release will definitely make this a good start. Shakti will certainly spur critics and the public. And what about the fact that the movie must be desperately cut by at least 2 drums to improve the effect. Shakti still has the power to go on without hindrance!
