On Sunday, 27 July 1997. The first episode of the new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. The episode and continuation of the 1994 film "Star Gate" starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins about a year after the events presented in the film. For ten seasons, he described the adventures and misfortunes of a fearless team of explorers known as SG-1. Initially, the series played Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two years old General Major George S. Hammond.) For ten long years we watched a team fight against Goa'uldami, Replicators, Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time they formed alliances with Asgard, Tok'ra, rebel Jaffa, Nox and Tollan, they saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never gave up until death killed them ... Sometimes not even. <br /> <br /> Like in the case of all long series, there were numerous cast changes. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002. At the end of the fifth season, to broaden his horizons as an actor, Jonas Quinn, an alien from the country, was the successor to Daniel Jackson as an archeologist / geek from the band called Kelowna on the planet Langar, played by Corin Nemec, but Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003, and Nemec went out at the same time. only one guest appeared and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, when he felt it was time to leave. The original star of the series and probably his most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, appeared in the series for the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth season was noticeably smaller than in the previous seasons. He finally left SG-1 in March 2005, to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was definitely my favorite character in the series and, to be honest, I've never liked the last two seasons as much as previous episodes for the same reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represented a new era for the program. With the departure of the main actor and the failure of Goa'uld and Replicators in the eighth season, many fans decided that the series should be high. Regardless, the series lasted for another two years, and the Ori replaced the Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters have been introduced to fill gaps and help introduce this new invention. Ben Browder appeared as the cocky pilot of the southern air force Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His star "Farscape", the charming Claudia Black, began to play the lead role in the series as a living, sexy, funny and certainly extroverted Vala Mal Doran, was a host and artist from another planet Goa'uld. A returning guest star in the eighth and ninth season, she joined the cast full-time at the beginning of the tenth and final season. The cast included the legendary Beau Bridges as Major General Hank Landry, new commander of the SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the last two years, they performed together with the faithful "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became valuable parts and made equally valuable contributions to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, all good things have to end. During the first transmission of the first few episodes of Season 10, the ratings dropped significantly, which resulted in the cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, sleep finally ended. March 13, 2007. What began with "Children of the gods" ended with "Unending". The finale of the series had its world premiere at Sky One in Great Britain and Ireland, and then was shown on the Sci-Fi channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> During the ten years of the series there was Air gathered fans, and even eclipsed the science fiction series "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the second longest-running science-fiction series in the world, second only to "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the longest-running US science-fiction series that exceeded "The X-Files" only a few months before its completion. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the "Stargate" series. In 2004, his success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series entitled "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film fell, two directly to Movies from DVD, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", were released in 2008, and more are planned for a not very distant future. The third live-action series, "Stargate Universe", is expected to appear next year. (There was, unfortunately, the animated series "Stargate Infinity", which operated from 2002 to 2003, but the less talked about, the better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a continuation of the series, the future of "Stargate" looks really very bright. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, "Stargate" does not have the same degree of popular recognition as other major science-fiction TV series, such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", still relatively new compared to the two science fiction giants and I have full confidence that it will last for many, many years to come.
