Unequal Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is a great Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child, and then visits her family in India to discover that they are terrorist warlords. There is a drama and tragedy, and the film becomes a kind of thriller in the style of NOT WITHO MY BABY. The film is fascinating, its several song / dance numbers are uninteresting and unnecessary, and the qualities of the Bollywood song and dance really do not match the intensity of the drama of this movie, at least after we left the comforting Canadian nest of love ?? although one number including the episodic stunning of Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly provocative if it is eventually misplaced. Similarly, the inclusion of Shahrukh Khan's superstar Bollywood as a happy vagrant who helps Kapoor escape from the warrior's claws, turns what was a very serious drama into a stupid farce, and only returns to his feet when his character? and his fantasies about Rai, which generate her dancing dance? they are unnecessary. His ejected dialogue with comic books and the stupidity of battle scenes undermine the main drama of the film. The cast is wonderfully supported by Nana Patekar as the leader and elegant Deepti Naval, who is outstanding as his long-suffering wife who finally decides to face him in one of the best scenes of the movie; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjaya sisters in India and very sweet sweets. But Sanjay himself is terribly worried, especially during the obvious ad-lib ads. Krishna Wamsi's script / director style is sloppy, unbridled with sharp transitions and sudden cuts, although his camera moves are good. The musical underlining is also quite effective, moody, with an ineffable female voice in a small orchestral band (too few if any of them entered the SHAKTI soundtrack, but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value of adding the score along with the songs of their albums with the soundtrack, at least in in most cases). However, SHAKTI is a film by Karisma Kapoor, but the intensity of her performance after passing the film to India nicely contrasts with the delicate romance with which she became involved in Sanjay in the first Canadian scenes. Despite the unevenness of a large part of the painting, Karisma's performance completely sells the film and strengthens its incoherent measures. In a strange way, I also think that history is another approach to royal ostentation, which I noticed in CURSE OF GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, which I saw earlier, although SHAKTI is of course a completely different kind of film; but focusing on a dysfunctional royal family? here, living in austerity-controlled poverty in India, not the elegance of Versailles or the immense megalomania of the feudal Chinese Tang dynasty? whose selfish pursuit of power destroys many others and forces one or other of this kind to deliver a film with a remarkable undertone.
