When a wealthy tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his twin sister Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy) does not believe that he caught control during a suicide dive (despite the fact that there are snuff in the family), but his three beautiful daughters did not care. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who soon forces him to take control of the property from her restless sister Lorna (Sara Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when she refuses to attack another sister, Vicki nymph (Marla English), but her plans are thrown in when Norton falls down on her victim. All bets are excluded as world of woe - including corporate harassment, seduction, suicide, blackmail, murder, Mann Act, double crosses, disfigurement and poetic justice "Craig Manor", an impressive residence on a cliff overlooking the sea ... < br /> <br /> This absurd boiler would make an excellent second function for WRITTEN THE WIND, also from 1956. It was said that Douglas Sirk's saga about the powerful (and strongly dysfunctional) oil clan was inspired by the DALLAS television series from the 1980s, but Craig's crazy tour seems to stem from his sinister sister soap DYNASTA. All three siblings (of which only one is really bad) are wonderful beauties, but stand out by the cartoon whore Kathleen Hughes. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family's fortune, and her unrestrained enthusiasm for evil is one of many guilty pleasures of the film. Teen sister Vicki is also a piece reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, he pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap, while he is still standing, walking up to him with the line "I've finished summa cum laude from Embrace-U state." Whew! <br /> <br /> THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by schillermeister Howard W. Koch, are amazing trash in operation, and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" in English, 50-year-old John "Revenge Of The Creature "Bromfield (once married to the French sexpot Corinne Calvet), Universal Starlet Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" It Came From Outer Space "Hughes and the silent movie star Madge Kennedy gives you everything that he has - but it's a lot or little. The future Eurotrash star, Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse), is briefly seen as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie Rating: 10/10 Marla (and her English body) made great videos! THREE BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir festival, but the jury still wipes the suds from ... hell, noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
