Most yeti photos are deadly weakened by a serious lack of energy and enthusiasm. This is not such a wonderfully bent, bat and crazy oversized Italian kitsch gut-buster from Canadian cinema: It is a wildly ripe and energetically stupid moronic miracle that achieves the stunning apotheosis of the rightly baked "what the hell to happen?" Excess and misfortune crackpot. /> <br /> Freighter's crew discovers the 30-foot yeti body, reminiscent of a hockey disco stud from the 70's (with a wavy afro jumbo) perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice, they repel the beast, bring back electric charges to life, blatantly treat him and keep poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass booth Before you say, "Hey, the filmmakers apparently take off" King Kong ", our titanic, disgusting snowdude breaks out of the cage, grabs the first juicy, nubile-haired blonde Euro vixen (wonderful Pheonix Grant) he puts lusty eyes, and a new love with your new lady. Yeti is captured and, of course, it is transported to Toronto, where the audience is shown. Of course, it breaks down again, catches the vixen and continues the expected stomping after the madness of the city. <br /> <br /> Sublimated stupid dialogue (example line: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor"), cheap (far from) special effects (frightening transparent work on the blue screen and dirty miniatures of Tonka toys are particularly noisy in their terrible jaws), clumsy (bad) direction and hard scenario, which even tries awkwardly honest "Is the Yeti a human or a beast?" ethical debate connects together, creating one of the most enchanting, funny, gigantic monsters that ever roar on the big screen. What's more, we also have a few funky, which add a bit tacky to the already juicy cinematic infusion: the vixen accidentally rubs against one of the yeti nipples, which causes its hardening and evokes a big, happy smile of approval of a voluptuous behemoth (!); the vixen cares for yeti's wounded hand, while he looks at her with the naked eye, the yeti breaks the windows with his legs while climbing a high office building, and the furry guy even breaks the neck of the man with his fingers (!!). In general, this exceptionally twisted and shamefully unbridled should be a classic high camp like an unusual monolith of cellulite madness that is worthy of a serious underground hardcore cult.
