Here is another film that should be loaded onto a satellite, launched into space and pointed towards the Andromeda galaxy, to show the distant civilizations of the best of humanity. This movie is so stupid and revealing honesty in the fact that it is just a rip off of the already bad classic movie KING KONG from 1976, that not only manages to make this film in the categories of a clean belly laugh with idiotic stupidity, but successfully predicted the unfortunate cartoon Peter Jackson from 2005 with the same name, if the "romance" between the giant (here Yeti) and a wonderful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi from CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD by Umberto Lenzi, who is very easy in the eyes). <br /> <br /> The movie was filmed for children, so apart from a few insinuations on the fish bone and bizarre nipple to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - Yeti even has a kind of giant bar to hide your monstrous package the result is even more fun than anatomical correctness. But as a compromise, you'll get a crazy old scientist, two inquisitive kids, Tony Kendall in a rare rotation as a two-faced bastard villain, a helpful intelligent collie dog who has his own adventure (Dog Adventure movies were big in Europe for a while) and of course, emerges as a hero at the end of the Yeti rescue, who turns out to be a good guy, great things like front loaders that look like giant monkeys, a monster whose size literally changes from shot to shot, some terribly dead deaths that they will make the slaughter in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look like a tamed comparison, crowd response shots consisting of Spanish, Italian or Canadian addictions depending on the scene (you can say something like, where they shot from how the extras are dressed), and some of the most enthusiastic exhibitions these special effects, but not successful, work in a huge monkey movie. <br /> <br /> This is where the movie won me: enthusiasm only for being de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini, who brought the world of SARTAN in 1968, and GOD'S GUN a year earlier and was a very important director in the scene of Spaghetti Western and a genre of action / adventure films from the 60s and 70s and until the time of YETI he was probably delighted that he got a job. I would say that this is his most adventure film in history, or rather the one with which he risked the most and could feel more comfortable taking the chances of a film directed to children and families. In a way, the film recklessly abandons the way technical errors or inconsistencies have been committed. Or rather they are part of the fun, and if the movie was played seriously, it would not work - WHAT IS EXACTLY WHY PETER JACKSON DRESS FILM. <br /> <br /> He forgot to play with the material and let him dictate the result, using his army of stupid animators of people under the Power Macintosh, and with all his disadvantages + fragility, YETI Kramer is actually closer to the spirit why we watch such films, in part because actors in suits of monkeys tear miniature sets on soundstages, not smoothly animated, empty hours of anything outside the hard disk space. I would judge it there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and THIS! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most enjoyable unbelievable gigantic crazy movies about monsters. Because the film looks so "false", you can go down in history and just have fun watching how things are broken, trampled, thrown and smashed. Knowing that, armed with lively, energetic enthusiasm to have a chance to make a movie, Parolini pulls out all the stops and provides the full power of adventure that can become a bit rough for some little ghouls, but this is the first movie I will ever share with grandchildren when their stupid parents leave them with me for the weekend. This is material for ages and one of the most eloquent expressions of humanity that have ever been involved in celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, you only come once and I prefer to go out with a smile on my face.
