I saw it when it first appeared on the video, my younger sister got it as a present, and I was probably then 12 years old. What stood out from me was the lack of conflict in the middle of a movie that has so many movies where the main characters get mad at each other, because when it's time to explain, they just do not say the only thing you shout on the screen that would make sense of the whole deal that every reasonable intellect would know to speak. This is what I like the most about the film, I think that the main characters do not do each other significant things ... they do not break up and do not make up for themselves, they just like the film more and more. <br /> <br /> These two children join forces and although at first glance they seem to be on opposite sides of the track, they are not that different. Loui is actually some middle-class kid who must have realized how lucky he is that he has a loving family, and Cecelia was a high-class child who simply had to prove to his family that she exists and she will not be there if she will not be there. Anyway, I saw this movie on Hulu and I had to watch it ... there are definitely holes, if you analyze the script and not, Woog and Dweeb should not eat hot dogs, because they would actually be herbivores. br /> <br /> Now, what harms the film, it is an unexpected horror. Young children under the age of five would probably be scared of the scenes with Dr Screweyes. Adding it halfway through the movie (although the first scene is obvious, it will appear on the screen) is too violent ... it should be seen how it does its programming earlier in the movie, it can show that it is not so horrible without dinosaurs. It seems to me that he ran out of real danger for the entire first half of the movie, so he lacks continuity when he appears in the second half. <br /> <br /> Given the target group, who I am certainly will not miss the problems of animation and dialogue ... I think I will also pass these factors and I am just enjoying the story. It's a great movie for a kid and it's in your mind ... it makes you think about how you treat people and should visit it every 10 years.
