Wow, many reviews about the Devils experiment are here. Great. My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films. We just started to release guinea pig movies on DVD in North America. Before you ask why I am writing a review? Instead, ask why some are doing it. I'm writing this review because I love Guinea Pig movies. Why I love them, it's because they go down my throat and do not let go. I saw it all. Almost every horror known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every iconic underground to every Hollywood blockbuster. I saw it all, and the movies that have stuck in my head for years were definitely films from the guinea pig. Why, because he is not trying to hide the reason why we're watching horror in the first place. This review applies to the Devils experiment. I consider this to be without history, which is fine for me. Why am I watching horror movies? I see blood, blood and torture of people. The Devils experiment not only provides, but that's all. Pure violence without admixtures. Yes, I like history, but sometimes I just want gore and Devils Experiment to give ten times. Why people do it. Because they like the story so that torture and death can be hidden behind history. It makes them feel better about themselves. We all want blood and blood. It is difficult to justify it if it does not entwine history. The guinea pig movies are of historical significance to them and have created a definite splash once they have been released. <br /> <br /> I am excited that I can release one of the best known horror series in the world. Maybe I should not have written this review, but maybe I should. My view is biased because I was releasing them, but not again. I've always told people to find and watch them before I started playing Unearthed Films. Sure, he's being exploited, but that's not why we're watching horror in the first place. The Devils Experiment is NOT for everyone. This is only for the thrillers and gorehound seekers. If you think that Jason and Freddy Krueger's movies are amazing, stick to them. But if you're on the next level and you've seen it all, then Devils Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been published for over 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and nasty, and not something to watch with my mother, unless it is completely cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living.
