David Mamet wrote the script and made his debut as a director with the movie "House of Games", a study of a psychologically overtaxed character in which the psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of the game of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and wrote the best-selling novel "Driven". Still, she is dissatisfied with her personal life; there is an emptiness that he can neither define nor solve, and this is her weakness. When the patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confides in her session that he owes a lot of money to some gamblers and that he will kill him if he does not pay, he decides to intervene on his behalf. He takes her to the House of Games, a dingy little dive, where he meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic confrere who does not waste time before he pulls her into his world. Instead of the "twenty-five big" Billy claimed to be guilty, Mike shows her his book, and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars. Mike agrees to clean the board if he agrees to do one simple favor with him, which is related to the card game he has in the back. In the middle of a big hand, Mike intends to leave the room for a few minutes; when it is not there, its task is to watch the "story" of one of the other players. At this time, not only Margaret, but also the audience is addicted. Dialogue and the unique style of Mameta and the precise cadence with which his actors realize their lines are hypnotizing. When Mike leads Margaret through her fascinating, surreal realm of existence and introduces her to the intricacies of the game, we are with her. From this first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what it is to "say" and how it works to the "short con" lesson, to the stunning climax of this film, Mamet maintains continuity with impatience. And nothing is as it seems. In the end Margaret learns hard lessons about life and human nature and about himself. She is changing; and whether it's better for speculation. Mantegna is absolutely thrilling in this film; gives each nuance a complex character who must be able to guide you in the shadows and doing it. Crouse also looks great here; you feel a stiff, tense coincidence hiding under that calm, confident superficiality, and when her experiences with Mike bring about a change in her, she makes her feel how deep she has penetrated. It makes you believe that she is capable of what she does and makes you understand her. The dynamic cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (The Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is the quintessence of Mamet; he wrote and directed many high-quality pieces and films since then and will undoubtedly bring us more in the future. But this movie will be the one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and check it. You will find it under the slogan "Perfection". It's a great movie you do not want to miss. I rate this 10/10.
