This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone, which contains interesting ideas and clever stories (I note that both are based on short stories). The "Examination Day" is set in the future, unknown year, but at the moment in which they have lit candles on the cake, huge television "telephones", which doubles like numerous other entertainment machines and distributed only to people of a certain age. .i Examination Day, the point at which 12-year-olds must pass the IQ test required by the government. The kid is the story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is just celebrating his 12th birthday and is a wise child, so he is calm, even eager to check that he has seen friends pass easily and knows that he will stand out on the basis of his grades school. On the other hand, his parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment) argue that he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good result, and although their reason includes the belief that he is capable and should not worry, it is quite obvious that he is worried. I will not do anything at the end, but let me say this - there is a point where we see what is so far away, why the test is such a difficult subject: this evening (or else?) His parents ask Dickie if he would like to watch TV all night. By today's standards, we would be pleased if he said he would rather read, and not just because nothing worth watching ... but why would his family ask about it? The taste of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (about which I heard that he did not receive a great adaptation on the screen). I just wish they could present an opening and closing narrative to make the subject as powerful as the Obsolete man was. It turned out that it is better than the story on which it is based. I did not read the one on which the "Message of love" was based, but I would like to, because it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers from a fever due to unclean water, has always been commonplace in his hometown in Massachusetts ... but he can see through the eyes of a young purist suffering from the same fever, Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonann), who is also able to experience what is happening around him. They both get better, especially since it often happens in 1985, but the connection does not disappear. The charity organization is interested in the sights and sounds that it records in 1985, and each of them likes the company of others, especially Piotr, who promotes grades at school so that he always feels isolated from other students, even in college, in which he resides in one place in Matters, however, turn unexpectedly when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that 13 colonies will break free from England as a sign of spells, as well as the fact that her death was spared due to fever (not so common in 1700). Both are trying to learn to save her. The ending is sad, but it has an interesting ending moment that affects him. Both episodes of this episode contain a lot of pain, but each time, thanks to a lesson / warning sounding like something that Rod Sterling would prepare and prepare, make the cheerful observer remember that friendship, love and wisdom are doing a great job. Probably 3/4 of this is not the subject, but somehow I think that all this has been approved by the Sterling crew.
