Jim Carrey returns to the same role that he played in The Mask, a timid guy who tries to overtake the world, but he seems to be bothered by bad luck. Even when he tries to help the homeless in the persecution by a band of bandits (and of course they must be Mexican, of course), his goodwill towards other people is reversed. In that case, it was difficult to predict that he had a handful of angry hooligans, but I like the fact that the movie suggests that such things should not be ignored. I'm reminded of the episode of Michael Moore's brilliant truth when they told a man to lie down on the sidewalk and pretend he was dead and see who would actually stop and make sure everything was all right. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see that someone in the movie gives a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the nice guy mentioned above, whose whole life seems to fall apart. Or even better, it seems to crumble as a result of bad luck, like an asteroid entering the atmosphere (a small metaphor that appears when Bruce miraculously finds a gigantic story of news later in the movie). Bruce is almost 40 years old, and all he needs to show is the position of a news reporter who reports on such exciting news as a local bakery that wants to bake the world's largest cookie. He is desperate to get the anchor boss position on the television station, but he loses a cool live television when he hears that the job has hit his rival. You must adore how they reveal this message to him a few seconds before his first live reportage. Needless to say, he loses his self-control on live TV in one of the funniest scenes in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman provides a fantastic performance as a human being, showing God, whose infinite wisdom is somewhat mirrored thanks to Freeman's enormous talent as an actor. He is a kind of God who treats his work very seriously, but in a way to advise his followers (and viewers of this film) that there are times when you have to slow down and do some manual work in life. I love his line that some of the happiest people in the world are coming back home smelling high sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (maybe more than our share in America) who are so absorbed in their money and possessions, work and everything they have completely lost to the natural side of themselves as people. > <br /> One of the biggest advantages is that the film is able to provide people with general advice on improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. I, for example, have a tendency to reject organized religion in all forms and see God and Satan as a metaphor for various aspects of human nature and psychology, not actual figures who have ever lived or are still alive. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as the superintendent of the universe, or as a caretaker dressed in white, who in the free time mop the floor of his office in the center, I was able to appreciate the messages that were provided in this film. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic evolution that connects them all and makes the newer look even better just because you can see how far it has gone. If you compare Bruce the Almighty with films like Ace Ventura (I loved each other, incidentally) or with many things he did before he took up the movie, it's amazing how far he has gone. He has moved from a bad television comedy to comedy cheesy movies that are really smart and meaningful, like this movie, and others like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (easily one of his biggest films in history). Jim Carrey has undoubtedly moved from a bad comedy from the past to becoming one of the most important comic actors who work today. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston is once again an excellent addition to the film (as in the Office Office movie) as Bruce's girlfriend, who is increasingly irritated by Bruce's growing stress about his life, as well as neglect to ask her for a hand. There is definitely a comedy in the movie that does not match the meaning of the movie or the quality of the delivery, such as the dog reading the toilet and the entire monkey scene, but it was definitely nice to see Ace Ventura Spike's friend create a cameo. As Stephen King knows perfectly well, it's always good to see famous characters. It's almost like seeing your family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce is endowed with God's powers for a limited time so that he can understand life better, and says a lot about himself when he uses permission only for his own purposes, and not for all people who pray to him. I love the fact that, as I said before, in my life religion is absent, but I could observe it and learn a lot about myself, thinking about what I would do if I were endowed with such powers. The film allows us to learn in this way in a different way, which further strengthens the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes that concern the press station are the funniest in the whole movie, for example in the scene where Bruce loses control of himself about the position of the anchor, the scene of Jimmy Hoff (who was comfortably buried with the original birth certificate and complete set of dental data), the scene in which Bruce's rival is forced to go crazy about the camera, and my favorites, those to the beginning and the end with the participation of a local bakery. In the movie, Carrey has plenty of time to provide great jokes, for example, when he talks to God (who reveals that he is a janitor, owner, electrician, etc.) That his Christmas parties must be real nonsense and be careful about drinking, because it may be necessary to drive home! I also loved the end when she says that behind every big man a woman rolls. A bit too true, and as Gallagher added, every big man is also amazed mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that have appeared for some time and is probably the only directly religious one that I remember buying on DVD to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and made in good taste, but with a fairly low humor to provide entertainment for children. This is a significant comedy for the whole family, which is becoming rarer today. In a world that is going to be flogged with another American Pie movie and another frightening movie (which is frightening because of their pure barbaric idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people who make comedies worth watching. Do not miss it.
