Considering the title, this first continuation of QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of stories by W. Somerset Maugham that make up the film. The author still appears to present episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; By the way, while the script of the original compendium gave R.C. exclusive recognition. Sheriff, here also Maugham himself lent his hand for adaptation, and also Noel Langley (although it is not clear if each of them contributed to one segment, or worked together). As can be expected, a significant portion of the QUARTET crew has been preserved for the second part - although it also includes at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two had bit parts in the episode of QUARTET entitled "The Colonel's Lady "). While the TRIO eventually turns out to be a lesser achievement than its predecessor (somewhat unbalanced by the third story, which takes more than half the time of the run), it is still performed with the utmost care, kept in vigor by the stellar cast and is extremely pleasant to the market. <br /> <br /> "The Verger" is about church sexton (James Hayter) - for whom the title of this story is another word - who was released after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on laurels, despite his age, he not only takes his wife (his host, who is played by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a tobacco shop strategically placed on a long stretch of road where there is no such service - and, with business flourishing, develops in the whole chain. The last stage is a visit to the bank manager, Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised when he finds out about Hayter's lack of education, but he is also inclined to ask him what his other interests are - which the rich (and respected) tobacco retailer responds to, with some irony that he has a calling to become a friend! <br /> <br /> The second episode of "Mr. Know-All" is the shortest, but perhaps the most engaging: the journey at sea is completely overpowered by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), a Briton, despite his foreign-sounding name Kelada, who confesses that he is the authority on virtually every object under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to reconcile with him - the latter, because he shares the cabin with the man and the first, bearing in mind Patrick's beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). However, during a fancy event, passengers decide to "take revenge" at the Kelada, when one of them impersonates him (a joke which he naturally underestimates)! still he is trying to show a decent side of his character - Crawford said that the necklace he is wearing is an imitation, and Wayne challenges Patrick to call his price ... but the latter immediately realizes that it is real the article and that would compromise Crawford's position if he were to say so, so Kelada lets himself be publicly ridiculed, instead of revealing the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As you can also deduce from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with myriads of patients in such a place - run by Andre 'Morella; the protagonist is the new intern, Roland Culver, who yearns for various events. The narrative in fact emphasizes in particular three separate plots of the story - one humorous ("feud" between two age-old Scots for a long time in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), one melodramatic (unpredictable relationship between a dissatisfied patient Raymond Huntley and a long suffering but Betty Ann Davies's devoted wife) and one bittersweet (romance between the naive but charming Jean Simmons and the dazzling Michael Rennie, who, despite having almost everything against it, including the fact that Morell diagnosed Simmons as a "lifeguard", when Rennie only has a few years, he leads the couple to the altar).
