Performed after QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of earlier versions of Maughama's short stories. Here, three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comical (THE VERGER is like a prolonged joke, but with a good payout), and the last more serious (as health problems are related). Again, the author presents the film and stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, who will soon have his own signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of THE VERGER. In the church he does this little caring work, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter has no education, he shoots him. Hayter saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he likes to buy a small shop with news and tobacco. He has a good eye and his shop is booming. He soon has a whole chain of stores. When Hordern baptized his grandson, the latter is amazed to see how rich his former Verger is. The payment is made when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets Hayter about the diversification of his investments. I will leave it to you to hear the unintentional but ironic code of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, in the cruise he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick). In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a licking, friendly and slightly exaggerated type from the Middle East who travels on business (regarding jewelry) by steamer. His roommate is Mr. Gray (always quiet and proper Wilfred Hyde-White), who in a sense quietly disagrees with Max. Max likes to bring things to life and soon he is heavily involved in the entertainment of the ship. At this point, the story resembles a part of the story of non-Maugham and the movie CHINA SEAS (1935), because Max assumes that he can tell real jewelry from a fake (after insisting that the jewelry) he noticed that it is real). I will not describe how Max rises to the occasion. <br /> <br /> SANITORY is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (fictional alter ego Maugham - writer and one-time spy, as in Hitchcock's SECRET AGENCY). Here he must use the sanatorium for a few months for his health. He finds a remarkable crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a weak but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an unbearable Scotsman, John Laurie as the second annoying Scotsman who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his internal anger at his situation when his wife appears, and Michael Renni as a young man who has a serious life-threatening disease. Culver is looking at how three stories from these characters play a role in their conclusions. The last one dealing with Simmons and Rennie is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> It was an elegant continuation of the previous QUARTET and it is worth to watch it.
