It was hard for me to like someone in this movie. The main characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during the night spent in the Australian province, are not bad people, but certainly not everyone, and even the majority of people who we see in this film would be angry if we knew them better. But while we are sure that the film wants us to be guilty or innocent Chamberlains from the beginning of the tragic disorder of their lives, the film adopts a more or less sociological perspective regarding rumors, media, crowds, crowds and assumptions. This is not a film about a particularly degenerate Australian society; it's just a description of the real story that happened there. Society is much less developed than individuals feel that we are. <br /> <br /> When the commander insists on killing all aboriginal dogs due to the unverified action of a single wild dog, when it is accidentally ruined, life spins even more out of control thanks to most magazines, newspapers and TV programs that distort the tragic truth to the level of the drama that provokes its consumers crazy, has no signs of empathy or even any look beyond its own unconscious perception, influenced by the left and right sides by the energetic rumors and vibrations of those who surround life. I appreciate this movie because it focuses on the victims on the masses. <br /> <br /> Evidence against Linda Chamberlain aside, suspicions were propelled by jets mainly due to her advantages. She did not seem distraught enough in public with the death of her daughter. Why was she able to maintain peace, even some reticence, let alone raise her head, for television and the press? What downward spiral could be prevented if it behaved more in the media? Meryl Streep, one of today's actresses, if not the greatest, may not give a performance that is particularly distinctive, and to be honest, there is no actor or film department. But she and the scriptwriters understand Lindy. Annoying is that it is not so difficult. Obviously, she was not inclined to show emotions in public. Regardless of whether it is accessible as a sympathetic character in the immediate sense, we are naturally inclined to feel sorry for her situation. <br /> <br /> Regardless of whether her performance is as rewarding as Sophie, The Devil Wears Prada, Angels in America or other such work is a triumph. It's hard to impress the audience when they are intentionally denied insight into themselves. It frustrates us because we do not know what she thinks or feels. It took me a while before I felt satisfied with her, but it's the way the movie suggests a reaction from the public. <br /> <br /> She is the wife of a pastor and they both practice religion, which is a small minority, and thus misinterpreted by the majority. Initially they react to their loss, as if wanting to come to terms with the will of God, they start a rumor mill, generating a conviction that their daughter's death was a kind of ritual killing on their part. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of the margin with which most of the media was not immediately identified, so the first tendency was to follow them like a pack of hungry ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are always on the screen, but the Australian audience is playing real leaders here. Just like punctuation marks for each feature progress, director Fred Schepisi cuts off from the restaurant on the tennis court for dinner in the living room to the office, where the audience tries Lindy and is moved into his own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan - Globus's docudrama is not particularly memorable. The ambient atmosphere does not provide enough compensation for no performance or production aspect to stand out. But this is very successful as an accusation of the collective consciousness of society.
