This review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed "innocent until proven guilty" is the basic right of every civilized society; but according to the biased but unfortunately convincing story of Fred Schepisi about the famous Australian murder trial, she was not awarded Linda Chamberlain, accused of killing her child. The story suggesting she was innocent was unlikely (dingo supposedly took her), but the ones that suggested her guilt even more, and there was no evidence against her. But Australian society was terrified at the possibility of her guilt, and deeply religious chamberlains seemed terrifying when they appeared in the media (and the media themselves were obviously innocent in this process). Thus, although they were cleared up by a preliminary investigation, they were later accused and convicted. Although Chamberlain was finally released, it disgraced only after the discovery of new evidence "proving" their innocence, something that no accused should produce. <br /> <br /> "A Cry in the Dark" is well-preserved, especially Meryl Streep, who convinces with an Australian accent (at least to the ears of Poma) and keeps Linda nice (for us), while telling how she managed to become a national form of hatred. The scenes in which he is actually trapped are simple but painful because we believe in the character as real. <br/> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of presenting this story (something that I can not comment on), the wider theme of this film will be terribly faithful to anyone who acquires knowledge of the British popular press and its ruthless habit of referring directly to the least beneficial reading instincts . No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary British tabloids comes from exactly the same evil as the voices that Lindy Chamberlain gives. I'm not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some deadly lines (if you forgive a pun). "Judge not that ye be judged" is one of them.
