The plot of the film "The Thief of Baghdad" is complex because it is told in flashbacks and has three separate, equally important threads intertwined with each other. The script by Lajo Biros and Miles Malleson's dialogue make history move skillfully at all points. Young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry at his vizier Jaffara for the execution of a man for various ideas. He discovers, while in disguise, people blame him for Jaffar's deeds and hate him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, where he meets young thief Abu. Two of them flee and take the boat to the city of Basra. There, comrades are spying when people clear the road so that no one will see the city passing the princess. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in his garden. He tells her that he has come to her since and won the kiss. Then he gets caught. When Jaffar arrives to get Princess Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns him into a dog. Jaffar then asks for the hand of the Princess, and Sultan Basra gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse. Blind Ahmad then tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can wake her up. So Jaffar sends his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, in the hope that the prince can wake her up. He wakes her up. He gets on the ship to find a doctor who will heal Ahmad, but is caught by Jaffar, who then throws the dog overboard. Then he lets Jaffar take her in his arms, for his promise to restore Ahmad's eyes and return Abu back to the thief. The princess sees Ahmad's vision; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to attack him, and Abu crashes on a deserted island. Abu finds a genie or a genie who wants to kill him now because he is free after many centuries spent in prison in a bottle. Abu provokes him to prove that he really comes from such a small ship and then sinks him again. He gets three wishes for freeing him. His first is for sausages. In the meantime, the Princess asks her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy from which six arms stab him to death. Abu wants to find Ahmad. The cunning gin transports him to the goddess of the all-seeing eye. Abu has to climb a large net to get to the jewel that is eye-catching, fighting the giant spider, then scaling the statue of the goddess. Abu looks at the eye and sees Ahmad in the canyon. He has a genie to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. He smells of flower and forgets everything at once. No wishes that they were in Baghdad, but gin laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, bypassing the mention of Ahmad. Ahmad is trying to fight his way to the princess, but Jaffar breaks the "eye". Abu is in the "Land of Legends" where old people who rule want to make him their king. He steals the bow and magic carpet and escapes to hurry to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using the bow from the flying carpet, to the astonishment of the crowd who came to see the execution. Jaffar tries to escape on a mechanical flying horse, but ends up with another shot from the bow. Ahmad is the ruler again and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is an adventure, not hard work and imprisonment in the palace, no matter how big it may be. This fantastic story was exhibited by the sumptuous producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also the artistic director, and Georges Perinal took color photos. The distinguished directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, in which Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda participate. Unusual and numerous costume designs were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. I argue that the production, in addition to splendid and expensive visual splendor, is dominated by two other elements, the choral music of Miklos Rozsa and the performance of Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays a genie with an interesting accent, plus his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is beautiful and effective, because Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson is actually an inept and skimpy sultan. As Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with some of the young prince in love and then with some; he is extremely good in his winning role. This film has a spaciousness that can be found, as I claim, also in other works by Korda. Its ingenious content contrasts with very strong realistic sets, costumes and elements of stage design. This is one of the most memorable fantasies at the level of an idea of ​​all times, admirable over and over again.
