-Film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go to the city in the guise of a beggar, the magician closes the prince and soon becomes the ruler of the shadow in Baghdad. imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu, who helps him escape from prison and go to the town of Basra, where he meets a princess in whom he falls in love madly, but without knowing about him, the evil wizard Jaffa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince his father that he let him get married. Jaffa quickly learns that the prince is trying to get the girl's heart, so he makes him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This leads to the prince and Abu embarking on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jaffa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry the princess. during the journey, they encounter everything from the sarcastic Genies that take Abu to fly through the clouds, a giant spider who is really hungry, and a flying horse that probably produces one of the most beautiful sequences these old eyes have ever seen. <br /> <br /> -This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish, it has flying horses, genies, flying carpets and wizards who can do magic instead of just hitting people with their sticks. There are no bad moments, and a love story is not a waste of time. Production projects are simply stunning in this film. From palaces to various dangerous traps that the heroes meet. Despite the fact that this film is over 40 years old, the production project is much better than most nonsense that appears in today's cinema. Music and songs are also well made. Anyone who sees it will no doubt say: "I want to be a sailor sailing the seas" as one of the great musical moments in movies. Usually I'm not a big fan of singing in movies because I think it's as enjoyable as making taxes, but I'm happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> - What sells a movie for me is the pure fact that you see things you do not see in everyday life, which is also the same reason why I love things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill". Right before today's modern fantasy film and their realistic CGI, to smash our minds, was the movie that ripped your mind apart from the green screen scattered all over the place. One of my favorite shots in "Two Towers" is the one in which we see trolls opening Black Gates, and the main attraction of this shot was for me to see these great fantasies doing what in principle is physical work, and that's what I like Gin. and other creatures in the movie. They just try to make a living like everyone else, which gives them a real mood, even though everyone is just a fantasy creature. <br /> <br /> - Watching this movie is literally impossible and I do not notice where the creators of "Aladdin" drew inspiration. The characters in this movie are roughly the same characters in this movie, from the talkative genie to the flying carpet. This is not completely wrong in my eyes, because it's nice to know that I'm not the only one in the world who has a deep passion for this amazing movie. I saw it for the first time as a child in my homeland and I thought it was the greatest thing in the world and after seeing it last week, I still think it's amazing. It's a real testament that a great movie will stand the test of time. Sure, the effects look a bit outdated and bad, but it was done in the 1940s, so give it a rest. However, not everything looks outdated, because most things can still be maintained when analyzed in today's standard. <br /> <br /> -If you ever wanted to see the "Aladdin" version live, you should get a wish, but the angry cynical group will probably do well, avoiding it, because it will not be their cup of tea.
