Completely beautiful film that I saw in my youth, which then delighted me and still does, in the case of Thief the impression seems to be getting better with the passage of time. In the 90s, my daughter and I saw her many times on television, but we still went on photos when it came to local art cinema? when we were done, we left with starry eyes with heads full of poetry and the thrilling music of Miklos Rozsa, who wanted her to last a few hours longer and wondered what a beautiful world it was suddenly. Ahmad wants to dump him for some time between his people to check, but the evil Vizier Jaffar has the chance to imprison him and take over the throne. After escaping with a small thief played by Sabu, Ahmad sees the princess and fall in love with dazzling? they have many adventures on the way (although apparently not enough Sabu!), and Love not only wins, but destroys everything. Special effects must have been hypnotizing in 1940, but Time took its harvest and reduced their impact, especially since digital animation has even taken over live action? but they still cope well with films like Superman from 40 years later. In any case, if I am asked to suspend disbelief in Gargantuan angry genes, flying horses and carpets, I suspend disbelief in excellent special effects! Favorite songs: a dreamy scene in the sunny garden, when Ahmad reveals himself and the romantic song Adelaide Hall; stunning colors in a tent in Land Of Legend ?? in fact, stunning colors; The triumphant, but still sad, final of Sabu and Rozsa. Conrad Veidt played the bad in the two most amazing film romances in history, Casablanca, and then he died. John Justin and June Duprez were great at the leading roles of lovers, both were a bit and refreshed, but parts did not require a huge number of emotions: only pure love counted. <br /> <br /> There are a few gentle images, but you can be sure that it is a wonderful experience with a 100% positive message, it is a pity that nowadays young children do not watch it instead of the pornography they prefer. One of my 10 favorite movies, I can not recommend it too much? let it be shown to the end of time.
