Last night I managed to catch a double full-length movie "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004) and saw both films in a row, with no chance to catch my breath or think about the importance of each film separately. After sleeping, I must say that I prefer the first one to the second one and explain why. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise presents us with young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of the film's release; and Julie Delpy (Three Colors trilogy), and then 26 (though they look much younger). He is a dissolute American writer, he performs in Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; She is a young French student on her way home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to get off the train spontaneously. Two deeply spiritual and intellectual people spend the whole night together, walking through the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging ideas and thoughts and gradually falling into love. <br /> <br /> The whole film was written in the 90s, technology jumped sharply, the new millennium with all his hopes and dreams was waiting just around the corner, and young adults, such as those shown in the film, were filled with love for life and passion for the future. Heroes Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their disadvantages and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, if by mistake or deliberately, he was a half-American Frenchman, and hesitated from one spectrum to another, breaking the figure) credibility), were a mirror time. Watching a naïve couple swallows life with such meaning and excitement, preserving all stereotypes and romance, but at the same time making the audience fall in on them, which really made this movie work for me. The fact that the director does not let you know if their relationship lasts after the film or not, makes everything even more worth it. <br /> <br /> In all, Sunrise is a dreamy walk through the urban landscapes of Vienna, a well-told classic romantic meeting and a movie that I will definitely return to for more information in the future.
