After an accidental meeting on the train, a young couple spends one night walking through the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to watch the young Julie Delpy. As "Celine," this sexy, brainy, gloomy, brown-eyed blonde is a kind of intersection between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell, just as they were at the age of twenty-some. Risking exaggeration, Celine is practically an ideal woman, extremely beautiful and very feminine, while being natural, unpretentious, introspective and selflessly loving. We can easily forgive that she is a little eccentric and speaks a blue streak, because her sincere, intelligent remarks are sometimes penetrating. What's more, her various expressions are nothing short of captivating and speak English with a French accent which is very endearing. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it would have to be her untidy and disheveled costume. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes out like a vague attraction, something like Maynard G. Krebs from the nineties. Trying to look disjointed and nonchalant, in some sense he is drawn in by some shots. His pants are poorly matched, his shirt is removable, his wavy dark hair (its most attractive feature) require a good wash, and someone really should have shown him how to properly cut his young goatee. Nevertheless, he is supposed to represent unwashed youth during a two-week train ride around Europe, so the look he has cultivated is probably quite authentic. His often cynical observations and a flashy sense of humor seem to impress Romantically Romantic Celine, though sometimes it interferes with his range of alienation. When he finally admits that he is completely ill and likes to be close to her because he feels like another person in her presence, we know he's getting somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing out collective funds for a series of cafes, bars and stupid distractions, they agree that because they will never see each other again, they should use it. Jesse rejects a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender so that he and his newly discovered lady can fix in a local park in the middle of the night to lie down on the grass, look at the moon and stars and watch the sun come up. <br /> <br /> Given his unlimited happiness in the affair department, it is particularly annoying when Jessie, as the very definition of a naive palant, stupidly lets this wonderful young lady slip out of his grasp. Satisfied with a half-baked plan, quickly developed at the railway station, when he is bidding her adieu to connect in the same place for half a year. When the appointed time comes, you just know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved in another, perhaps even married and pregnant. For some reason, he probably will not show, while Jesse, who ends his job at Target or (if he is lucky) in the local library, will return to Vienna, desperately want to see her again, only to end alone. /> <br /> Despite what was very discouraging for me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I highly recommend both this and the sequel "Before Sunset".
