When I saw this movie in the theater, when it appeared in 1995 through a free advanced show, I was completely charmed and would gladly pay to see it. I was sorry when I talked to many people who also saw it and who were completely disappointed with it and how it ended. On the other hand, I felt quite the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the result and everything else. The people I spoke to said they were talking too much! They were also unhappy because they felt that the ending left you in doubt about the fate of the two characters. I consider these observations to be absurd, as well as painful evidence that most American film audiences tend to look for easy-to-follow stories in films with a rather complex and intelligent dialogue, so that they do not get confused. They also like to be neat, spoon-fed endings - happy OR sad. It pisses me off. Nobody wants to be questioned anymore ??? And as for the ending (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I'm completely happy because I know in my heart that these two heroes will see each other again. It's about your personal faith in romance and destiny. This is a very personal movie that does not appeal to all people. But he definitely spoke to me. Give it a chance! Be patient! Richard Linklater created a very beautiful film with a beautiful story set on the beautiful background of Vienna. Watching it makes you feel as if you were walking the city streets with the characters yourself. As if you were stumbling through Europe on the Eurail pass. It's very intimate. Plus, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do a great job putting a complex scenario into practice. They had to improvise on some parts and it works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their awkwardness as strangers getting to know each other at the beginning is very reliable and you can really feel that romance and ties develop between them as the film progresses. I have the impression that it was a very personal job for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for making this film. It definitely moved me and I hope it touches others in the same way. Bravo for romance !!!
