I bought DVD Before Sunset and saw it for the first time last week. Seeing it twice, I could not resist disappearing before sunrise, not because the sequel was not so great, but I felt that these two films ended up like no other sequels everytime I watched one of them I feel the need and longing to see the other. So I ended up spending weeks watching them repeatedly, I will be quite embarrassed to mention how many times exactly. The most amazing thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of your character's feelings about yourself. It sounds very simple, chemistry is growing, I think other romantic films may think that they manage to follow the development, but for me - who does not believe in Nora Ephron - Before sunrise is the first film that really gives viewers a chance for it. When I saw it for the first time, about 8 years ago, when I was 20 years old, I liked it. But I did not judge it as a "great movie", but it seemed to me that other thinking people feel good, and Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters were well structured, I thought, that I liked it, because it was like a dream, and I liked their conversations, etc. etc. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel that it is more than before sunrise. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each of them is separated from each other by an element and have a chance to mix, history is only a time frame, I do not feel any more manipulated. And the freedom that every scene has, and the refusal to be too productive, how blind, that these features did not seem special to me when I first saw it! Now it's been 8 years, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of orderly scenes that exist only because of their ending, even movies like Pulp Fiction or Linkackers's Slackers. The stories of Jesse and Celine avoid this, maybe before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films whose ending is only a consequence of time, not a goal, each scene has its own life. I do not know if Linklater or anyone else was referring to the sequel "Before Sunrise," but for me one of the most amazing things in these sequels is how these two films visually contrast each other. Before Sunrise, which in my opinion uses more static angels and lighter color schemes, it seems that it tries to capture the smallest atoms of the revival surrounding Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I am entering into a vision of boredom, when Jesse stuck with the journalists in Before Sunset, and Celine's first smile from behind the shelves is the most painful smile I saw at the beginning of the movie, and many moving shots take me to a place I do not know sadly, no matter how beautiful Paris is and no matter how happy I am, they meet again. I am sorry that I continue this song with my limited English, Before Sunrise is an extraordinary movie in which I will not pour out my scattered thoughts, and even better with an equally great continuation.
