There are many unusual things in front of Sunrise, almost too much to fit into one of these reviews, but suffice it to say that this is one of the most careful studies of character in the nineties, and maybe even in contemporary cinema, so as not to be observed about love let's say, as much as a human relationship. How to fall in love at first sight? Nobody does that, at least in the depth of the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And yet * there is the possibility of such an intense connection, a bond that can arise in those who are young and with many ideas that can be expressed artificially and with a wide cynicism, and at the same time are very delicate and true. time. Linklater gives here the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy who get off the same train going to Vienna, and on the way start talking about things, initially arbitrary, then personal (Jessie seeing death for his first great-grandfather). Jessie convinces Celine to go with him to the "city" in Vienna for the night, until his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise, he gives Jessie and Celine, among beautiful Vienna, decorations and locations that are to be continued in topics that are of great importance, and in a sense, it's about talking, what it's like to see people leading one to the other and the other. Here, it's often about relationships and commitments, because Jessie and Celine tell stories sometimes a bit inconsistent or seemingly so, and others that can say a lot about their basic features. We hear the confession of the desires of other love or what really was not love, being part of the family or part of upbringing that may or may not inform you how you love your life, what it means to believe or not believe in some religious form, or just to have some connection with any faith and soul (I loved a bit about Quakers in the church), and sometimes was related to cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for this last part, but what fascinates in this movie is that she is never exactly cynical, only she comments on cynicism, which is in the worries of men and women in this age of their lives. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it's always great to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where Generation-X is not always upsetting in this 90's mode, but are they people who, if not in the central presumption of the film, which is not bad at all, but necessary, one would think that it would be somewhere in the streets of the city. Conceit is a picture of an old romantic image called the Brief Encounter, only here the intimacy is expressed in central figures between each other, where sweet sides are really acceptable ("I must tell you the secret," says Jessie, then bends into a kiss, ho-ho) , or in moments that appear along with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, in which the very movie is suddenly find a romantic romantic player in the middle of a romantic photo with such beautiful words available or with a hand reader and how Jessie and Celine can share, but we really see that they do it firsthand . Throughout the whole time Hawke and Delpy play roles interestingly - we can see how neuroses are formed in their adult life - because it can lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> Outstanding pictures and screenplay with an ear for a natural joke and a real sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, regardless of each other, because it can lead to something more. Who can say that you can not suddenly attach to someone, even for less than 24 hours, and be more attached than marriage? This may be Linklater's thesis, but it's more than just that. It's a very dense movie that will make me call him many times. Especially one scene, which is both tacky and brilliant, when they both talk "on the phone" in front of them, imitating their exhibitions, can go to a friend of the second. A +
