A lot of critical remarks regarding this thread seem to indicate the comparison of this movie with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films he chooses, but the similarities to "Deadly Storm" and "Watch over the Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point presented in "Casablanca" is the seemingly unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science, because they chose Paul Lukas instead of an Oscar for the best actor. I do not think it's completely wrong. Lukas had a good career in the film (both here and in England - he is a villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart had more great performances in it than Rick Blaine (for example, two years earlier he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra", which were prime performances and he did not want to win an Oscar for his biggest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure Of Sierra Madres", writer / suspect in the murder in "In A Lonely Place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" later - he got it for Charley in " The African Queen "). I think that God should have done it for the role of Dobbs, but it did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he understood that his career was smaller. Few can claim it. <br /> <br /> For me, the film that I look at from "Watch On The Rhine" is based on Hellman's different play / script "The Searching Wind". They both look at the American spirit of isolationism in the twenties and thirties. "The Searching Wind" really looks at the entire interwar period, while "Watch On The Rhine", taking place in the years preceding the entry to World War II, takes a few weeks. That is why it is better structured as a game and more significant for its influence. <br /> <br /> The film has many good performances, conducted by Lukas as an exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping his character as low as possible, because Lukas is the center of the art) , Coulouris as a selfish, clever but ultimately stupid and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as mother Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as smarter and sadder Coulouris and having enough wife) and Kurt Katch, who delivers crushing criticism (as head of Gestapo local embassy) about Coulouris and others who will deal with the Nazis. He has a dialogue with a bite in it. And what he says is quite true. He also has moments of close poetry. Follow the scene at the end when Coulouris is alone with Lukas and Davis and says: "The new world has left the stage for the Old World." Hellman sometimes wrote very well. <br /> <br /> Given the power of the film script and performances, I would rate this film highly among films from World War II.
