Before sunrise, it's an affair for a generation of idlers. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an unconventional story about the fulfillment of the dreams of most people. The film presents romance in all its glory, but without any traps that affect most couples; in short, the film tells about two people whose relationship is as close to perfection as it gets to the relationship - with one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships diminish over time, this relationship retains its power all the time, and the time itself is the only thing that is consuming. Before sunrise, it is certainly not a typical sentimental "Hollywood romance", which is another aspect that puts these movie leagues in front of the contenders. The story is about two people, Jesse; American and Celine; Frenchwoman who meets on the train to Vienna. They connect immediately, and after he told her his terrible idea of ​​a television program and almost got off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him on a day in picturesque Vienna ... <br /> <br /> Before sunrise it works mainly for two reasons - realistic acting and a huge script that builds characters through their thoughts and feelings, and thus allows us to get to know them as we do in real life. Thanks to that heroes can be free and it's easy to believe that they are real people, not just actors working on the basis of a script. It also allows us to sense the heroes of who they are, not just because they are heroes. This kind of realism is difficult to grasp, because at the end of the day we, as the audience, know that they are watching a movie and not watching real life; but before sunrise it is one of the truest realism exhibitions that you could ever see on the screen. A really great screenplay can not work alone and it needs great actors to deliver it to the extent that it does justice, and although I'm not a fan of either Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; by watching this movie, you can do nothing, just give them both respect. I do not know if they had character or just played but when the movie is so good; It almost does not matter. <br /> <br /> In such a film the most important thing is writing, and the scripts included in it are a few insights about life, most of which I could personally refer to. This is a reflection of what Richard Linklater achieved thanks to this script because he not only creates and builds characters, but also reveals what true love is, along with several other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes are personally known to me, again represents the brilliance of writing. Everyone is different, so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There may be some aspects about one person that one person loves and the other hates; and this is the case for consideration in this script. The beauty of the film complements the city of Vienna. The city itself is not so important for the film, because it is a story that could take place almost everywhere - but it makes beautiful visuals appear, and the optimistic, energetic romance that blooms throughout the film blends with the beauty of the location. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life, never overdoing or being too sentimental. Before sunrise, it is what it is. And this is pure cinematic brilliance.
