When I found the movie in the Christmas schedule, its title did not sound familiar because I did not read the novel and heard nothing about the film. However, after reading the content, I decided to spend Christmas evening watching the movie. The effect surprised me completely: I do not remember when I last saw a movie in which every moment involved me. And VOW TO CHERISH is undoubtedly one of the films that is now a real surprise that I received from the cinema. Here are some of my arguments why I think this movie is a very underestimated piece of good cinema. <br /> <br /> First of all, the whole content is especially educational. It has something to offer to the modern public - pure right faith and several answers to universal questions. Is there a need for Christ in our time? Does love still matter? Why is faith? What is the logic of burden and suffering in life? Is there really Someone on my side that I can always trust? The film provides answers through content, because everything that happens to the characters may well meet each of us. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the film is extremely humane. The main characters experience internal struggles and deal with extremely difficult decisions. Is it better that Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) start their lives and forget about the family or keep the values ​​they learned at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his ill wife and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman he falls in love with? In fact, Ellen does not recognize him anymore ... However, he decides to vow HIS WIFE eternal loyalty. If John's rebellious brother Phil (D. David Morin), he continued his easy life, although it does not bring him satisfaction or begin to seriously think about his life. Phil's prayer to God in the park is a psychological masterpiece of the universal aspect of humanity. These words can be equally well spoken by everyone, no matter where, when or how they live. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the film is a great family show, not popular today: there are still problems, there is always something stronger that connects these people. This "something" is love and trust. I know it may seem a little idealistic. Not all families can rely on faithfulness and it may not be that easy. However, this is a very educational and realistic aspect. <br /> <br /> Fourthly, the whole film focuses on helping people. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we must understand one thing: we must help each other. An example of such an attitude is Alexander (Ossie Davis). At the beginning of the film, we see him talking with John about prayer. He helps his brother later. Alexander is an "angel" who is sent to John and his family. Is it not possible that we become angels? <br /> <br /> Fifth, it's worth paying attention to artistic features. RESULTS: Barbara Babcock gives an authentic performance as Ellen, and although he has a difficult role, he does an excellent job. Consider, for example, the moment in which he appears at school and he wants to teach again. Ken Howard is also memorable as a faithful husband. PHOTO: The most memorable for me was the scene of John and Ellen in the park walking on fallen leaves (autumn), while the sun (love) is spreading everywhere. I interpreted it as a kind of symbol: even if it is sad, it can always be illuminated with light and joy ... <br /> <br /> VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful movie that realistically showed me what it means to love, as well as faithfulness, once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe. Finally, I would like to quote deep words from the film, which I found very touching and I hope you will do it too. Kyle to his uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) is living the Bible. But no one is forcing you. However, according to what rules do you live?
