I will tell you the story of the summer of 1994. A friend and I took part in a concert on the occasion of Canada Day in Barrie and it was one of the best Canadian bands in this age. We arrived there at four in the morning, we waited in the queue for most of the morning, and when the door opened at 9am, we were among the first in the gate. Then we waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly moving, but we did not care because the headliners were among our favorites. At one point, in the early afternoon, I sat down and fell asleep to the barrier. I was awakened by my shock and horror screaming girl dressed in Reostatyka shirt. This is the reason why I hate rheostats to this day. There is nothing sane or determined by the taste, or anything but their fandom. Snotty about me, right? So, in my hatred of the band, I refused to enjoy Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to say what he lost because he lives in a fantastic residence, sandwiched between the ocean and mountains (the BC region where the film was made, is breathtaking). The life that most of us dream about is eradicated by dreams, ghosts and our own past, up to the day that a teenage criminal breaks in ... and, apparently, breaks it out of the blue. the cinema suffers from several problems. In general, the lack of money, as well as the unbearable lack of requests for help (as if some function has ceased to be Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not like to see anything sounds or looks like, no, not American movie. Then, Canadian scriptwriters often seem so caught up in strangeness that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Thirdly, they seem to think that unpaid nudity (often full-fledged) makes something artistic. I'm sure that anyone who watches enough Canadian films, especially late at night at CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "do not do it" textbook somewhere, and Canadian filmmakers dumped it a long time ago. <br /> <br /> In the 1990s and early twentieth century, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's and brilliant CRAZY's work) broke this form and managed to keep what makes them Canadian while maintaining production values and great stories. Whale music is such a film on the surface. Deeper than just Canadian isms, it is a deeply moving story about a man who lost his grip, through grief and excess, which is redeemed through music and then through love. And it even repurchases Rheostatics. :)
