"Emma" was a product of what could be called the first cycle of the great Jane Austen from the mid-nineties, and recently appeared on British television, undoubtedly due to the interest of the author created by the second cycle of Great Jane Austen, which I began with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We now have Austen's biography "Becoming Jane" in theaters, and ITV has recently produced three TV films based on Austen's novels. These include 'Northanger Abbey', the only of the six major novels that have not been filmed before, so the cycle should now end. No doubt, however, there will be more in the near future. (There is her adolescent "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short novel "Lady Susan", and someone somewhere probably provided the ending of her two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." Are all these Austen sequels thrown away by modern writers? ?????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (No, according to some reviewers, Victorian England - Austen died before the birth of Queen Victoria). Emma is much finer than most Austen heroines such as Elizabeth Bennett and Fanny Price, and there is no need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, her main occupation seems to be finding husbands for friends. He persuades his friend Harriet to refuse a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing Harriet should focus on an ambitious clergyman, Mr. Elton. This scheme, however, is devastatingly bad, because Elton is not interested in Harriet, but she fell in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes her wonder why she wanted to match her friend so much that she considers her (not without reason) an inappropriate partner for herself. Because this is the plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be a less engaged lady than she seems, and she is also in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she will not get married without feeling, and when she finds a partner, handsome Mr. Knightley, we feel that it will really be a tender marriage. It seems, however, that this is not a very passionate passion (unlike, say, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (21, 37 years old) and associated with her through marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. Much more a father figure than her real father, a bizarre and selfish old hypochondriac who seems more like his grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably talkative and arduous friend, Miss Bates, Knightley chases her for lack of manners. (His name is likely to indicate that his gentlemen's nineteenth-century gentlemen like to consider themselves the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their sophisticated knightly codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their parties very well, but this is not really one of the big romances on the screen. <br /> <br /> From other characters I liked vulgar Mrs. Elton Juliet Stephenson and Harriet Toni Collette. I know that in the novel, Harriet was a naïve young teenager, while here she is more like the character that Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding" - an abdominal, overweight, twenty-something, worried about her chances of finding a man. Nevertheless, I felt that this characteristic works well in the context of the film and does not diminish the themes of Austen. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's more light works, without the dark undertones of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", which is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes, elegant costumes and good manners. In addition to the cruel Gypsies who look very short, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and because they live in such a picturesque, rose-covered thatched house that would change hands today at over 500,000 pounds, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In the world of Emma, ​​poverty is defined as the lack of own, magnificent home. Of course, this is not a comprehensive picture of life from the early nineteenth century, but no one has ever claimed that Austen is the equivalent of a kitchen sink. A sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a keen eye to analyze human character, was more in her line. <br /> <br /> I would not rate this film as high as "Sensible and sensitive" from 1994 or the recent "Pride" and "prejudice" - it has a tendency to drag a little inside, although it has a strong beginning and a strong ending - but it is usually a very nice adaptation of Austen. 7/10
