Romance is in the air, and love flourishes in the Victorian era in England, in this laid-back tale set in society at a time when manners were still fashionable, ladies were charming and elegant, and gentlemen laughed. 'Emma', based on Jane Austen's novel and screenwritten and directed by Douglas McGrath, plays the charming role of Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. A self-proclaimed matchmaker, Emma is very happy with the romantic idea of ​​playing Cupid and trying to pair those she considers appropriate. Starting out of a successful match that ended with a marriage, he decides to find a partner for his friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt turns out to be less than satisfying. Meanwhile, her efforts are softened by handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose insight into the affairs of the heart often seems to be a bit smarter than Emma, ​​and gives some balance to the procedure. And Emma, ​​so disturbed by what is good for others, neglects the heart that is actually the most important: her own. The world is spinning, and love abounds, but Emma will soon leave the boat. Fortunately for her it is someone who is right for her waiting on the wings. Now, if it can, but it will stop long enough to understand it. But like everyone who has come to know true love, he knows that heart issues can go right or wrong in an instant, depending on the smallest thing; and although romance is within the reach of Emma, ​​he must first recognize her and use the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has made and delivered a great, good movie that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be frivolity, but in retrospect this story is about something that is probably the most important thing - to be honest - almost everyone: love. And thanks to McGrath's impeccable sense of pace and time, all this takes place in a completely entertaining and enjoyable way. This is a nice movie with a great cast that successfully moves the viewer to another time and place. It's a light meal, but absorbing; and the picturesque surroundings and conduct provide a sense of well-being and peace that allow you to immerse yourself in it and just go with the flow. <br /> <br /> Winning Paltrow, who won an Oscar for Best Actress for "Shakespeare In Love" two years after doing this, seems comfortable and appropriate in this genre. He personifies all British things and does so with such naturalness and ease that it is a kind of performance that can easily be taken for granted or omitted altogether. It's just so good at what it does and makes it look so easy. He has a charismatic presence on screen and an engaging way, very similar to Audrey Hepburn. However, Paltrow is unique. As an actress she has a wide range and style and showed - in such films as "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "A Perfect Murder" - that she can effectively play almost every part, and at the same time the personal touch that makes her play any role. But with characters like Emma it really shines. It's so expressive and open, and its personality is so addictive that it's someone with whom it's easy to make contact and just enjoy watching, no matter what role it plays. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam also admits in the role of Knightley, and like Paltrow, he seems to fit the genre - in the right role, that is; his performance in the newer "The Golden Bowl", in which he played the Italian prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, it is perfect; he is handsome and wears in a way that Knightley is credible and very real. Like Mr. Darcy Colin Firth in the miniseries "Pride and Prejudice," Northam created an unforgettable character with his own Knightley. <br /> <br /> Also excellent supporting roles and memorable memories are Toni Collette, as Friend of Emma Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton. Accordingly, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people and as such become an important asset to the overall success of this film. And it shows how invaluable players are in the world of cinema and films of any genre. <br /> <br /> Supporting cast includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). The uplifting, elegant film "Emma" reminds us of civilized behavior, and the value of gentleness and grace in the world too often plagues unpleasantness. And even if it's only thanks to the magic of the silver screen, it's nice to be able to escape to a world like this, even for a few hours, because it meets the need to renew the belief in the human spirit. And this is the magic of movies. I rate this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
