A little improved "Nothing" can be a movie for children. It is a very clever concept, it touches some of the metaphysical topics of interest and is contradictory to any Hollywood convention you can think about ... which goes against everything more than literally "nothing"? Nothing is a story about two friends who wish the world to leave when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that is left is what they do not hate, and a large empty white space. It's difficult to concentrate the story on two actors for most of your movie, especially without any cuts in what's happening outside of the story. Focuses on almost one topic, but it is the most important territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen "Cube", you already know that it has a tendency to a similar type of situation. "Nothing" in this film is apparently an infinite space, but Natalia manages to somehow make it a bit claustrophobic, if only because there is nothing literally different and nowhere else. Actors sell it, although it can be said that they are friends. Two actors from "Cube" come back here (Worth and Kazan), but these are completely different characters. They change throughout history, and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least credible. <br /> <br /> I say that this can be a children's film under the appropriate amendments, because apart from a few f-bombs and a slightly unnecessary sequence of bloody dreams, the capricious and often stupid sensations of this movie can be easily digested by children. I think it is a strange choice that the authors decided to add some shitty language and a small amount of gore, especially considering that there is not too much of it. It would be easy to get a PG score if they just cut out a few things and changed a small dialogue. This film is hardly objectionable, but enough to stop parents from seeing them through children. I'm just saying it's a shame, because it's not because I support censorship, but because it could be the only thing that prevented the film from getting a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> In any case, it is quite an entertaining movie, albeit with a few stretched scenes. But when it comes to literally being nothing and focusing exclusively on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent movie.
