After watching CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this inept ability to make a story and almost does not twist her like a wet towel on the entire plot she can get. Instead, it allows the stories themselves to develop in a natural way, so that in fact you can believe that there is a cube that people try to escape, or in the case of NIC, a large empty space where there is ... nothing! The advertisement immediately surprised me. It seemed so easy! Take two characters that no one likes, and send them to a world where nothing is there. Natali does it simply because you forget about logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world does not become the irony of the film. There is nothing but "something". <br /> <br /> It might be a good moment to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was lucky to understand that the film is based on a more comedic side than in other cases. That's why when I was watching a movie, I was laughing from time to time, while someone who was misleading could be completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I can take a moment to give the film praise, in which the film stands out is a concept. It's a genius idea to have a world of nothing and put two characters there, NOT two brilliant characters who will philosophize and work out their surroundings, but two idiots who absolutely have no idea where the hell they are! Another strong point is the movie, although at first glance it may not seem like it! Where every wall, north, earth, south, west, top and bottom is just a white surface, the perception of depth becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are located in Mis-En-Scene. Cinematography has many moments in which this is actually happening, but most of the camera is placed in such a way that two characters or an object and a figure are placed in the foreground and background, allowing depth to be realized. /> <br /> In this video, however, there are some areas missing. The film is relatively short, but nevertheless the novelty of this world does not become boring, and you want to find some form of resolution in the story. We can also argue that the action is again doubtful. These two characters are somewhat dissimilar to each other, so we do not feel sympathy for these characters. However, on the other hand, chemistry and friendship between the two characters seem real enough, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, I consider it a completely enjoyable movie! Do not be fooled by the trailer that this is another science-fiction horror. It's much more comedy than this! It is, however, worth seeing, just for the concept itself!
