Director Vincenzo Natali showed his passion for character-based science fiction movies for the first time with his short 1997 film "Elevated", in which three people remain trapped in an elevator while invisible monsters roam the building. His continuing feature "Cube", released in the same year, had a very similar assumption, this time with six people and instead of the elevator it was a huge development of cubic deadly traps. Both were admirable attempts to go a step further in the science fiction genre, deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, choosing instead to spend as much time as possible, focusing on the human element, how characters act, react and interact under incomprehensible and unsafe conditions . After exploring the mainstream with "Cypher" from 2002, Natali returned to his bizarre trend in the character's movie to bring us "Nothing", his latest and definitely the most optimistic and comedic picture of the wide world cinema "What If? "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are longtime friends, connected by mutual detachment from society and the lack of others. Dave, who has always been hampered by a selfish and somewhat depressed nature, lives with Andrew without rent in his poorly located and poorly built home, where he often uses Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. In spite of all this, the two maladaptors are happy together until one day their deep defects of character, combined with some astronomical bad luck, land in the middle of some serious, worthy prison sentence. What's more, they discover that their home has been declared uninhabitable and is to be demolished before sunset, so in a hazy, nightmarish panic that everything goes wrong, they want the whole world to disappear. And it happens. <br /> <br /> Going further with the summary, it would expose a lot of slow movie (sometimes too slow) to reveal what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they deal with the new reality. Natali's fascination with studying human forced behavior (ala The Birds) is here, but by simply creating friends of the main characters, not strangers, she is able to break away from the element of the thriller-horror of this assumption to open them to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he were doing the aphoristic opposite of the "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sun. According to fundamental realism, the dynamics of our two anti-heroes often becomes antagonistic, sometimes with quite nasty results. Like the game "Desert Island", the film shows how even the best friends, when they are alone, can fall apart, but at the same time show that friends are essential to the quality of existence. In a very twisted, sci-fi way, it is a good feeling, with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are a few inconveniences related to "Nothing". While the two leading actors, Hewlett and Miller, are doing well with their parts, their characters are not as interesting as they should be, given that it depends on them, whether they will be entertaining us for much of the hour. There is some development of the relationship and personality of Dave and Andrzej, some origin is given, but ultimately it is not enough. A generous viewer will be sitting in less engaging parts of the movie to see him until the end, but the cynics will probably give up quickly. <br /> <br /> The operation, as mentioned, is appropriate and considering the amount of "green screen" work that would be needed, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who both wrote the screenplay, were longtime friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett actually performed in every movie that made Natali. Perhaps it was their creative contribution, which directed this film in a more positive direction. Nevertheless, history could have been much more engaging. It is true that it is quite funny, since (no pun intended) nothing really happens, but you get the impression that you could do more with this assumption in more experienced hands. <br /> <br /> In all honesty "Nothing" is an impressive work in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is ingenious, the script works at the human level, and above all it shows the progress of Natalia's creative mentality. For fans of his work it will be a joy, and for others it will be a nice way to get some unwanted time. It is a pity that the director's fixation of the human drama made it impossible for him to create a great, fun movie.
