Nothing is fantastic! Simple! This is a movie that should not work yet. Natali remains in sci-fi, but this movie is also a comedy. It seemed that Cypher was a great challenge for Natalia (from $ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!), So he does not scale himself again with Nick. It's a low budget, independent film production at its best. A simple, old-fashioned story telling and an attempt to make a movie about artistic value, corresponding to the usual causes of Hollywood mainly for financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing, and before you ask, no, it's not something like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange house on two highways. Andrew is a teleshopping travel agency that is agorphobic, while Dave is Andrews' best friend who stays with him for free to help him. Dave, however, is tired and has a great girl to whom he wants to move. However, due to strange misfortunes, Dave learns that his girlfriend has misappropriated a huge sum of money from Dave's workload, which Dave is accustomed to, and that Andrew is wrongly accused of assaulting a sexual scout (Canadian people with humor!). As it turns out, Andrzej's house is also to be demolished, and he can not stop what's happening because the house was built on land, it should not be built. Both Andrew and Dave are at home when the police and demolition team are calling. They are desperate and can not escape, and in panic and confusion, when the police break, everything becomes white. What happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to find themselves at home, only that it is quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry mother scouts! Dave and Andy discover that they can "wish or hate". As it turns out, they hated the whole outside world. They are alone. The house is surrounded by nothing that is presented as pure white. This means that the movie setting is a home set and then white. The film is an interesting look at human isolation and psyche, and of course, because they spend more time alone, without food and without water, they start to tire. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful, but of course things get out of control. I can not reveal much, but I must say that jumping heads is an incredible sight. <br /> <br /> This movie is bizarre, funny, interesting. The effects are simple but effective, and Natali brings together two buddies from Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and they work very well. They have to keep 90% of the film on their own, and most of them on a pure white background, but it works. I certainly expect it to become as diabolical as Cypher and should appear on DVD for a year or two in the states. Nothing is of the highest quality and unique film, and although it is not as good as Cube or Cypher, it proves once again that Natali is one of the best and the best. functions so far and I am looking forward to its next function. I feed on god, who does not make the proposed necropolis, written and directed by the suffering ADD, the eternal shit of Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old buddy, if Paul comes to your pad, RUN !!! BECAUSE AS THE WIND !! I hope and I hunt this guy who does not go to Hollywood like Alex Proyas (with a nice, but pussy, sugar-covered helium light: I Robot!). Keep your eyes wide open for this guy. ****
