When it came out, it was the most modern movie entertainment. To this day, it is more fun than most, largely because James Cagney plays the main role as a producer of the music prologue in the future and protected from all storms by his faithful "girlfriend on Friday" played by Joan Blondell. Also the musical numbers at the end, which were created by Busby Berkeley, are almost a knockout when it comes to this kind of thing. <br /> <br /> But this is a strange movie. In one of these numbers, you have Billy Barty running, pretending to be a nice little kid, doing different weird things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a disgusting smile on her face all the time, but at least she does not have to act like in some of the later unfortunate movies. You would never guess that Dick Powell was some tough guy who did not see him in this movie; apparently all the energy of the tough guy was assigned to the Cagney star. When it comes to Cagney, his quick races about music shows, etc. are both engaging and irritating. After a while it gets a bit too much. You expect him to come out and say, "Hey! I have a great idea for the prologue! Women are cigarettes and come from a pack of fumes! Oh, no, we did it last month! "It's fun, but it's a bit repetitive. In moments when she has to face a bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, she comes out of her famous gangster hero Cagney. In fact, the frequent gangster director B, William Keighley, is considered a dialogue coach here and it seems that sometimes Cagney and Blondell refer to something very "street", even though the characters are not criminals. numbers ... what can you say? They are independent as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really surprising. But none of them mean anything. It means a "honeymoon hotel", nothing more or less. And the semblance of integration immediately breaks down, because the protagonists of the series do things that the theater audience can not appreciate, as the film presents. For example, at some point, they show a small print on the newspaper, such things. Everything can only exist on a film, so the idea that prologues are actually live performances is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience at the time was a little less critical of such things than a decade later, because it is a very refined production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see Cagney himself, besides his great dancing skills, and he can share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry, and their scenes are really good. The music I would say is only average, but mostly pleasant, if repetitive. Bacon's direction is generally very appropriate, but it is never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is undisputed, and on the way it has also gained nostalgic value. This is a film with over 30 years of "make a show".
