Beginning, here's a summary: Queen Porn Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her porn lover Max (George Shannon) in a sexual game of Russian roulette. Another lover Alta, an ice-cast lesbian casting agent, Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has her own plan and plan to seduce the innocent actress Julie (again Lynn) into a network of sexual mind games. When the lookalikes identity is sufficiently blurred, the scene is revenge as a passionate, most heated body meeting. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is quite unclear and has never attracted attention, I consider it a sexy, tense gem. The iconic goddess Woronov has one of her best roles, and she and the sexy, innocent Lowry are doing well. The disturbing music of Gershon Kingsley plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You Never Let Me Me Down") and Jaynetts "Sally, Go" Round the Roses "create an unforgettable soundtrack. The direction of Theodore Gershuny is sharp, and everything is photographed in subdued shades of earth, which perfectly suggests a distasteful interest, bubbling under the upper crust of society. With lots of great New York atmosphere, Ondine (friend of Woronova and colleague Warholite) giving a great performance in a small role, and an exotic Monique Van Vooren as ex-wife of Max in a comic sub-story. This sub-thread, though funny, looks like it belonged to another movie. However, I do not complain, because the movie is fluid, even when it changes gears and is much more interesting than the rubbish with the erotic-thriller, which are now twisted. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally rated as X (soft-core) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of the original poster with one sheet - I'm lucky! In 1977, the film was cut out on R and re-released by Troma Team, which now offers it on a videotape. At that time, Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny and apparently he felt uncomfortable performing graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes from which he jumped behind the camera. You can also see it in two of his earlier productions, Kemku (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
