Very early film by Oliver Stone (associate) and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the world's only independent film studio Troma, creators of Toxic Avenger and the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, awarded for lifetime filmmaking for over 30 years ). After collecting the money for this film, Lloyd wrote the script together with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and in retrospect regrets that he heard advice that Gershuni filmed the film instead of doing it himself. But then he was still inexperienced in the industry and probably because of such decisions that there is nobody left without any sense. Indeed, it would be interesting to see the version of Lloyd's own script - as one of the most original, bold, experimental and uncompromising directors would probably provide him an even greater advantage than it already is. But because it is a movie directed by Gershuni. And the weather he owes to a strong script, or the fact that he himself is really his own director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, very tight and well-made film that deserves much more attention than it receives. A low budget, which a small studio (even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years, Michael Herz, formed Troma) had to work, is so well treated that the film looks much more expensive, in fact there is no "low budget " at all. The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover, who ends her life in circumstances where I will not reveal that it does not spoil a great story. This leads to subsequent twists, mind games and personality reforms that are loosely inspired by Hitchcock's dizziness and at least as ingenious. However, the atmosphere is much more gloomy and I think of a comparison with PERFORMANCE by Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell. In this mix is ​​a very original and ingenious erotic thriller with a load, which makes it unclear how it will end, what together with a well-knit sub-thread with a nod to the earlier Kaufman and unfortunately unavailable BIG GUSS WHAT IS FUSS, makes it very exciting hour and a half. Certainly one of the best films in the Troma library, and once again one of those movies that oppose the strange fantasy that their catalog is a bad taste. The DVD contains several recent interviews that Kaufman leads with Woronov and another leading lady Lynn Lowry (later seen in THE CRAZIES by George Romero), giving an interesting insight into what was happening during the creation of this iconic favorite and a few tips it would have been different if Lloyd had managed it himself. Highly recommended.
