My former contemporary Cambridge, Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, put forward the theory that, as British filmmakers in the 1980s often criticized what they called "British Thatcher," Ealing's comedies were meant to be satires. " Attlee's Britain ", Great Britain, which was created after the Labor Party's victory in the general election in 1945. This theory probably was not meant to, say, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which is, if at all, satire in the higher Edwardian classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain satire, but it is not political. However, it can be used for most other films in this series, especially for the "Passport to Pimlico". <br/> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was in the forties, mainly a working class district of London, located on the north bank of the Thames, about a mile from Victoria Station. It is not quite right to say how often it was said that the film is about Pimlico "declaring independence" of Great Britain. It happens that the ancient card reveals that in the fifteenth century this area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that technically Pimlico is an independent state and has existed for nearly five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of residents. The government promises to pass a special parliamentary bill to correct the anomaly, but until the law receives Royal Assent, the area remains outside the UK, and British laws are not applicable. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the owner of a local pub can freely open any hour, and local shopkeepers can sell what they like, whoever they want, without any restrictions in the rules of regulation. When other traders begin to move into the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are terrified of what they consider a legalized black market and cut off the area to try to force the "Burgundians" as Pimlico people have changed their name to they gave up. <br /> <br /> Many of Ealing's comedies have the main idea of ​​a little man who takes on a system, or as a unit, as happens in "Man in a white suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob" or as part of larger community, as happens in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The main theme of the Passport is ordinary men and women accepting the bureaucracy and regulations imposed by the government, which seemed an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. The specific purpose of the film is the rationing system. During the war, the system was accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but it became more and more controversial politically when the government tried to keep it in peace. This was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was elected by a large majority in 1945. And organizations such as the League of British Housewives were appointed to campaign to lift the rationing. I can not agree with the reviewer who said that the main purposes of the film satire were "spivy" (black marketers), who play a relatively small role in the action, or the Housewife League, which does not appear at all. Satire is very much aimed at bureaucrats who are portrayed as having a "rule-for-rule" mentality or a desire to cross the border and avoid taking any action. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the movie was made today, it would have a different ending, because Pimlico would remain independent as the British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect that today this concept will probably serve as the basis of a television sitcom, not a movie). However, in 1949, Four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were very focused on patriotism and British identity, so the film ends with the reabsorbing of Pimlico in the UK. One of the most famous lines from the movie is: "We have always been English and we will always be English, and this is because we are English people who we hold for our right to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the rather soulless attitude of officiality and the common sense, tolerance and good humor of the Cockneys of Pimlico, all of which are presented as typically British features. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during the summer drought and hot heat wave, but in the last scene after Pimlico's return to the UK the temperature drops and it starts to rain. Global warming could have changed the situation a bit, but for many years part of being British was the ability to sustain belief, regardless of the statistics that could say the contrary, that Britain had an extremely humid climate. Equally important was the ability to joke about this climate. <br /> <br /> Stanley Holloway is a good performance as Arthur Pemberton, a seller and a small local politician who becomes prime minister of free Pimlico, and a funny episode with Margaret Rutherford as professor of batty's history. Basically, however, this is suitable enough for a small community movie that blends together, an example of a band's performance without real star performances, but with all those who contribute to a great movie. He lacks the ill will and grudges of many new satirical films, but his wit and satire are no less effective. It remains one of the funniest satire bureaucrats ever made and, with the exception of the unique "Kind Hearts and Coronets", is my favorite of Ealing's comedy. 10/10
