It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, there are no special attempts at distortions or surprises, and it emphasizes virtually every stereotype that the genre has developed over decades, but it does not necessarily have to be a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this vague but intense shocking feature of the 1980s, which benefits mainly from a handful of brutal images and even a brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and her two equally attractive friends travel to a small California town to make a documentary about the anniversary festival, but their hotel forgot to register their reservation. When looking for a place to stay, the trio encounters an exaggeratedly friendly but suspicious curator of the Ernest Keller museum, who invites girls to stay in his remote country house. Girls in turn experience that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria hide a dark and murderous secret in their home. "The Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse combination of horror classic "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The story is a series of well-known themes that have become notorious and endlessly imitated thanks to these two films, such as twisted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, crazy inborn killers and very unappetizing treatment of chickens. I do not consider them negative, because "The Unseen" is a completely unpretentious and modestly disturbing thriller, which apparently was never supposed to be the greatest classic of the horror of the decade. Although the conspiracy is quite clear quite quickly, the director Steinmann tries to keep the secret, keeping the evil present in the house "invisible", as promised the title. Choosing the casting and acting performances are really what raises the sleeper above the average level. Sydney Lassick, immortalized since his role as a restless psychiatric patient Charley Cheswick in the movie "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is really the perfect choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His stubborn kindness and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needs. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually changes from invisible to visible, gives a gigantic performance as "Junior". He looks and acts like an authentic disabled man, and his attempts to get closer to Jennifer in the basement are really annoying. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable, but still strong movie from the early 80s, which will certainly appeal to fans of the exploitation of the '70s and, in general, strange things.
