Get this video if possible. You will find a really good performance by Barbara Bach, beautiful photos of a dignified (and incredibly clean), but terrifying old house and an unexpected virtuoso performance ?? "Invisible". I chose a used copy of this movie because I wanted to see more Bach, which I just watched in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I really love classic actresses and I appreciate them even more if they can act a bit. So: we start with a nice, fresh assumption. TV reporter Bach comes out on a boyfriend and goes to a festival in the California city of Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish origin by organizing a great folklore festival. He brings with him a butler who is her sister and another associate. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister and if you know who the stars are, with whom each of these women is a wife, it is just too funny to watch Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamma (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) walking down the street having sister's argument.)) Anyway? Bach's unhappy beau follows Solvang after her because he has not finished arguing with her. There is a lot of affection between them, but she does not want to watch him get out of his breakneck football career. Ladies come to Solvang to do the job for their station, just to find a reservation for someone else. (Maybe to Bach's boyfriend, because think about where he'll stay?). The girls ask, but there is nowhere to go. Erroneously trying to get to the old hotel, which now serves only as a museum, they attract the interest of the owner of Mr. Keller (the late Sidney Lassick), who decides to become a gentleman and put him in his home, claiming that his wife will gladly receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know that Keller calls his wife, warns her about the upcoming company and threatens to have fun. Trouble in paradise! Ladies gladly settle in and return to Solvang to make the material and talk to the Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave her behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (played with despair by a pretty Lelia Goldoni) who looks like she just lost her best friend. By the way ?? under the weather Vicki dumps her clothes and gets into a nice hot tub, not realizing that Keller has crept into her room to view the keyhole. He hears him, thinks he came to deliver the bedding and thanks her. Lassick did a great job on this scene, expressing the anguish of a fat old voyeur who did not have a long enough look. After his departure, poor Vicki falls into bed for a nap, but is quickly snatched (in a really decent, terrifying action) by something BIG, who apparently stalked through the grating on the floor? Invisible! Lamm goes back home (Bach ends an argument with his beau) and can not find anyone at home. He knocks a plate with fruit in the kitchen, and on his hands and knees collects it, hair and a fashionable scarf are temptingly bow over the black floor grate? attracting the Invisible again! Well, at about this time, when poor Lamm calms down in the kitchen, we're doing a retrospective of Mr. Keller's past and we get a full story of what his sick, sadistic background really is and why his wife does not smile too much. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick was informed about the afternoon slaughter by his crying wife and decides that he can not let Bach leave the premises to reveal the secret of his home. She tempts her to the basement, where the last act of the Keller family's tragedy finally opens up to us all. <br /> <br /> I can not say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I have never seen before; it is obvious that he was doing his homework, studying communication methods and expressing the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in a different way, just give the film a glow. Not only that, but the movie ends with a satisfying resolution. No stupid cheap tricks, dialogues with eyeballs, or pitifully cut corners ... A real treat for your collection.
