Dolph Lundgren has returned! Stopping means the first Dolphs movie for almost 2 years, and that behind the delayed Hidden Agenda. This movie is still an improvement for Dolpha compared to the cheaper trilogy Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. This film, however, is much below the standard Hidden Agenda, which was better in every respect. What this movie has to its advantage from Dolph's previous trip is a sense of bad fun. The movie also has a rejuvenated Dolph in the role of a high action and it's good to see how Dolph is doing his own acrobatics again. <br /> <br /> The story of the film is ridiculous and is a great material for film B. The former soldier is now a teacher, and on the last day of teaching, while taking a detention class, he meets some Slovak bad guys who took over the school to use it as a cover for a great drug deal. The film has no originality, but in a film of this type you must have a sense of fun with all cliches. If you take it too seriously, the audience will not be bored. Fortunately, filmmakers do not take things too seriously, and with all the action clichés that can be invented and predictable, this film has such a bad, pleasant climate. <br /> <br /> Where the film is allowed down it is misunderstood - with a fairly decent budget. A budget of around 10 million has not been well spent. Everything takes place on the screen with a lot of carnage and huge explosions, but many shootings lack imagination. The opening action is fine, but then the good moments become rarer. There are several good moments. For example, you have a car career through school corridors and, at the beginning, a decent shootout, with a lot of damage. The rest of the shootings are quite mechanical, but a lot is happening on the screen. <br /> <br /> As to the cast. Hidden Agenda boasts the best cast Dolph has been working on for centuries. There was a good level of actors for the DTV movie. However, this has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are horrible, but the main villain has something of pleasant fun, because Alex Karsis plays it in advance and without a trace of any threat that you can laugh at pure anger. Teens from this song are really good, but they play such cliched characters. Everyone hates power, everyone has a bad attitude, and of course they learn important life lessons to the end, but they are generally decent, and Chris Collins in particular has sympathy. This movie is all about Dolphie. Although this movie is not the best anywhere, it is not around. It is also a turning point in his career. He's in good shape now and will be in even better shape in his next Direct Action movie. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, he does all his own tricks and it's good to see him playing a typical action man (escaping from slow-moving explosions, one liner and serving large weapons) again in the movie, like his elders, although with less imagination and imagination than cliched movies like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolph look agitated. His films from the last eight years or more have seen that Dolph looked a bit weary, and using doublets very often (though he still fights), but the new streamlined Dolph seems to be ready for it. <br /> <br /> In general, this is only possible with the cheese and Dolph values ​​in the main human action mode. There is not a single surprise, but he has a ridiculously inept charm. **
