There is a political document from the latest year entitled Why We Fight, which attempts to explore the infamous military industrial complex and its embrace on this nation. It is considered both polemical and insightful in taking action against both this complex and the fiasco of war in which we are currently involved in Iraq. However, a much more known series of films with the same name was made during the Second World War by the Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although considered documentary and winning Oscars in this category, this series of seven films is really and truly agitprop, more in the style of Triumph of the Will Leni Reifenstal, scenes that Capra processes for its own purposes. That said, this fact does not mean that there is no relevant information that the next generation of documentary films of World War II (such as praised by BBC The World At War) was lacking, nor does it mean that its value as the main source is smaller . valuable. They are cleverly made, and after the recent purchase of some used DVDs in the discount store, I found myself with the option of choosing a free DVD when buying. I chose four DVDs from the Goodtimes DVD series. <br /> <br /> It is rare that something free is so invaluable. Although there are no add-ons on DVDs, and the sound quality of prints varies, these films give insight into the minds of Americans two-thirds of a century ago, when racism was evident (as in many classic Warner Brothers pro-war cartoons of the era) and there was nothing wrong in gross perversion of facts. The seven films produced in 1942-1945 are Prelude To War, Nazi Strike, Divide And Conquer, Battle of Britain, Battle of Russia, Battle of China and War come to America. <br /> <br /> In general, a series of movies is worth watching, not only for obvious reasons, but for the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of plurals for terms such as X millions when talking about dollars, instead of the current singular , or the most abused graphics in the entire series - a Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the complexity of attempts to apply past standards to current wars. The lesson of the First World War (avoiding foreign entanglements) did not apply to the Second World War, whose own lesson (act early against dictatorships) did not apply to the three major wars fought by America: Korea, Vietnam, Iraq. The fact that a significant part of this series is limited to the uncertainty of the times in which it was performed, only emphasizes its historical value in today's times of clogging of information. Maybe it will not help you sort out the truth from today's lies and propaganda, but at least you'll realize that you're not the first who is in such a weak position, and you will not be the last.
