It's a great action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and Dolph Lundgren's amazing performance, but Alex Karzis is horrible as a villain! The story is very good and I think children are nice, and Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing! The action scenes are great, and almost like Die Hard with the exception of the settings at school! Plus Plus Dobó is very dangerous and sexy like a midfielder! The final is very exciting and also has some nice emotional moments! However, I wanted him to have another villain, because Alex Karzis just did not cut him as a villain too OTT, and laugh for my tastes. In my opinion, this should be higher than 4.1, because I thought it was a great action movie, and although the children were sometimes very stupid, they became quite resourceful as the movie went together! ! The ending is very fun and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite student! And Dolph still has it! This is a great action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and an amazing performance of Lundgren !, but Alex Karzis is horrible as a villain, I still highly recommend this one! The direction is very good! Sidney J. Furie is doing a very good job here thanks to the camera's great work, good angles and keeping the film very fast! There is some blood and violence. We get very bloody gunshot wounds, knife on the side of the head, bloody arrows, impalas and other small things. Acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as usual and is amazing here, he is unbelievably nice, as usual he digs this ass, he had great chemistry with children, he had an amazing character, he is very charismatic and maybe he did not show great rage he was still great to watch! my favorite actors! (Lundgren's rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is a terrible god, like a villain, he is ridiculously OTT, he was boring and not at all serious, and shit made me nervous. Kata Dobó is very sexy, because the side kick and she did well with what she had to do was in my opinion a real villain! Corey Sevier is as funny as Mick, he was my favorite student and I really started to warm up in the second half, I liked him very much, he also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) are doing very well. Jennifer Baxter is very adorable and good as a fiancée. the rest of the cast is fine. Overall, I highly recommend this! *** 1/2 out of 5
