Jeopardy is a tight, satisfying thriller, cut above B, but not really big production. It qualifies as an experimental film, like the studio that produced it, Metro, desperately looking for new types of movies, stars and directors to compete with the new television medium. The director, John Sturges, was a beginner actor whose best years in front of him. Recently, he began filming films on level A and he was already the most talented craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were at very different stages of their careers. Stanwycek's glory years were behind her, and yet she could still wear the film, as she had proven. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of a dozen leading men who began working in movies in the 1940s who had never achieved the success they had hoped for. He was a great, weak actor, ready to fight, but rather at a higher level than in the upper class, which made him excellent in professional roles. As an escaped convict who is the only person who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under the pier and the wave is growing), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This outstanding actor had the misfortune to come to the movies after Brando and Clift. He was as good as any of them in his own way, but he lacked charisma. His bargaining with Stanwycek, which boils down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving his husband (only by presumption, as it is in 1953), is an intriguing premise that, if it were a different kind of film, could raise all interesting questions for Stanwyck. Meeker is actually a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in her scenes Stanwyck is lively than she is with her husband and son. But since this is a picture of the formula, not Strindberg's game, the possibility that Stanwyck might want to quit, despite the issue of her husband's troubles, remains unexplored. In this sense, the approaching tide does not have the kind of effect that one would expect, although the film remains tense and very funny thanks to the excellent acting, great location, almost everything outside, and the perfect direction through the pitifully underrated Mr. Sturges.
