It's a great little movie that's unique and creative, with some great twists and great performances! All characters are great, and the story is bizarre, fascinating and very interesting, and Nicole Kidman is simply amazing! It is very difficult to describe this film, because it is really bizarre, it's comedy / romance, a minute later turns into a thriller, but it was still very funny, and Nicole's Russian accent was fantastic and extremely persuasive. Chaplin and Kidman had very good chemistry and I loved the performance of Vincent Cassel! And some of the action phrases really surprised me! The ending was very cute and unpredictable all the time! Plus, this movie is also underappreciated! You'll be sorry about Chaplin and the way he was cheated, and I thought all the characters were really nice and the finale was particularly good. However, this is Nicole's film and carries it with her incredibly sexy performance! It's a great little movie, very unique and creative, with some great twists and great performances! I highly recommend this one! The direction is very good! Jez Butterworth is doing a very good job here, with excellent camera work, solid angles and keeping the film at a fast pace! Acting is great! Nicole Kidman, she's stunningly beautiful! And as always is amazing, she is incredibly sexy, very nice, she had one of the coolest touches, she added a lot of presence, she had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and she had a very mysterious character! it was amazing. (Kidman rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, he is extremely nice, he was cool, he had very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I did not like was getting rid of anger at Kidman, though what she did was wrong, and I loved how he finally took revenge! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes, he was OTT, but he was very intense and sometimes terrifying, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is fine here, but he did not have much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall, I highly recommend this! *** 1/2 out of 5
