I highly recommend this movie! And I will personally recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! With excitement I expected that I just ordered online, I liked it so much! It is not available until February / March 2008, but it's worth waiting! But first go and see it in the cinema, if you can. There is nothing like Cinema-Experience movie cinema! Insist that your local cinema include it! I went to London tonight for "Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinacle" and I was really impressed. It's a miracle: a really beautiful film set in the Scottish Highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will move in various ways, you will be intrigued, and when the story in the stories will be revealed, you will be amazed by this revelation. <br /> <br /> This movie is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let it ruin you if you're not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just starting out, and my son is not here, not many people there tonight, and no it ruined us no means! Superlatives are not enough! Photography is great - there is no CGI here, and the movie is the better - here you have a real photo! The screenplay is so skillfully and subtly written. The multi-layered plot intertwines the magical art of ancient storytellers. Music is sometimes thrilling, sometimes haunting, but always adding a moody atmosphere. And acting? ... this is ... and the actors? ... are real weavers of this delightful but deep film, especially the two main actors, "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" (True bard, if it was!), who both wore a very heavy load ! And direction? Watch out for Richard! And the producer responsible for fundraising, hiring key personnel and organizing distributors? Well done task! I hope you will ensure that distribution goes to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uill, it could not happen without you! We were told that this movie was made on a low budget, but you would not know about it and I think it may be due to the fact that for what they lacked money, they make up for the wealth of heart and the warmth and cooperation of the Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> Many thanks to everyone interested in creating and sponsoring "Seachd" - Mòran taing! (Many thanks!) From Gaels to the world! From the world to Gaels!
