To sum up this document in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber in your body tells you that this is not happening from the first assembly of rapid fire images until the last photo of ground zero cleaning, but each frame is real. The story was invented by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") want to make a documentary about firefighters from New York, starting with the "beginner" of the academy and following him through a 9-month trial period to a full-fledged firefighter. Seeking the help of his close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and fireman at Station 1, Engine 7, Naudets are screening "Probies" at the academy and finding one, Tony Benetakos, to focus most of his documentary on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the back of jokes and slowly gets to know the secrets of station life by members of this compact family. Firefighters have superstitions about the "Probies". The point is that they are "white clouds" or "black clouds", which means that with the latter all types of fires follow the "cat". The first means that there is very little fire activity, but one day there will be a mother of all fires. Tony is "White Cloud". After some initial growing pains, Tony settles in a firehouse, as if he was an experienced veterinarian. Then something unthinkable appears. <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001. Starts with a clear blue sky and early in the morning he calls to see if there is a gas leak near Wall Street. Because Jules had little experience with the camera, Gideon hands the camera to his younger brother and tells him to go with the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. After arriving around 8:42, firefighters start using gas detectors above the grate. The sudden roar of what seems to be a low-flying airplane pierces the stage, and when Jules moves up, we see the first strike of the day. The 11th flight of American Airlines crashed into the North Tower 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his people to the fire engine and they go to the World Trade Center. When you get there, Jules asks you to accompany the Boss in the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. After entering the center, the full effects of the growing catastrophe are beginning to appear on the faces of men whose only goal is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire station and descend to the impact zone. There he intercepts the impact of the second aircraft, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows that Jules is with Chief Pfeiffer in the towers. Watching and recording the reaction of the crowds to the unimaginable, Gideon begins to record on the tape the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. Inside the tower, one Jules records the last view of the world or his closest sons, fathers, uncles, grandparents, husbands, boys, friends, one by one, each firefighter, carrying 60 pounds of equipment, begins a long tedious climb of 80 stories to save the wounded and imprisoned. Jules also catches the last look that Pfeiffer's boss will have on his brother, Kevin, when he goes away to fulfill his selfless duty. The video also reveals the decaying sound of falling bodies hitting the pavement from the victims who decide to jump from the upper floors above the impact zones, earlier than facing death from the flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, he has never once caught a sensational moment ... money. His work is professional through the baptism of fire. She also catches the sight of debris falling from the tower after the second plane arrives and the orderly way in which firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is caught in the fall of the south tower and the first official victim is taken: priest Michael Judd, chaplain of the fire brigade. When Jules and the Leader Pfeiffer leave the second tower, the first tower begins a structural decline. <br /> <br /> What results gives a breathtaking, moving view from inside Ground Zero when Jules and Gideon work separately to document this day. Not knowing if anyone is alive, everyone is afraid of the worst. When every firefighter arrives at the watchtower, they greet each other with joyful hugs upon their return. In one moment, overwhelming emotions Jules and Gideon meet again. When Jules weeps on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother, because Hanlon makes the filmmakers the topic. There is one terrifying moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with the former boss, is considered missing ... but returns to the fold, this "cat" proved himself. <br /> <br /> Shown with just three breaks, September 11 is an amazing achievement in the field of documentary film making. Placed there with Hindenburg material showing history as it develops. Naudetów should be praised for the skillful handling of the topic. In smaller hands, the trend would be directed towards sensational ones, but Naudecs soften their perspective on dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we sense his words as he takes the viewers through the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro welcomes the program into a grim, reserved way. He never looks for a camera for his own glory, but rather presents scenes that you will soon see. I also praise CBS for their courage in imparting this unique one. Calmed down for trying to get ratings, they force their editors to share the relatives of those who have died. It must see everyone who must remember about true heroism. It's not about basketball dribbling, or about selling an album with hate texts ... September 11 is about humanity at its best. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
