An amazing document captured all the crazy chaos and misery that loomed over the NYC of this memorable morning of September 11th. Intensive, personal and completely riveting September 11 is probably the biggest document ever created by accident, which gives it even more attractiveness. Until the morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet watched the New York team of firefighters, focusing especially on one new recruit in a small piece that they shot, dealing with rigorous training to become a firefighter. Together with the band who was shooting the next simple routine cleaning this morning, Jules lifts the camera to the sky just in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane hitting the World Trade Center, and from there the simple document was no more. <br /> <br /> Viewers receive a first-hand account of what it's like to be around zero, as an amazing group of firefighters and one deeply stunned cameraman trying to navigate this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these automatically programmed heroes to the tower, while all support around them is falling apart. The raw fear of the unknown, approaching doom lurks with greater vitality than any fictitious production could ever fathom when we look less and less audible and visible to those trapped inside. Almost as memorable is Gideon's sincere hug by the older brother of the entire city in a crowd of greater and more tangible fear than anything they've seen together. Before we see the fall of the second tower, when the cameraman shuts off the apocalyptic debris, we should all rinse the dirt out of the incredibly closed material. <br /> <br /> Of course, the filmmakers deserve only the same as in the right place at the right time to document such an amazing event, although two brothers can only be admired in an extraordinary adaptation to such an event; in a few desperate minutes we are witnessing how they become firefighters they document - only instead of saving lives, they knew that they had to record footage, even if it cost them their own safety. <br /> <br /> After seeing September 11 and seeing that it appeared in 2002, I feel much more aversion to the recent release of Oliver Stone, a big World Trade Center budget. Many criticized the film for the unconscious narrowing of attention to these two survivors imprisoned in the rubble, and although I liked the film in the small and sentimental Hollywood style that he brought, on September 11, all this makes his film completely outdated. This incredibly catchy footage will not only be the final collection of that day, but the sophisticated halfway motif guarantees that this document has all the heart and character that is necessary to never reactivate the event again.
