Super great entertainment with stellar cast, excellent script and a strong grip on the approaching 50's. At that time, CPR released classic dozens through dozens. But regardless of the value of these dark parachutes, they reflected the mood of war soon to give way to the more sunny climate of the Eisenhower era. Few films of the late 1940s are farther away from this noir cycle or more suited to the upcoming consumer decade than this sassy little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an ad-man on Madison Ave. where in the words of his daughter - he sells things to people they do not need, at prices that they can not afford. He makes good money, but like thousands of others, he has enough of life in a narrow urban "cave". So, along with my wife Myrnah Loy, they hit their dream home in the wilderness of the Connecticutt village. Needless to say, they get more in the arms of nature than they bargained in and in a fun way. <br /> <br /> There is no dead line in the entire scenario. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when people from the city build a large house in the countryside. Annoyances grow almost as fast as a mortgage, and all eccentric types run a construction show and give Grant a hard time. Of course, no one cares about irritation or frustration more than Grant, so it's just one good laugh after another, especially when the closed wardrobe seems to have its own infernal mind. However, oddly enough, the movie does not seem to have a comedic turning point. Instead, they laugh so expertly that they do not reach peaks at any particular moment. It is a real film triumph for every era. <br /> <br /> Reaching 60 years later, we see how the scenario's ideas look skilful, not behind it. With their maid, Blandings may not be a typical American family, but typical post-war migration from tight cities to spacious suburbs. And what is more suggestive task for upcoming consumerism than Blandings as "ad-man", whose task is to find more catchy ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, there is a sunny optimism of the film. Yes, the feeling is sometimes weaker, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon, if Blandings just stick to their dreams, moves them. Indeed, life will improve for many people during the upcoming wave, so I expect the film will be deeply resounding among the audience that day. This is an easily viewed subtext, along with the very entertainment value that makes this movie a key comedy statement of the post-war period. <br /> <br /> So if you have not seen him, catch him next time.
