My roommate bought this document and invited me to see him with her. She is from China and she only heard that much about September 11 and wanted to know the cold, hard truth and wanted me to tell her more after the film. I felt terribly watching this documentary, it was like experiencing a nightmare and it still brings tears in my eyes. <br /> <br /> But I am very grateful that I watched this document because on September 11 I am sure that we all remember where we were and what we did when we heard, we could all just think about certain questions: "Why? "," How? "," What's happening? "," Oh, my God! ". Almost all Americans were grateful to the brave firemen and policemen who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we think about what they really do. It was not supposed to be a documentary on September 11, the cameraman was just shooting a typical day at work and they were just a few blocks from the World Trade Centers and got everything, outside and inside, on tapes. <br /> <br /> On September 11, I thought, "All right, the cops and firemen will pull out the survivors." Honestly, I thought it was an accident, I was in a junior high school year and changed clothes from the gym and prepared to go to my studies. Someone walked into the locker room, shouting, "Some building was bombed in New York!" We all dressed quickly and ran to our classes, watching the first tower burning on television. Not only 15 seconds later live on television, the second plane crashed into another World Trade Center and we knew it was not a coincidence. A few minutes later we heard about the Pentagon and that the plane was flying to Chicago, but it was shot down. A lot of thoughts flashed through our heads, and I kept thinking, "What will the firemen and policemen do?" But I thought it was a procedure, they would know what to do. <br /> <br /> The first tower collapsed, we knew that many lives are gone, the second tower is broken, it will never be similar. These firefighters in this film showed courage, confusion and strength, real human emotions. They did not know what to do, they were just scarred like the other people who were in the towers. They heard bodies fall to the ground from people popping out of the windows. And here I was in the classroom just crying, seeing everything that was happening on television. I was amazed by this movie and I just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful all the Americans are for their help. I know that they feel that they are just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11, for three weeks, they were kicking, knowing that there were no survivors, but they were still hoping and praying. May God bless their kind and courageous hearts. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate, she cried and admitted that she cried for the first time in these attacks. She saw the truth about what happened on this tragic day. She asked "Why?". I did not know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be so bad. "It sounds like", but it was a normal day for everyone, "said one of the firefighters in the documentary. Nobody expected it. Not so, those people in the World Trade Center or Pentagon, or planes that were kidnapped, just did their job, they were there, and even they just were there for the second time. They were not murdered, they were murdered, and these hijackers did it with a song in their hearts. And then, seeing in the Middle East, all people are celebrating why people do it? They celebrated death and loss: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> So, thanks to these people for making this document. You really think about firefighters, policemen and soldiers in Iraq and you hope that there are good people in this world. Thank you to all these people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
