With the onset of the baby boom, the years after World War II brought an unprecedented exodus of Americans moving out of urban housing to the suburbs, where they can fulfill their dreams of owning their own homes. Director H.C. Potter and co-author of Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this light but surprisingly perceptive comedy from 1948, very well reflects the feelings of that period. Of course, it is worth having three farceurs experts? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and particularly severe Melvyn Douglas ?? guide their behavior with their natural sympathy, which is in contradiction with the growing frustrations associated with having a home. Although the film is now sixty years old, Blandings' dream has the timeless quality and barriers that face it. Of course, Hollywood thinks so, because it has been reworked at least twice - first as the very physical comedy Tom Hanks, "The Money Pit" from 1986, and also last year with "Are We Done Yet?" Ice Cube. One look at the HGTV programming schedule will show you how the situations studied here still resonate today. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the advertising man Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters in a cramped two-room bathtub. A flat in Manhattan. Instead of realizing Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees the picture of the Connecticut home in the warehouse and realizes that this is the place to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of their lawyer and family friend Bill Cole, Blandings decide to buy a ruined house that needs repair very much. The foundation, however, collapses so much that the house must be demolished in favor of the new one. This prompts Blandings to push the architect to design a house so exaggerated that the second floor is twice as big as the first. The costs increase with each new complication, temper fever, and even among the romantic triangle, Jim, Muriel and Bill. The priorities finally resolve, but not before the funny slapstic scenes and clever dialogue, which improves the not-so-good ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> <br /> Thanks to the double approach and faultless delivery of the line, Grant is infallible in this kind of farce, and Jim Blandings personifies his more domesticated characters in the middle of his career. In the role originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect Hollywood wife. There are not many fun lines, but it combines a unique blend of volatility and seriousness to make Muriel an attractive figure in its own right. Watch how skillfully maneuvering an overly satisfactory house painter with his absurdly idiosyncratic palette of colors. Melvyn Douglas, defenseless, smoking pipe Bill ("Cole ?? Bill Cole"), shows his natural, easy to grasp ella as a Grant foil. The smaller roles are expertly filled with unforgettable twists by Harry Shannon as a laconic digger, Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as the official assistant of Jim, Mary and Louise Beavers as the charming servant of Gussie Blandings. The 2004 DVD contains intriguing vintage material, including two radio versions of the film - the first version from 1949, which ended with the pairing of Grant and Dunne, and then the second version from 1950 joining Grant with his then wife, actress Betsy Drake. The appropriate cartoon from 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", also includes a comic tour of the futuristic dream home. The original theater trailers for the ten classics of Grant's film complement the additions.
