Japanese Tomko Akiyama Keko Mask (1993) is an extremely pleasant junk movie and so cool to watch! There are also sequels, but I have not seen them because these films are very rare. One day, some publications would be fun because I think that many lovers of trash would like these films. The story of a language on the cheeks concerns one extremely harsh school in which teachers believe that torturing students is fine to achieve discipline, which according to teachers is the most important thing in education. The school is run by an incredibly funny look (just look at the costume!) A human wizard / anything that is like a school principal, and it just adds to abundance that it is never explained why she wears such a costume because all other teachers are normally dressed. Well, the main thing in the movie is its name, Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy who always comes to save girls and students who are being mistreated and tortured by teachers! Yes, this superhero is one effective woman who kicks and fights bad teachers with a completely poor soundtrack played in the background. The most important thing is, of course, that she only wears a cape and a mask with the rest of her body naked! Her identities are never revealed in these films, as well as the inscriptions "Mask Keko: Unknown", while the names of the actors are mentioned! <br /> <br /> The most amusing thing about this movie is how Keko Mask kills its enemies. He has a beautiful, but deadly vagina! Yes, you read it well. He kills his victims, flying in the air in front of them, spreading his legs and allowing enemies to become enchanted views, then he flies closer and grabs their necks! The most typical last line that the heroes say in this film are: "I've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is totally fantastic! <br /> <br /> There are also great mockery in relation to Japanese society, for example his attitude to sex in movies (Japanese censors optically blur / blur all pubic hair in each film), and some restrictions on students (like girls and boys can not talk in this movie, etc.) There is one great scene where one nerd sees a naked girl who you know for the first time and says: "Hey, there's no fog in it!" I could not to keep me from laughing at this scene because I thought what Japanese censors think about it, and one character finally says he'll come back if Japan Films allows it to continue, I'm glad it's allowed because I heard that the sequels are just as outrageous. One continuation should contain Blues Brothers (yeah, TY Blues Brothers!) In it etc. <br /> <br /> This is junk in the most pleasant, the funniest and smart form, so a little school It would certainly be even more experience if it was a little faster in motion, because at some point it becomes less boring, but luckily these segments are very few. This film must be considered fully convinced, because there are so many pieces of junk that I do not mention here and it would not even be necessary to tell them all here. If you like movie trash and movies done on the cheek, I think you'll love this little gem like me, and the director is definitely a genius in the field! 8/10 Maybe the only movie where the shiny scab is so deadly?
