I borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew can animate the presence of many worlds. In fact, it did not happen - at least it seems so. In the film, some episode appeared awkwardly - this is what most viewers think. However, the surprise appears at the end and unfortunately when most of the viewers have already stopped the movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of the movie means "a journey to die". This is a spoiler. <br /> <br /> That this movie is about a young girl who HAPPENS ON this boat (for reasons that are completely unclear), you understand only in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the performances of strange characters in the episode are "ghosts". But in reality this film is not similar to most other horror stories told from the perspective of a distant writer-observer, who can almost at any time distinguish between different levels of reality, it is narrated from the perspective of a young girl. We see her not alone but with four friends because she sees them. We do not see that she is alone. So parallel worlds are not the appearance of episodes in the image stream, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is and the world in which there are 4 friends. The interference of the third world is probably a young man with medical skills who comes for a short time on a boat. <br /> <br /> I can not get rid of the deep conviction that thanks to this film the creator of the films "Cheated" an audience of several thousand people, letting them believe that what they did is more or less the second student of the film developed with hastily "selected" pseudo-actors who met just before the start of the photo pour out after at least twelve beers. How much you can be wrong! But in addition to this great surprise, which he learns only in the last minutes, the end that follows gives another surprise. The girl is saved by a helicopter crew and another boat. When she regained her strength after the shock, she visits the place again in the port, where she went on a boat with four friends. And they are again! They are waving to them from a boat that has already managed to leave the shore. He jumps into the water, reaches the boat - and they are far away. Wonderfully beautiful. It reminds me a little bit to the end of the writer's poem Rhetoromance: When I woke up, I saw Death standing by my bedside. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them - he disappeared.
