The functional and yet absolutely second level of the British glam rock band Strange Fruit is falling apart at the end of the "wild" excess of the '70s. Individual team members go their own ways and feel uncomfortable in the middle-aged in boring and hopeless 90s: grim keyboardist Stephen Rea finishes penniless and unlucky, vain, neurotic, pretentious vocalist Bill Nighy tries (and does not) continue his career solo, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall is in oblivion on a distant farm, to avoid paying debt due to high taxes, and surly bassist Jimmy Nail installs the roofs of life. She was a loving groupie and she became a patient, forgiving, patient manager, Juliet Aubrey, gathering the group back to an unwise, largely ineffective and hilariously disastrous twenty years later a nostalgic tour of Europe. Our pretty ragged group is trying deftly, but awkwardly to rekindle the flame that once burned quite clearly in those days. Scraggly zonked-out-roadie Billy Connelly and cocky, young beats guitarist Hans Matheson follow a delightfully bumpy, embarrassing, but still satisfying and pleasant ride. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows extremely contagious respect and adoration for both his lovable, nasty characters, as well as the loud, ringing, extravagantly twisted rock of the '70s, saturating this tender little pip with a totally engaging feeling of a big heart and tireless verve. The insightful, hard-written script of Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is also bristling with a dry joke and meticulously observed moments of joy on the path of unhappiness, registering a bittersweet and often noisy atmosphere that gives the image an irresistibly luminescent glow. The charming, elegant cinematography of Ashley Rowe ensures that the film always looks quite sumptuous, while the perfectly catchy and groovy music performs a trick with good rock and splendor. Kudos also to amazing performances, which clearly emphasize the burned soul and the frayed, but still strongly beating heart of the past, her original, naughty rock outfit desperately wants to regain its former fleeting glory in one final auction of great success. In summary, this radiant and touching gem is highly valued as one of the real seriocomic delicacies from the 90s.
