In the voice that begins the movie, Hughie (Billy Connolly), roadie for the great band Strange Fruit from the 70s, said that the reason for the lightning strike at the rock festival to stop the Strange Fruit set was that God was sick with excess years 70. Indeed, it was popular to put this era of music and the perception of punk as a welcome antidote to it. I agree that the excess was tiring (as well as misogynistic desires that arose from this), and as a punk, I am still a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this movie about a long, strange encounter Strange Fruit is a tender a tribute to those days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons the movie works is because it takes care of people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed WHAT IT WAS WITH LOVE, Tina Turner (while I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was treated very well), writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote THE COMMITMENTS. music oriented British television program OVER THE RAINBOW and songs Strange Fruit played were co-author of Foreigner Mick Jones's book (not to be confused with Mick Jones The Clash), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they are talking about. In addition, two cast members are themselves musicians (Bill Nye, about whom I do not know, although the film rewards him with his own singing, and he certainly looks like the vocalist of this era, while Jimmy Nail was in another Briton) TV program, which was music oriented, although I forgot his name and he was in EVITA) and others are convincing. And although, as I said, many bands from the 70s, such as Strange Fruit, behaved badly towards women, the film does not make the same mistake (except for the woman who follows Timothy Spall); As the meeting manager, Juliet Aubrey is quite good and plays a completely rounded figure. <br /> <br /> The other actors are also good, especially for Stephen Rei, who copes well with a more dramatic role without sentimentality. There are several feature points that do not work, but overall it is quite pleasant. Oh, yes, the music is good too.
