The opening of the review may be a bit mistaken, describing the film in terms of other films, but I think that this is the best way to get the place of the gangster genre occupied by the voters in the arena. It works somewhere between the yakuza tale The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku The Yakuza Papers (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity), because it is simultaneously romantic and realistic, dark and rough. But this is also the movie Johnnie To, and as such carries a distinct accent of the car from Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> Every two years HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not very happy with the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands, to the horror of the rest of the Triad and the police. Here's the story at a glance, but you can be sure it has a lot more to do. Like the Yakuza Papers, there are many intrigues, back-stabbing and forming and changing loyalty (sometimes you only need a phone - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent times) that may not necessarily form a deep drama, but create interesting plot and good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in this aspect. Choices are not as action-oriented as one would expect; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the shiny, sexy version of Hollywood violence. It is dark and gloomy. The 'To's' camera remains in the scene of brutalization of people in a way that reveals both humanity and the inhumanity of perpetrators and victims; after all, violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you know the To style, you should know what to expect. Stimulation is relatively slow and purposeful. The cinematography is great, smooth and dark in equal proportions, using dark colors (brown, dark green and orange), while the smooth tracking shots give it a vibrant quality. In the end, the elections take a peculiar place. This is not a character study and it is not a gangster-oriented movie. He investigates the situation (choices and its consequences), but he does it in style and is both realistic and romantic (Triad ceremonies in particular resemble the oriental godfather).
