It can not be denied that Hak Se Wui (Election in English) is a well-made and well thought-out film. The film uses a lot of clever pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity, but sticking to tradition? the subject of the movie throughout the movie Where films by John Woo from Hong Kong are full of action and above average in their explosive content, as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong films are arranged in the rhythms of telling stories from "bad" point of view, sometimes they can to stutter and become simply unnoticeable, a good example is City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> The election is a movie that is memorable because of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence that take place in a realistic and tasteful manner (if it is the right word), and also clever "in pieces" of filming . It is hard to see when you watch, but the choices are really structured in the form of three acts: is the first point of interest regarding real choices, and who is voted, is voted in? not everyone likes this decision, but what Wujowie says goes. The second act is the recovery of an ancient Chinese baton, which tradition must be present during the inauguration, and the last third succession of inaugurations and some figures come out with their own ideas about how the Triads should and can be carried out. Needless to say; certain events and twists take place during each of the three-thirds, some are small and insignificant, while some are much larger and spectacular. <br /> <br /> The choices have some drawbacks, most appear in the third. Attempting to kill time around the elections, which last only a few minutes, was undoubtedly a difficult task for writers and filmmakers, which shows in many points. I have the impression that a scene just begins somewhere before the police break, and then everyone is arrested. This happens several times: a fight broke out in the restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting about the triad between the clubs, but the police appear and everyone is arrested; some other Triads have a pre-election conversation, but the police appear and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> When the movie comes out of this routine, I thought, it will use the holy baton as a story device to make everyone move. The baton consists of a few good fighting scenes, such as chasing a truck after it has been hotwired, another motorcycle chase and a kung fu fight with a load of white weapons on the street? scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are in a "tasteful" way. Where the elections really rise, it draws attention to this small detail. When the Triads are in jail, the bars are covered with wire suggesting that they are all animals in cages, because in this way they behave outside when they are in conflict. Another great thing to pay attention to the details is how uncles take care of tea, not alcohol, rising above other gangsters who used champagne (Long Good Friday), and also referring to the Chinese tea drinking tradition celebrate or commemorate. br /> <br /> Choices are a good movie that is structured enough to enjoy and a movie that has a fantastic mise-en-scene scene when you look at what's going on. Some interior and clothes settings, as well as stylish buckets that are poured as the search increases and the chase is followed by a stick. Inauguration is like another short film completely and very well integrated with the film; suggesting Chinese tradition in this process. I think that the best scene is the final scene, which perfectly sums it up: two floating figures fishing and debating the Triad's verdict, while being realistic, unpredictable and violent: of course in a tasteful way.
