Twelve years ago, production stopped on the hot blooded slasher, because almost everyone on the set began to die. Now a few students of the film decided to finish the movie, despite the rumor that the movie is cursed. Well, they will soon learn that some of the curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, every country wanted to earn its success, even in Australia. The concept that was made today for death (a film in the Slytherian film) was relatively cold and original at the time. This movie was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not in the United States, but in Australia), so it was the first movie with this idea. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us had had enough of this idea, and because the movie was not even good, the movie went disastrous. Now Cut is not the best slacker in history, nor does he try to be. He knows it's a scam and even throws a girl who looks like blond Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add new and original phrases to history, they decided to rip away the cinema from the 80s, such as "Nightmare on Elm Street" and, surprisingly, it works. The killer is very scary and this mask is simply deadly! And instead of trying to scare off the audience to death, they created a very good and frightening atmosphere that keeps us in suspense for most of the movie. There are a few holes in the story in the movie that I could not fully ignore, and the ending was the biggest hole in the movie. Spoiler before; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where the hell did they find the printout that shows in the last scene? There is no point in telling you. End of spoilers. In conclusion, Cut is a pretty scary slasher with a stupid story, but I think it is one of the better spurts of Scream that have never been big. I'm surprised that this one has never had a sequel, but I think it just came out too late. <br /> <br /> Exhausting Australian kitsch with a few horrors. Cut is still a pretty shapely movie and I will have to recommend this movie, although I think the story is pretty stupid because it's completely ridiculous.
