When I think about the hardest films about pleasures, the first thing I think about is the 80's cinema. A really bad slass movie. The formula of the film, in which all the necessary scripts are 2 parts of blood and nudity in several parts to make them. <br /> <br /> Flash to the late 90's / early. The fascinating film was renewed thanks to the success of "Krzyku" from 1996. As in the eighties, these films were formal, masking the lack of inspiration, describing themselves as "hippodromic parodies" of original slashers. With this latest mix of Neo-Slasher "hippodromes", the only worth seeing is "Cut" with a low budget, directly on the video. <br /> <br /> Like most other "new" slasher flicks, "Cut" is based on the production of a shortened film, in this case the fictional film "Hot Blooded" from 1985, to comment on this genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished production, because of the murders of someone who has the mask of the film killer, Scarman, a bald figure with lips sewn close and dark, eyes devoid of pupils. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose professor was involved in the production, decided to enter the vaults, touch the original actress who survived, and finish the film. But every time a movie is displayed or the scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and someone dies. Will they quote the slogan or end the film before they finish it? <br /> <br /> It all sounds very bad, and to some extent it is (really, is there anything like a good slasher flick?). There is no character development (the "new" director turns out to be the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life was apparently ruined after canceling production, it would be an ideal detail to develop) the story, but never mentioned again) and, just like in all other Slasher films, there are too many bodies to deal with. Actors are not great, even when it comes to direct-to-video standards, but most of them are having fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it's accidental acting, because none of their characters in the movie wanted to work. " Hot Blooded "), especially those who were lucky enough to play at Scarmana. The climax of "Cut" does not have a great "dunnite" unmasking the killer as in the movie "Scream". There are no deadly tricks in "Urban Legend" films. What he has is an original and interesting concept, which is diluted "in this way we can write a sequel, if it sells well", ending. But this is normal for the course. <br /> <br /> In accordance with sound viewing standards, this is a horrible movie to avoid, but this "quality" is what makes it faithful to its roots in the slasher genre and it makes it more enjoyable than any other neo-Slasher film.
