As with all Angelopoulos' films, the "Suspended Stork Step" implicitly demands close and intimate participation from the viewer, which certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are economical, with no monologues and exchanges that reveal internal conflicts, doubts or feelings of the heroes. The director prefers to keep viewers away from his own emotional reactions, and instead forces them to explore and explore the identity of the characters themselves. As a result, the action is understated and hidden, as opposed to explicit and explicit. <br /> <br /> Action scenes are set between long breaks of contemplation in which the viewer is asked to participate to participate as an actor, exploring his own psyche. As in the novel, in which drama is based entirely on the author's writing to provide a template in which the reader's imagination and / or past experiences flourish, Angelopoulos's drama lies in his paintings: his use of long shots, long shots, lazy stimulation, economical dialogues that became his hallmark, encouraging the viewer to experience the film from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds and music, when he believes that words can only take us away. <br /> <br /> Music, Eleni Karaindrou, a longtime collaborator of Angelopoulos, provides more than a discreet background, but becomes a dramatic element of history. A large part of the film consists of external shots in subtle, subdued colors, recorded in a gray winter lamp. Angelopoulos presents us with "another Greece", different from Greece in tourist brochures, with an ethereal blue sky and an emerald sea sunk in the eternal sun. Here the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and hazy, and the sands of pristine beaches have been replaced by trampled, dirty snow on the streets of the village. Angelopoulos' genius by Arvanitis's camera is displayed throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Suspended stork step" is primarily a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. Is deeply concerned about the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion between nations. In a "waiting room" opposite the Albanian border, refugees, political or other, exiled by the rest of humanity, wait. They can get stuck on the political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them and keep on, deeper family boundaries: those languages, customs and races. Although the political views of Angelopoulos are well known, the film bypasses any political discourse regarding the causes of the refugee situation. In this process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on geographical, cultural, political and personal "borders". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a Greek historian of the 20th century and likes to bring lessons from Hellenistic myths to his discussions. In this film, he makes a certain border crossing between Greek and Italian culture, drawing from the combined tradition of Homeric and Dantean journey of Odysseus. Alexander is a telemach looking for a story about an aging Greek politician / Odysseus who has disappeared, never heard of him again. This political man, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the lowest. He became a poet in exile, wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Aleksander's father, but the "politician" stands before Aleksander as a father / Odysseus. Like in the case of Telemach Homer, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be a mistake to try to see in the film a story about Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos draws from Odysseus' journey only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. In the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" reminds more of Odysseus Dante: he does not go to Ithaca, but he continues "carrying a suitcase". And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning home and career or heading somewhere else. He speaks the same in the voice at the beginning of the movie, paraphrasing a few lines from Dante's Inferno: "And do not forget that time for the journey has come again. The wind blows your eyes away. "<br /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, the film presents a Greek orthodox religious motif in the form of green-haired people who improve things for other people by reconnecting communication, as well as a" politician-like "figure ". In the last scene, these yellows demonstrate once again the influence of Byzantine iconography on the work of Angelopoulos. They look like "stylists", religious people encountered in the Orthodox tradition, lonely and passionate people who took their place at the top of the pillars, in the form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends without a resolution regarding the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no hints, and the wife's statement "It's not him" is far from convinced and left ambiguous enough. An important issue in the film is not whether he is or is not a missing politician, but that he can be a politician. But the film still ends with an optimistic note. While wires strung from the pole to the pole run only along the river, therefore communication across the border is still not possible and remains impenetrable, we notice that the latter scene is taken from the viewpoint on the other side of the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the reverse shot the follower invites Aleksander and the viewer to cross the border. In this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that some boundaries will eventually collapse.
