The dying Kung Fu master sends his last student to track down what happened to the previous five students who were members of the forbidden Poison Clan. He has to check whether they work for good, and if not, stop them. The master also wants the student to find another member of the clan who escaped with the money of the clans, which the master wants to use for good. Earlier students were taught in a different style of snake, centipedes, scorpion, lizards, toads, while the last student was taught a bit in every style. All students end up in one city, looking for an old man with all the money, and soon everyone is fighting for money. <br /> <br /> The classic martial arts movie has a title that even many non-fans know. I talked to a few random fans and it seems like it's the only movie that's in their heads. It's a very good movie, though I'm not sure why this movie stays with people when there are other films that are better than Shaw Studio (for example, the one-armed Swordmen or Brave Archer) for my money. It is not to sell the film shortly, it is not because the film is constructed like a secret, our hero has no idea who he is, and Jad themselves only know best who the two others are. We've received the identity of four, but we still need to find out who the fifth really is. The film is also strange in the fact that in the case of a martial arts film, other than the training sequence at the beginning and killing the old man and his family for money, there is no action for about 40 or 45 minutes. It is a bold step, but it pays off because the plot and performances attract your attention. (The film is also strange in the fact that this is the first martial arts movie I've ever seen in which there are no women. I do not think anyone has a role to speak and I'm sure that none of them appears in the background. it does not indicate, it's just something that struck me.) It's a good, solid, small movie that may not meet the reputation it has in some circles, but it's still a really good movie that can be crouched on the couch. <br /> <br /> About 7 out of 10.
