In the late 1940s, the era of screw comedy came to an end, because the films moved in a different direction, comedy and otherwise. When television appears on the horizon, Hollywood will soon be at a very difficult stage. Where, one wonders, would the films leave if the television did not appear, or did its appearance on the stage be delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings is building his dream home offering one particular way in which the comedy could develop. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings, with his wife and two daughters, live in a nice but too cramped apartment in New York, when one day he will get a bright idea that realizing his dream of building a house in the suburbs can be fun . He buys a property in Connecticut and has a property built according to his precise specifications. Well, almost. If he knew what trouble he was in, he could change his mind. Then he may not have it again. You decide. This awkward premise produces great films, full of conflicts between the dreams of the middle class about having your own home and often the unpleasant reality of getting. Nothing comes easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings finds out; but one does not have to be unhappy just because things do not always go hand in hand. In the end there is a long way. But Blandings asks every few minutes how long it takes? <br /> <br /> This movie is a delight. It is not, I suppose, a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a worthy successor in the pictures from the thirties and may be a harbinger of future events if the advent of television did not change such a radical cultural landscape. In the picture is really warm and a lot (W.C.) Fieldsian hard reality, which periodically be betrayed, but not so much that leaves a bad taste. People in the film are very intelligent and affluent, but definitely from a professional senior level, not from an inactive rich upper class. <br /> <br /> The top players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play master and Mrs. Blandings to perfection; while Melvyn Douglas is fine as their pragmatic lawyer friend, who often has to deal with unpleasant topics, such as how the real world works. There is also a great sense of what could be called a romance in the suburbs, which was in its infancy in the first post-war years, as you can see forests and streams that attracted people to the first place. These people are definitely fish out of the water in then largely rural Connecticut. In a few short years the situation will change when the mad rush to the suburbs will be in full swing, destroying forever the pastoral innocence which so many wanted in small towns, which will soon be connected by highways, littered with bottles and cans, their leak competes with everything, what would happen in the city.
