"In the world of old-school kung fu movies, where revenge shots brought a decade, it took a lot to make the film stand out - and more so that it would become the favorite of fans after all these years. Chang Cheh's best film continues to influence the Hong Kong film industry, from motivations of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, as John Woo discovered (who began his career in the HK film industry working for Chang) during the heyday of heroic bloodshed during the late 1980s, to more contemporary movies, such as A Man Called Hero, who has a character in a costume inspired by this film. The impact has also been on other areas, from music such as Wu-Tang Clan, television commercials for Sprite and video games such as "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this movie so special? The story - at first glance - is quite simple. He deals with members of the rogue group known as "Poison Clan", who seek for the treasure hidden by their sifu lan has extraordinary kung fu abilities, determined by their animal styles, or "venom" (lizard can climb the walls, scorpion has a deadly blow, etc. .). The phrase is that since the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who they are. So a simple plot becomes almost a thriller of tension. We're not talking about ordinary suspects here, but it's much more than many other kung fu movies of those times. Apparently Golden Harvest was not very happy with Chang's script - like most of his films, they thought it was too dark and violent - and they really wanted him to add a comic relief to it. Fortunately, Chang kept his guns and remained with his original script, which has since become one of the best films of that time, if not ever, completing the almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect spine for an extraordinary sequence of action. <br /> <br /> But what really strengthens the movie is the venom itself. Chang Cheh came up with a magical casting formula - he not only gained talented martial artists (whose movements competed without the help of wires or other special effects, he shamed most modern martial artists), but also great actors. The formula was so popular that Chang usually had one or more venoms in his later films. Coming back to things that are within reach, in most old-school films, the actors seem to play cardboard cut-outs, but the actors actually create characters. It seems that everyone has their favorite venom (mys is Philip Kwok - best known as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled - as Lizard) and it is this personal relationship with the characters that generates Five Fatal Venomia that makes him a true classic of the genre. Even if you're usually not a fan of old-school movies, you have to check out The Five Deadly Venoms if there's nothing else to see where contemporary movies get inspired.
