Of all the kung fu films made in the '70s and' 80s, he was the one who developed a real cult. With the exception of all the films starring Bruce Lee, this is a film that has stood the test of time and is the result of a unique story. An aging kung fu master tells his last student, Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has trained in the past. All five wore masks and nobody saw each other and everyone was trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they have adopted, like Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The Master called them the Clan of Poisons and does not know what happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who do well to stop others who are bad. The old man who once was a member of the Clan of Poisons has a map on which he hid a lot of money and seems to be the target. Tieh does not know what they look like, so he has to mingle in society and try to find out who they are. Tieh discovered that the Snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who is Centipede, they kill the family to find a map. The map is found by a mysterious man who turns out to be a Scorpion, but he knows that someone knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murder with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is a toad and they know each other. The serpent bribes local officials to pin the murders of Li Ho, and when he is in prison, he is tortured and killed. When Sin finds out, he works with Tieh and they fight Tung and Kue together. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director when it comes to these films. Chang was not your lead by the director of kung fu, and his films have always had exceptional quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with vengeance, Chang did not use it as the main subject. Although revenge is happening in this story, the film is more complex. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. Then everyone is in the same area and they do not know who the other is. A very unique story makes this movie different from all others, and most of Chang's history was in the class itself. I would not place it in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was an icon around the world, and the martial arts he exhibited looked more authentic. This movie still has some impossible feats, like wall attachment and falling in the air, but this movie is not necessarily about fighting scenes. It's more about the intrigue of history and the involved characters. Only this makes it different from all other kung-fu movies. Very well made with a unique history.
