This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever and can be one of the best films ever ... It has a great storyline that works like a puzzle, with lots of intrigue and uncertainty. This movie is full of games and scams of cats and mice, and people hide their identity and nature. The heroes of this film live and breathe much more than the average heroes of the kung fu movie. They are all interesting and fascinating, and the film does a good job by giving them scenes showing their personality and desires. <br /> <br /> Combat scenes take place like small stories, and many of them are very original and exciting. He has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so amazing that they enter the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the clan of poisons, each with its own style that mimics the special ability of a venomous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use during training during the movie ... When this happens, the director uses a quick cutting out of the training scene to draw the parallelism. These cuts are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects, and the whole really works well. <br /> <br /> One of the things that are very original is the way it treats death. Director Chang Cheh was of course very concerned that the film did not trivialize death. Thanks to this, some of the scenes in the film are much more effective. Actually, we care when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera keeps the horror of death even when bad people are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are really brutal. When characters go in search of revenge, you really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time it is also a funny movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is no good dubbing, the characters are ready to fight in an instant. Some sound effects are fun, and sometimes the characters' behavior is unbelievably unreal ... all this only increases the size of the movie. <br /> <br /> And let's not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more talented than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this video closely, you will notice that the technical efficiency on the screen is virtual. Everything goes so fast (due to the quick style of cut and fast movements of the genre) that it is easy to overlook how beautiful the film is. Lighting and composition are sometimes spectacular. The work and movement of the camera are extremely sophisticated with a very interesting fast editing ... In scenes that depict tension and intrigue, for example, imagine that Hitchcock is moving at twice the speed. Chang Cheh was a real master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within it. He does not shoot a movie of the kung fu genre, but in a subtle way his skills permeate every scene and every shot, as well as significantly improve the quality of work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is a real kung fu movie package that delivers on every level. It's art, it's rubbish, it's emotionally moving, and it's funny, it has a real sense of morality, but it does not allow this morality to get good action. I recommend to everyone if you are a fan of this genre or not.
