When it first came out, this work of the Meysels brothers was very much criticized and even considered exploitative. Fortunately, he has now been hailed as a masterpiece of documentary cinema, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation on real television and the evil evolution of most direct films. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, we must say that it is not really a direct cinema, it is more a verité cinema. The difference between them is very small, but it is primarily the fact that in this document we feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and they interact with the characters being filmed. It also clearly shows that it is not exploitation. The Meyres have been allowed into the house and are included in the very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would be very disappointing if only the narrative of God's voice and shallow interviews were shown. Here we have a full portrait of madness at home, a madness that seems to fit both Edie and her mother Edith. Their home is a mess, rubbish and animals all over the world, faded colors and furniture throughout the home, and constant struggles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived together all their lives and are not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but rather because they can not talk to each other in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. After all, even though they blame each other for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Edie says she does not want her mother to die because she loves her very much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the movie is that regardless of age, both women can not help girls. They can not help being one singer and another dancer. Show all your artistic skills in front of the camera. When Edie rhetorically asks David Meysels, "Where have you been all my life?" She is very happy that she can finally show the whole world and her wonderful skills as a dancer. A beautiful portrait with a stylistic meaning and charm, which is unlikely to be ever seen again, just like Meysels and only a few others could have done it.
