"Cypher" is a cleverly conceived tale of industrial espionage taking place in America in the not-too-distant future. Although it is not complicated thematically, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To some extent, the film also tries to represent modern corporate groups and companies as indifferent to the risk that their contract agents take on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a slightly average man, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who applies to the Digicorp group to work as a secret agent. After an initial briefing with Digicorp's security chief, Sullivan receives a new identity (Jack Thursby) and sends to a business conference with the task of recording speeches of various spokespersons regarding the marketing strategies of each of their companies. After successful completion of the first task, Sullivan / Thursby is sent to subsequent missions to obtain the previously collected information. However, during one of his "business trips" he accidentally encounters a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu), whom he met on his previous task, and from there happens very perversely. There are implications of a diabolical plot involving the Digicorp spy program, and Sullivan is forced to hide deeply in one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies. > ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> What I liked most about this film is the effective use of lighting and shadows in many scenes. Vivid lighting was used mainly in the home / home environment, while for settings involving fraud and cover up, many shades and dark colors were used. I was also impressed by Jeremy Northam. I did not see him in the lead role too often, and the fact that he was playing a disappointed married man straight from Wisconsin was genius. Personally, I think he is one of many unused actors in the industry who has not received more demanding roles. Lucy Liu was also amazing for her part and gave the film a real tone of her coat and dagger. In addition, the rest of the cast did a great job, but my only complaint was that some of the characters could be examined more so that the plot and closing would be a bit more complicated. For example, I would like to see what would happen if Jack Thursby developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". In general, it is a cleverly developed story about daggers, which allows you to guess to the end of your personal and professional loyalty and whether you can trust someone in the whole film. Thanks to the elegant and stylish soundtrack and great work with cameras, this movie is a scary look at how corporations can work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden gem" before. It's a brilliant, not very complicated spy thriller, that's why I give it 9 out of 10.
