Cypher is a clever, effective and amazing movie that delivers. His good message is well presented and its content is delivered in an effective way, but also in a way that requires the genre. Although you can immediately draw a movie as science fiction, there is a little more in it. This has obvious sci-fi features, but the movie is more like a noir / detective than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> In general, the movie is like a nightmare; building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure exactly what is happening, we are never sure why certain things that happen are really and we are not completely sure of certain people, just like a dream? ambiguity rules over us all? in the hero set, and I have not seen it in the film before, Terry Gilliam's Brazil. Following what has been said before, Cypher presents himself with elements of horror, as well as detective, noire and science fiction, giving the feeling that everyone will find something for themselves and integrates its elements well. <br /> <br /> There is also a sense of espionage in the film that supports the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding almost everyone is at least disturbing, and the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), which is supposed to resemble femme fatale, can be seen as a smaller threat to everything that happens around the hero: People who look like friends, in fact they are not, people who claim to help, actually use, and those who seem harmless are actually more mortal than they look. Despite many changes, shooting the story several times and following orders that seem to be so that it seems that the world will end if they are not made; the only thing that seems the most dangerous is any romantic relationship or relationship with the character of Lucy Liu? and tries to help (!) The film maintains that the two sides are fighting against the espionage war, are spying and are sticking to their employees and opponents. The whole takes place like some mini-cold war; something that resembles the American and American reputation during the war for the blossoming of the word and really passes through the black, grim, often cluttered CGI screen, to which I was glued. <br /> <br /> What was also quite interesting and was a nice addition is a travel shot in some American states, reminiscent of computer microchips, when our hero flies to and from his destinations? What is significant is how the more he behaves based on his own motivation, the sequence disappears because he detaches himself from the computerized, repetitive, controlled life that he was told to live and branch out. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very consistent in content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles the first movie by Jason Bourne, embedded only in the sci-fi genre, is not loose enough, but you can see similarities; even though both were released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, it seems to me that there is something for everyone in this movie and if you manage to get around a rather disappointing ending that some people can successfully predict, you'll love this movie.
