It's good that Sean Connery has retired as James Bond, because I'm sure he would not be able to stay in today's spy business, where fast cars have been replaced by modern brainwashing techniques, and great women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is quite an ingenious science fiction thriller, which often evokes feelings of fear and claustrophobia, although it is completely unbelievable. You know the trend in this type of movies: nothing is as it seems, and when you think that you have invented a complicated story, the authors make sure that they introduce a new phrase that again misleads everyone. The events in "Cypher" probably take place in the most-known regions of the computer world, where the main companies do not do much, apart from trying to steal one's thunder. Digisoft literally spends millions of people brainwashing and provides them with a new identity, only to allow them to penetrate as spies in their largest competitor, Sunways Corporation. On the other hand, Sunways are constantly trying to expose Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. Between all this unprofitable activity is Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly transparent thirty-something employee who was chosen by Sebastian Rooks (über-spy spy) to deal with the secret policy of both companies. Trust me, it's less complicated than it seems, and the director Vincenzo Natali (dude from "Tube") carefully dedicates time to the presentation of all important and less important characters. The first half of the film is reminiscent of the underestimated "Frank" John Frankenheimer's gem? starring Rock Hudson ?? because it also deals with erasing your identity and drastically changes your previous lifestyle. Even the juxtaposed fragments seem to come straight from the movie from the 1960s, with lots of empty white rooms and amazing corridors that seem endless. There are also many great actions and uncertainties, especially when Morgan soberly experiences how the Digisoft team checks the results of their brain washing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the movie is a bit stretched, mainly because you realize that all this is developing towards many deceptive twists, and I was hoping for a slightly more gloomy picture of the not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly manned, and the charming Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious, like a foxy lady who seems to be on his side. The choice of the usual director David Hewlett has the most memorable supporting role as the incredibly eccentric engineer Suways Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done, and adrenaline Sci-Fi entertainment is highly recommended for people who like to use the capacity of the brain from time to time.
