This is an extremely ingenious low-budget sci-fi movie by the cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film takes place like a hybrid between Phillip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the film takes on a unique atmosphere that you would never have seen. The film is superbly made, I love cinematography, I feel fresh and original. The feature film explores similar themes for films such as Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix and its pretty basic sci-fi elements. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban bored life and decided to work as a company spy for Digicorp, a large technology corporation. At first, he meets a recruit officer who takes Sullivan aboard and instructs him what to do. It essentially involves going to conferences of competing companies and recording them using a satellite transmission device dressed as a pen. It also means that he must accept a different personality and keep it secret from his wife. After his first job becomes strange, his habits change, his personality begins to vary and suffers from neck pain and headaches as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucy Liu). However, when he goes to the next job and sees her again, he reveals himself as an agent who reveals that his work is not exactly similar. He later learns that he and the rest of the people involved in the conference are working for Digicorp. All conferences are covers that allow companies to brainwash spies. Sullivan, whose alternative name is Jack Thursby, received the Digicorps drug antidote, while the rest of the spies during the last conference drifted into something that seems like a daytime sleep while the speakers are drumming (loudspeakers send all assistants to sleep using subliminal messages.) suddenly the lights in the rooms go out, and the Digicorp workers begin to shine in all the passengers' eyes to make sure they are not conscious, and then in quite a nightmare situation bring head sets for every member who sends messages to the brain and brains the precipitates to believe that they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personalities and lives for these people, destroying their own existence. Sullivan must now pretend that he completely believes he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp wants to steal information from his rivals Samsand and they want their own marionettes to do it, now they effectively control what spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways captures Sullivan and finds out that he has not actually been brainwashed, they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, making Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has sent Thursby to them to get to Samways and go to the system until he finds himself in a situation where he could get important information about the company that could shut down the company. Samways realizes he has been planted and decides to play along with Digicorp and let Thursby infiltrate their databases, but they will give Digicorp a suspect disk that will destroy their system. The story begins to rotate and rotate because both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He's stuck inside, and Rita Foster is a mystery when he tries to understand why he's helping him. When a mysterious third person is involved, a person who has been revealed that Foster is working, Sullivan must decide whether to go to an independent agent who could guarantee him a new life and security or stick to one of the companies he works for. The tension is growing, because it seems that almost everyone wants to get rid of it when its usefulness expires. The cast is great. Northam is wonderful, and the subtlety in its performance is excellent. He brings a wonderful visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change when his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy, unbelievable, and her presence gives great dynamism to the film because it seems strange but works because of it. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> The director Natali, whose previous film was the cult science fiction film Cube, has a real visual charm. He copes greatly with the film and gives it a great look. In the case of a low-budget film, it contains a few fancy visual effects and although CGI is not great, it never starts too much of the central element to negatively affect the movie. The film really brings the feelings of the Matrix and other great science-fiction movies, is there with them. The story sometimes gets too intricate, but in reality it helps in a movie that shows the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch. In the film, you're constantly working on what's happening and you're really surprising. This is a generally obvious classic cult and I see that it is extremely popular when it is released in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
