This film Sci-Fi funded by Filmfour is definitely necessary. Although he has a huge influence from the Manchurian Candidate and does not offer anything new or original, wise plot; is supported with the highest skill that makes it fresh and ingenious, although it is basically a repetition of an earlier movie. It's good to know that these movies are still made (even if they do not have a wide release), and Cypher is refreshing for that. The plot revolves and changes, which gives it an element of paranoia, and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of the place, trying to understand the meaning of the Cypher mystery. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; bored suburban man who decides to take a job at Digicorp, which consists in listening to speeches of several competing companies and recording them for unknown reasons. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady, known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film contains a lot of raw white backgrounds that give it a very surreal edge and blend in well with the apocalyptic depiction of the future. This gives the film a very strange look that distinguishes it from most other films of the same type. The only real partner is Kubrick's Mechanical Orange. The plot is also very efficient, and the character development is swarming in favor of a more stylish - and more exciting - story development. You never know where you are with the story, which makes it all the more intriguing. Acting is largely good because a largely unknown cast supports a band of stars; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Lui. Northam resembles a part of a quiet and discouraged man in the center of the story and he does well with his role. Lucy Lui is an actress who has a biography that does not match her talent, but looks like her that fits the movie. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect because some sequences are illogical and can sometimes be inconsistent; but in general, if you want an ingenious Sci-Fi movie; Cypher is the way to do it.
