Was it based on a comic book? A video game? Drawing 3-year-old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing serious about this movie; not characters, no dialogue, no plot, no action. Nothing. We have technologically advanced international terrorists / criminals who quarrel like pre-school children, Stallone's resistance to a man with a steady cold weather, dialogue so stupid that sometimes it's almost funny and so on. Even the code name used by bad people is stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that plays through uncertainty, good action sequences and nice snowy mountain scenery. Oh, yes: unintentional humor. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a really bad and unconvincing gay teasing between our happy and happy heroes who apparently have a "puffy" time. Then comes the part that causes sweat because of an unsuccessful rescue action, which should make everyone who has problems with anxiety at heights want to pull out their hair. And then we have a little bad dialog box, and then some great action. Here is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Melodramatic exchange of Stallone with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so soapy, so banal, so false and so bad that it should force the chirp of every self-respecting viewer. Soon after this show of horrible writing of dialogues we are witnessing a spectacular and perfectly shot kidnapping of the plane. The whole action is one big absurd, but it's thoughtless fun at its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, scenes from airplanes are a real attraction of the movie. After landing, our criminals look for a guide and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to bring the first case of money, but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible; they take off most of their clothes (so he can freeze) and they will not give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall). DO GANGSTERY WANT MY MONEY? Very ill. Apparently they do not trust Stallone, but they certainly know that they can always send him black mail using Rooker as a hostage. Nevertheless, our gangsters make it difficult to climb Stallone if, without logical reasons, at least they do not show us how bad they really are - that there is no doubt. And for those who can still doubt how bad people are, abuse, brag and snort in a really bad way. All convinced? Good. You better be. Otherwise, the writers will introduce a mass execution of twenty school-age children to ensure that the evil of evil guys is crystal clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> An old guy who flies a helicopter ... How the hell did he fall into a trap? First, he had to be warned by the head of MTV about criminals, and secondly, he had to hear Stallone and Rooker's voices on walkie-talkies. A whole bunch of idiotic verbal exchanges take place, and Lithgow has the dubious honor of winning most stupid lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I did not even climb your back." Or, Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we only have ourselves!" And as for the band of Lithgow murderers: these guys never want to kill immediately. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, pretend to play football with their body and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone is the co-author of this thing. I have no idea what drugs he was on when he did it. I would not like to think that the script is so bad because of the low IQ.
