This film focuses on four criminals locked in prison who want to escape from their cell, hoping for a mysterious black magic book written by a former prisoner around 1920. His name is Danvers who wanted to use spells to keep the skin young . Br /> <br /> Business careers (Gérald Laroche) in business (shortcuts) went to jail with three outlandish teammates ... brutal transsexual Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus "love toy" Pâquerette who eats items, which he touches (... and is in prison for eating his six-month-old sister) and listens to his complaint, as if "he" was his mother, and scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast (... the latter that he murdered his wife during this day). The film accompanies Carrère, who reads the book, trying to understand its meaning, hoping to find a way out of prison. Carrère loves her child and for a time believes that his wife will reach him earlier on bail. When he cheats on him, Carrère begins to boil with hatred and longing to see and detain his beloved son. The most serious critic of Carrère is Marcus, who wants to be a fully female, at the same time forming several male traits, such as training and leaks. He speaks hard and uses his muscles as a kind of fear tactics, although in the depths of his soul is a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a dog in his master ... there is even a disturbing scene in which karma for Pâquerette from Marcus! Lassalle is a mysterious mystery, opening up to slowly understand its hidden motives and what lies in its most dangerous brain. Clearly intellectual and keeping possible secrets from others, Lassalle is in fact the one who maintains the motivation to follow the mysteries of the book. Soon, those who are not a threat to the book, are looking for their "real" escape, not so much from the cell of the four walls as from the cell that releases their true desires. After some assassination, the book is thrown out of the room with a very fascinating character entering the movie using a camera, as if he were a new occupant. Who is this person and how does he understand the power of the book being cast, and even better, how to use it? A permanent element in this film is that each prisoner is often seen through the window into a world out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm happy that I had the opportunity to watch this movie. It plays like "Monkey's Paw", characters receive what they want, but the price must be met. The movie is gore, surprising moments of graphic violence, but in my opinion it is primarily a story based on history. Gore is the product of what releases the book. One of the groups twists the limbs when it is suspended in the air, while a terrifying activity opens up a slaughter thrown at the desire of one man. We see Danver's fate at the end, with a wonderful sequence of special effects on the melting of the baby. Los Lassalle is a masterful sequence of effects. I will say that Maléfique, thanks to the well-defined direction of Eric Valette, always drew my attention, and because it is such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a single place, in a prison cell), it never seems to resist. I think it is a testimony of interesting actors and fascinating characteristics, not to mention the fascinating history of using supernatural forces to guide them.
