If you are one of those who will be happy to recognize such mysterious titles as 'Book of the Dead', 'Book of the Eibon' or 'Necronomicon', you should feel at home with Malefique, a film with an occult volume, one of the power to change the fate of everyone involved. Discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell, a terrifying object was placed there by Danvers, a serial killer imprisoned in the 1920s; a man possessed of rejuvenation and black art, before he suddenly disappeared. Discoverers of the book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), misappropriating the company, bought by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who aspires to be a woman, but at the same time builds the body to make an escape plan, halfwit Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his younger sister and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), allegedly angry reading, who murdered his wife. Recalling the viewer of the equally bizarre bosomy man Meat Loaf in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, especially protecting the infantile Pâquerette. However, with the advent of the book and the overriding need to decipher its dangerous content, Marek becomes more and more important. Initially an early bail is provided, meanwhile Carrère does little more than academic interest in events. Suddenly, he also needs an urgent escape option and, as the prisoners experiment, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of its terrifying powers ... <br /> <br /> Mostly exposed in a prison cell, and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic character. air completely adapted to its subject matter (as well as the limited budget of filmmakers). It is only at the beginning and then at the end that we leave the cell boundaries, the necessary opening, which only serves to emphasize the convicted, closed nature of the proceedings elsewhere. More than anything else, it's a movie about being trapped, as a victim of your criminal past or growing occult events. "I'm going to escape," says Carrère at the beginning of the movie, wanting more than anything to be able to join his wife and son. Regardless of whether he does it or not, it will be a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the final form of "escape" may not be what one can imagine. <br /> <br /> With all this budget constraint, it's the merit of the first feature director Eric Vallette that his film is as successful as he is. As critics have pointed out, this is a film with strong Freudian undertones - for example, characteristic Lassalle's larvae and feeding of adult breasts; an image of a vagina that revives and develops the eye; an adult who dissolves back into the fetus; The original Danvers fetish bearing; dark cell as a primitive womb from which "delivery" is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the script, Vallette barely puts his foot and manages to create a truly disturbing atmosphere from what comes down to just a matter of four guys, four bunks one folding table and book. There is a real, growing Lovecraft faction, when people evoke the indescribable darkness on its part, while one or two moments - the blinking scabbard or what ultimately happens with Pâquerette - are disturbingly memorable. The pace of many dark events at Malefique is deliberate, rejecting the fast cutting out of many Hollywood productions: an approach to video culture that often refutes the terrified look of fast action and gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European way, because a similar, balanced approach to the shocking hallucinations in such films as Verhoeven's Fourth Man (1983) is remembered - a film that, incidentally, also has a particularly nasty image based on the dropping of the eye. /> <br /> Well faked at 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits from excellent achievements and if at least for the viewer, the conclusion was not as explainable as it could be, it was worth taking a trip to the last photo. Shortly after the release of the equally well-received Haute Tension (aka Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good French horrors are once again emerging from the French industry, after some time the only valuable product came from Asia
