Good horror movies from France are quite rare and it is easy to understand why! Every time a talented young artist releases a stunning new movie, he emigrates to the magnificent Hollywood right after he directed another great movie classic for a big budget! How can France build a solid reputation for horror when their wonderful directors leave the country after one film? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie and brought the director Alexandre Aja a ticket (one way?) To the States to convert "The Hills Have Eyes" (which I could add in a scary way). The debut of Eric Valette's "Maléfique" was also a very promising and captivating horror movie, and he has already gone to Hollywood to direct the remake of Takashi Miike's novel One Missed Call. So you have it, two very talented French, who will soon make more of a film in their home country. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient chiller, which requires a bit of patience due to the slow start, but when the plot is developing properly, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of great special effects. The film almost entirely takes place in one place and introduces only four characters. We are in a dilapidated French prison cell with four residents. The newcomer is a businessman condemned to cheating, an elderly and "wise" prisoner sadistically killed his wife, and then he is a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the strange four. They find an ancient diary in the wall of their cell, belonging to a sick murderer from the 1920s who specialized in black magic ceremonies and supernatural methods of escape. The four prisoners begin to prepare their own escape plan, using the bizarre formulas of the book, only to realize that the occult is something that you should not be afraid of? Eric Valette sacrifices the oceans of character figures to four heroes, which sometimes leads to unnecessary and boring subordinate threads, but his reasons are clear in the macabre climax when the book suddenly turns out to be a kind of Wishmaster device. "Maléfique" is a dark movie with trucks of claustrophobic tension and a few twisted details about human behavior. Watch it before any rich American production company decides to convert it with four handsome teenage actors in unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
