French horror cinema has been revived in the last few years thanks to great films such as Inside and Switchblade Romance. Maléfique has slightly overtaken the revival, but is at the forefront of most contemporary horror films and is certainly one of the best French horrors ever made! Maléfique was undoubtedly filmed at a low budget, but it is made up to a greater extent than the originality of the film, and this in turn is complemented by excellent writing and acting, which ensure that the film is the winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The main character is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for cheating. He is placed in a cell with three others; quietly crazy Lassalle, transvestite body builder Marcus and his retarded boy Daisy. After a short while in the cell, they will come across a hideout in the wall that contains the old diary. After translating the parts, they quickly realize their magical powers and realize that they can use them to break the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting subject, and I'm actually quite surprised that there are no more movies on it, because there are many possibilities to do it. It is safe to say that Maléfique does everything in his power, because despite the restrictions, the film never feels restrained and manages to swim well. Director Eric Valette provides a great movie atmosphere; the fact that most of them are held in the central prison cell ensures that the film is very claustrophobic, and this greatly benefits the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get in touch with them! It is often said that what is unknown is what really scares people, and this movie proves that as a director, we ensure that we can never be sure exactly what's around the corner, and that helps ensure that that Maléfique actually manages to be quite scary! The film is unforgettable for many reasons beyond the main plot; the characters are very interesting in their own way, and the fact that the book almost takes on its own character is very well done. Anyone who is afraid that the film will not reach the end will not be disappointed, because ending both makes sense and can be scary! In general, Maléfique is a really great horror and one of the best in this decade - VERY recommended watching!
