"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror film can be effective, with a well-made plot and heart. His cast has no recognized names, he does not have a big budget and he definitely lacks visual effects; but all this compensates for the intelligent and well-written script, effective cast and vision of the director focused more on telling stories than on providing cheap emotions. Eric Valette may not be a well-known name yet, but thanks to "Maléfique", his full-length debut, he proves that he is at the contemporary level, such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men of very different backgrounds, but with one goal: to leave. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is imprisoned after being found guilty of a multi-million dollar fraud; his cellmates, brutal Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and mentally challenged Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) are all convicted of murder and welcome Carrère out of the cold. Their personalities will collide when Carrère discovers an ancient book describing how a former prisoner escaped with black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great blend of dark fantasy and horror that closely resembles the stories of Clive Barker. The strongest part of the film is the way it builds characters, they all have very complex and different personalities, and a lot of tension and tension results from their constant collision of personality. The supernatural element of this story is very well prepared and generally gives the film a sense of reading the gothic novel. Although the film about four men locked in a room, the movie never becomes boring or tiring, and the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia, and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette greatly uses the atmosphere, mood and his cast to liven up the story. Despite the obvious lack of budget, he created a brilliant movie that is original, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and effective work with the camera makes the film dynamic despite its single location, and the slow pace at which the film develops is ideal for creating a heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust, which the film bases on the story. Very few special effect displays are very well made, and Valette trades quantity for quality in a few but wonderful gore scenes. <br /> <br /> Characters are what makes this movie work and the cast definitely deserves credit. Gérald Laroche is perfect as Carrère, a man at first glance innocent, but he hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, Clovis Cornillac steals the show with his performance as Marcus, a brutal and anxious man who wants to be himself in the depths of his soul. The characters are well-developed, and the cast makes the majority of them. <br /> <br /> The movie is great, but it is not without its flaws. Of course, the low budget is the best known. Some CGI effects are slightly weak compared to effective makeup and prosthetics used in other scenes, but it is never bad for them. Probably the worst thing about "Maléfique" is that at the end it seems to lose some energy when it focuses on supernatural black magic, not on characters, not too bad, but the ending may seem weak from that moment view. <br /> <br /> In any case, "Maléfique" is another of those great horror movies that have recently come from France and deserve more recognition. Valette is definitely a talent for imitation, because this modest (though complicated) story of supernatural evidence is enough for his skill. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8/10
