The influence of Hal Hartley in "I'll Take You There" by Adrienne Shelly is not explicit, but is clearly related to his work (Shelly played in two Hartley films). Her film is not only characterized by a very tense narrative, but hyper-stylized and extreme characters strangely reflect human emotions in a very real light. Although this film is not at all ironic (thank goodness), the small and subtle ironies that make up the song allude to the bitter truths of love and loss. With beautiful photos and soundtrack from the seventies, "I'll See You There" is a great indie movie that does not bend over postmodern irony when it comes to the misfortunes of love and the reality of human emotions. > <br /> The movie begins with the disintegration of Bill's life. He not only sold his best friend Ray, a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in seclusion. Anything ejected, Bill plunges into darkness and ruin until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) brings him all kinds of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for her traumatic brother. <br /> <br /> Reluctant Bill tries to refuse, but the sudden appearance of Bernice at his door leaves him no choice. Undoubtedly Bernice's initially superficial behavior and funny hairstyle diminish his ability to "bounce off" with her. However, her pseudo-hippie features annoy him so much that she whips her on the first date. And Bernice is so offended by his insulting remarks that she attaches herself to him by forcing him to go. For what purpose we are not aware ... except perhaps for the fact that it is psychological. (And who better to play on the psycho than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Aware that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers his car, but only if he takes it somewhere first. On the way, he keeps Bill in prison with his own pistol (Pinkerton's detective, no less). Imbroglio of anger, reluctance, redemption, passion and violence causes that Bill and Bernice are on their way to the village house of Ray and Rose ... of course with a few stops along the way.
