In addition to a few titles and a new movie by Sherlock Holmes, I think I watched every movie that Guy Ritchie directed. Twice. Needless to say, I am a big fan, and Revolver is one of the most important reasons. This movie is a completely different approach than Ritchie, when you look at it relatively with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. The revolver puts us into a kind of psychological thriller, because gambling is at the mercy of opponents that he did not expect and a walk to redemption he did not know he needed. In addition to the fact that André Benjamin from OutKast gained fame as an actor, other prominent acts are Ray Liotta playing maniacal Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong playing Sorter, maniac. <br /> <br /> After being sent to jail by the tyranny casino owner Macha, Jake uses his time alone to finalize the plot to humiliate Macha and force his hand to compensate for the seven years he has spent. When he wins the card game and earns a decent sum from Macha, Jake is on the brink of death when he falls down and is diagnosed with an incurable illness that left him three days old. The loan shark team, however, has the answer and the ticket to life - only if he gives them all the money he has and gives up working for them, all in the trick, so that both of them can take away Macha and show Jake how dangerously he became himself. With the arrival of a death loom and a pair of loan sharks who spent the day with their money, Jake also has to deal with the hit that is introduced by Sorter - the hit man employed by Macha. The depth of this story comes when Jake realizes that some of the prisoners he spent time with alone can also be a team of loan sharks that will take him for everything he has, creating all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to find his the way to. However, in the face of this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how much he sprained, being alone, having only the company of his mind and his ego, and then making their real existence elusive even for Jake. The film reveals a humble process for both Jake and Macha when both master their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the film is at the highest level when you have the impression that the criminal world represented and characters that it contains. Although there are many tributes in previous Ritchie films, he still has his presence in dialogue, sets and experimental approach to the gangster genre. It is also a great journey to humbleness and recognition when you can easily let your ego or predefined idea mask the ability to achieve what you want or to overcome what you should. The characters are well-prepared in this film, and all the pages are polished and, according to Ritchie's fashion, they are all bound by some sort of trickery that throws the key in everyone's affairs. I could and would like to continue this movie and its unique nuances, but I do not want to detach it if you have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take several meetings to go through all the complicated layers, but it's a great movie and you should see it. If you're lucky and have not seen a diluted American version, check if you can get the original British version, because it will be a great piece to discuss among friends when you try to talk. I saw it with my team around the beginning of 2006 and we are still talking about it with the little things we chose today. He won his iconic status and is well-deserved as a film in which Ritchie came out of the box and broke his standard somewhat. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Be afraid or honor me, but please, think that I am special, we share addiction.
