OK ... this film has so far been criticized by both critics and posters (although playing as a devilish advocate, you may suggest that critics are often people who did not do this for themselves as filmmakers, and board posters are often people ) who did not do it for themselves as critics), so I wanted to sit in the corner of Guy with a magic sponge, maybe to reach a few people who decided not to watch the movie based on how everyone seems to look down on their collective approval. <br /> <br /> The biggest disadvantage of the film in gaining broad support is how unexpectedly it is complicated. It has been described many times, as the film is "inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively non-linear, and the characters are used not only as a way of telling stories, but also as a tool to show us subtle (or not so subtle) bias suggestions that we give when we give them back to memory, IE. The figure of Ray Liotty waving a gun saying "fear me" is portrayed as both tragically pathetic (from POV Statham), as well as interrogative and courageous (from POV Liotta). This is just one example of Ritchie's more mature approach to making movies with Revolver, we have a story that is quite archetypal (a strong but silent, disgusting hero is released from prison with a result that must be accounted for, but is drawn unintentionally entering the world Corruption ... I mean, it's filming the noir movie here, guys, up to a foggy poetic selection of dictionaries and lively narrators), but then Guy took this framework to make a lot of extremely philosophical and complicated points. <br /> <br /> Take part in the scene in which Jason Statham's figure hurts the car. This ejection sequence could have been emitted from the movie and had no effect on history ... but Ritchie stresses that such small accidental events as picking up the phone can affect life and death. > <br /> So the final act of the movie is quite amazing, I would take p * ss if I said that I did not spend the last 20 minutes of the movie on my date. ... wtf? "... but it's the funniest reason to ignore a work of art. It's too easy to dislike something because it's hard to understand." And it's easier to say: "Well, no one else has understood this, so it must be a real movie." In my humble opinion, the Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature work of modern art that should be welcomed in the same way as the Saatchi Brothers would work, if we choose this opportunity to say, "Ah, no, I wanted a film with a bleeding load" gangney cockney misery ... Guy Ritchie is tit! "Then the day will come when filmmakers will be able to do just what they expect from shallow, ugly people. Just because Guy made a name for himself through funny, cheeky mumbling does not mean that it can not be deep without being "pretentious." Funny people can also be thought out.
