I recommend families, if it is possible, to show it only to older children. Some things in this movie may be too disturbing for the little ones to deal with it. Now that does not bother me, let me explain this movie. a male fox document that initially protects its territory and is looking for a partner. The beginning of a great sunrise and music is breathtaking. You better dive into as much scenery as possible, you'll get ugly later. They gave names of foxes and foxes, but I do not remember what they are like for me. He fights the invader to win her love. Later they form a cave, and the foxes give birth to four adorable cubs, one of whom is blind. There are many happy and funny moments with the family of foxes, but tragedy and bad luck go too early. The first victim is a blind puppy that becomes too close to a high tide and outflow. The second victim is the mother who, stealing chickens is deceived by the deceased chicken hangs on a pole. He unconsciously enters the feet. During the attempt to escape, she breaks part of her foot, causing her to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to watch it die under a tree. the man is now a single father, forced to throw himself on the mother and dad's roll. He must teach them the skills they need to live. Later, it turns out that this is not enough when two adult puppies meet the ugly fate of their own; thanks to the carelessness and cruelty of man. I will not spoil the startling end for you, but it shows it to the farmer and his dogs near his tail. And this is a well-deserved ending after what the audience and the fox family were like. I wanted to say that I saw it for the first time in the early 1980s, when we had something called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I could never understand why they would not let me see it all. Now I know why, after I secretly watched him, when he appeared in Disney when I was 9 years old. I felt emotionally gutted after all this evil was happening. I was moved by tears. it was, it serves purpose. Let people deal with these and other types of animals and why they are at risk. This document wanted to convey a message about this endangered species, and I hoped it would work. like Disney's real-life movies, they do not teach why animals are dying out. Entering the land, killing away from the main fox prey and meaningless killing of these beautiful animals; it led to their threat. I would like them to take a continuation of this movie (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are better treated. This may be about the adolescent vixen, Teresa and her siblings. This film also reflects what happens sometimes with human families, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. A surviving parent participates in both and tries to teach important life lessons. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are ruined. Or they are victims of a tragedy. Best around the soundtrack and score I've ever heard.
