Life will not be bad for Harry Mitchell, he is the main airman (plus a nice little retirement, which I imagine), which takes money for the patent he has developed (combining titanium and steel with an explosive process, creating a super metal belt for NASA) ), and his wife at the age of twenty-several years remained in a good mood. It has a nice little pad in LA. I like the vision of the dreams of the 80's consumers and you will get a good piece here, what with the restored silver Jag (type E roadster from the series 1) and a wonderful home for her with antique dolls (and also with I'm sure that other little things and boys' toys). There must always be more, though it is not there? So let Harry get tangled in some romantic visions (you're as old as the woman you feel). As in many movies, noir, one flaw in life flawless, leads to a bow down for Harry. <br /> <br /> Three blackmailers are pushing him. These are values ​​for me, great actors playing roles in very reliable roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-con who is capable of performing amazing psychopathic acts to avoid being jailed and punishing double assailants. It is reminiscent of Pluto, a malicious black former psychopath from the well-known neo-noir "One False Move" by Carl Franklin (1992). I believe that there is a similar motivation of the character. Both men are fed up with a man, actually everyone, in the extreme. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, the fat, overgrown lily of a brother who runs a boring room in which men can photograph nude models for $ 25 for half an hour and $ 50 for an hour (did someone else laugh at the lack of a discount?). It's overhead and it's great to watch Trebor work when Leo begins to feel warmth, a credible breakdown. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the story, actually a genius man who becomes a pornographer and turns to crime for pure sociopathic boredom. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly unpleasant things in the movie, in what I think is quite well implied rape (look at his RAP sheet reading, easy to miss and read between the lines of the motel scene from "Slim"). /> <br /> Like One False Move, though not exclusively, I think that the real impact of the film is on the extremely communicative scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> So far so good, but I think that is the real problem Harry Mitchell at one point said he has his "tit in the nest." My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. The heroes of Roy Scheider never lose, they are confident and smooth, but not annoying I feel that I was asked to believe that his character is in danger, the film is based on it for dramatic tension, but I did not believe in it. For me it's as if I was asked wife to believe that the character Sandra Bullock will end up sleeping alone at the end of a romantic drama, or the figure of Stephen Seagal will be caught by the bad (actually happened in one movie, but was done deliberately for the value of shock). Roy Scheider also does not convince as an adulterer, he does not feel any irritation with him at all, his character is covered with Teflon. <br /> <br /> It was also like a movie that made a few cuts. After 110 minutes it is still underdeveloped: the wife of Harry, Ann Margaret, is basically a cardboard cut-out, an extension of Harry, her story as a politician applying for office does not pay too much attention. The influence that romance has had on Harry's marriage has not been properly communicated. This may be a Frankenheimer problem, it is not known for the development of the character. I never felt that Harry was dealing with little more than an overtly irritating and erroneous tax claim from the IRS. <br /> <br /> There's a good, dingy brutal noir content in this movie, but I feel it's a great bracket where Harry's cast could be better (disrespect to the great Roy Scheider). The film seemed short, even with a long duration, and I think it could take some more fleshing. <br /> <br /> But you really can not forget about stupefaction, such as the delicious scene of Harry taking pictures of Doreen in the living room of boredom.
