Now I've read some negative reviews about this program on this site and to be honest I'm terrified. For everyone, even thinking that Sopranos is not Television, I'm afraid I do not know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started watching many T.V programs, such as Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all these concerts lost contact after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I do not watch, because the companies took 2 brilliant ideas and massacred them, doing more than one season. Then we have The Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV show I've ever watched, where I've been charmed throughout the season, and more importantly, all of its episodes. There is no department in which this program would not be the best. Acting - nothing extraordinary. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his acting is absolutely stunning in every episode, after I heard that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony and I felt that it would be a better choice, but after seeing a few first I knew that HBO did a great job in planting James as Tony. The raw emotions he displays are wonderful. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remembered as Johnny Ola in Godfather Part 2) and my two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All these actors play in the best quality, and all this gives excellent performance in each episode. Then we have a story, I've never been so involved in the T.V. program. History is nothing but great. Each episode is superbly directed, and the result of this concert is simply fantastic. I feel that The Sopranos is one program that I can watch many times and never get bored. It has everything from funny humor to brutal violence, but it is and always will be the best thing that you can always admire on TV, and I challenge everyone to find the real mistake in the show. Not only do I say that he is too violent, or they feel that Tony's character is immoral, that is, it is a mafia performance at the end of the day, I do not think that the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I am begging everyone to watch this program, because believe me, you will be addicted to the first episode, I have been and even have a few friends who refused to watch this program for the first time, addicted to it. Trust me when I say that this show is a salary compared to the shit that appears on television. After watching the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I say once again that this program dominates on television and there is no television program. The present or future world is amazing the miracle of the sopranos.
