Sopranos is probably the most popular TV series in history, so naturally my expectations were on the roof, but the program outgrew them. I love mafia and crime in the film and I like to follow the fascinating stories embedded in these worlds, but that's much more. 86 hours of material gives the story a chance not only for the most exciting and unpredictable stories about the mafia / action, but also for a great family drama, shocking study of characters, laughing comedy, genius psychological examination of the nature of good and evil and intellectual artistic cooperation of representative dreams and hallucination in one. David Chase's epic series manages to achieve all this and much more, and HBO cements as the closest television can achieve cinematic perfection, paving the way for many other series to further awaken the audience. <br /> <br /> Realism is present when it is needed, but Chase's decisions to move away from him, sometimes causing the effect of "dream episodes" and the like, only add more layers to the series. Chase - along with strong writing staff, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire respectively - turns New Jersey into a complex world full of the greatest characters I've seen on TV. /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most groundbreaking figures on TV. Tony respects half the stereotypes of gangsters from pop culture, but completely opposes the other half, and thanks to family interactions and therapeutic sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has considerable chemistry, which ensures that the scenes of therapy always have a completely different atmosphere than the rest series), we see Tony Soprano from almost every side and we learn that it is more ubiquitous than one would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco fits the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony Carmela's wife. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, her suspicions of the murder, her torment after deceiving Tony, her own thoughts of infidelity, Carmela is experiencing a whole range of emotions for six seasons, and Falco makes her the main vehicle for non-mafia spectators have eyes in such a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most dramatic and painfully realistic dramas I have ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is almost phenomenal, and a wide range of characters populate the cast for all six seasons, somehow without any layoffs. Nancy Marchand steals the performance as Tony Livia's overbearing mother, insight into Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The knowledge of Marchand's constant complaints is almost gruesome because it takes the form so reliably. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, protégé of Tony, whose various bad choices lead him along a path that is painful to watch, but well done. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend, Adriana, and is so meaningful and loving that dark arc that takes her character when she is too involved in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, depicted as the ultimate mafia stereotype and the source of the comic, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters in the series, and no one is playing real anger better than he is. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Well-known faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini appearing in the middle the show, while names as remarkable as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as the main characters in the series. There are over 50 great characters with powerful arcs, and emotions and tension never disappear in any of the threads in the whole series. <br /> <br /> Comedy elements and entire episodes filled with brilliant mirth undermine the strong drama of the series, which is so universal that for one or more reasons, credits from almost every episode have left me somewhat stunned. Sopranos is the most powerful and the most addictive series that I have seen in its entirety, and its ups are so surprising that I would have to call it my favorite series, despite the disputed mines (most of which I disagree). <br/> <br/> Regardless of whether you love or hate the ending or what you do with it, it does not matter: the discussion he created is an achievement in itself. The iconic nature of the whole series makes it an essential part of the history of television. There are many elements that everyone can love and admire in this program, so if you think about watching something else, do yourself a favor and fuhgeddaboutit.
