Although "The Sopranos" is another gift from the Godfather megahits and sequels that have dramatized and to some extent delighted the mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another tack. There are no matching, elegant gangsters with homes in Lake Tahoe and rates at Vegas casinos - these guys are goombahami, with a waste management front that deals with things that fall in the back of trucks, topless bars, security money - in short, about what was the neighboring mobs. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate in this series, which does not stop sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is the mafia boss with his wife and two children living in New Jersey who are suffering panic attacks when trying to balance their biological family with the mafia. To get to the heart of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and at the same time is attracted to him. Tony's supporter - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the titular head of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - they are all completely invented characters. <br /> <br /> When we learn to go through the series, there are enemies not only from outside but inside, and one of these enemies is sick, but terrible mother of Tony (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is dangerous to him. Meanwhile, Tony's sister, Janice, is looking for money in the mother's home with a stethoscope and Geiger counter. Tony has problems with his lover and wife (Edie Falco), who is very tolerant because he loves him and at the same time maintains connections with her Catholic religion. "The church frowns at the divorce," she says to one woman considering the split. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. Regarding the problems with Tony's lover, his psychiatrist indicates that Tony is attracted by demanding women, for whom nothing is enough and asks him if it sounds familiar. Yes, it sounds like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian origin and yes, I have enough Italians shown in a negative light and everyone assumes that all Italians are gangsters. However, you can not dislike this program, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it's underlined, it's not a turkey pie and sweet potato - it's antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, then a bird!) Not to mention the correct pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole), manicotti ( manigot) etc. The only non-Italian thing in Tony is that there is no finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except that my parents did not have one either). <br /> <br /> The awards in this series are Gandolfini, as a ruthless gangster for antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as a tortured Jennifer. But everyone is perfect. If you can take on violence and language, this is a great show, an unrelenting portrait of the Mafia life in New Jersey.
