Not only the plot of "The Sopranos" engages viewers from around the world, but I think that (at least for me) what attracts viewers is acting. (Even you, Gary, you can not deny this claim.) James Gandolfini, who plays the main character, Tony Soprano, became (in the view of the viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elite" when it comes to the show in the television series. I would not compare it with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not yet. However, he does a great job playing the role of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown so much that as an actor (mainly thanks to his role in The Sopranos) he is considered one of the best in the industry today. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" is a great cast, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominica Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand, who played the terrible mother of Tony. At the moment the existence of the series is considered cult and right. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite macabre in a fairly frequent manner, but undoubtedly extremely well done. The third season was great, but it did not quite fit the season 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended just before the new years, was still the weakest season (or at least in my opinion it was). Despite the dry spell, I still considered him (season 4 "Sopranos") more entertaining than most of the competition and that says a lot, because recently I noticed a trend in good new TV shows. Examples: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (which is not a technically new show, but ended with an unforgettable end of the season this year). Returning, however, to my point of view, considering the presentation of better than all professions in a particularly bad year, no less, is quite a successful achievement of writers. "The Sopranos" ranks higher and beyond all other television programs in those days, and its authors deserve a lot of merit. In conclusion, I would like to say that "Sopranowie" are real people. For an average mature viewer (17 years and older) who likes drama and does not mind mixing a bit of violence and profanity, you can check out "The Sopranos" if you have a chance. Trust me that it will be worth your time.
