I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have it in my video collection because it's my favorite. It is interesting to me that when MIDNIGHT COWBOY appeared in 1969, it was so shocking for viewers that he was rated as X. Of course, at that time X meant maturity. Since I was only two years old when the movie was released, it's hard for me to imagine how shocked the viewers were. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics discussed in the film, including prostitution (the title itself was a slang for a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; Physical (and to some extent emotional) abuse and drugs are difficult to discuss for many people today, I can begin to understand what the viewers of this film thought about its release. It is worth noting that in the 1970s MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to the R rankings, and despite the fact that it still has an R rating, some of the scenes may be almost rated by PG-13 according to today's standards. <br /> <br /> I want to briefly describe the plot, although it is probably known to almost everyone who has heard about the film. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck from Texas who decides to be a great success as a male hustler in New York escorting rich women. He emulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers, wearing a cowboy outfit, thinking he'll impress women. After he was rejected by all the women he met, he meets a poor confidant named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can earn all the money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is cheated and is soon homeless. However, Joe meets Ratso and is invited to the ruined apartment. Without revealing more story, I want to say that the rest of the film is about Joe and Ratso, who try to help each other, trying to fulfill their dreams. IT MEANS. Joe does it as a gigolo, and Ratso goes to Florida, where he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First of all, acting is excellent, especially lead. Although the film is very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, although they are not meant to be fun, I find it funny. For example, there is a classic scene in which Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are walking down the city street, and the taxi practically knocks them over. Dustin Hoffman pounds a taxi and says, "Hey, I'm here! I'm discovering this scene because it's so typical of New York, where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene in which Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel. The funny thing is that at first we think O'Daniel is recruiting gigolos and he can understand why Joe is so excited, and then we're starting to realize that O'Daniel is just a religious nut. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene in which Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy costume only attracts homosexuals, and Joe says in self-defense, "John Wayne! pedal! "What I like is delivery in this scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even if MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set in the late 1960s, most of them are calling today. This is because although the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleared in the last few years in the form of Disneyfication, homelessness is just as common there as it was 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams of how they will strike not only to make their dreams destroyed, as with the character of Jon Voight. One thing that impresses me in the character of Jon Voight is that he is a survivor and I felt that at the end of the film he saw a lot and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) had a good influence on him. <Br /> <br /> In conclusion, I want to say that I suggest that watching this movie, watch it at least a few times, because there are so many things that are going on. For example, there are several flashbacks and dream sequences that made more sense to me after several reviews. It is also interesting that there are many things to interpret in this film, such as what really happened to Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the ending, though I do not want to give it away to those who have not seen the movie, is rather open.
