This is a great example of a good, stupid movie. No, it is not a high art. The script is not close to Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. WELL, SO WHAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four films and an animated series) are basically good-natured pranks happily trampling on the territory that the Zuckers ruled before they started making serious films. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, the fourth part of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy concerns the plot of Killer Tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (third in the role of John Astin) has a plan to rule France through the ancient prophecy about the return of the legitimate King of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be an athlete and who turns out to be a dead bell for a long-lost real king of France. Of course, he also plays in the aforementioned II K K F, happily making up for the French language. <br /> <br /> They are opposed to fearless Fuzzy Tomato (similarly to others, FT was introduced in the second film and would be the main character in the cartoon) and its human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed as a result of the end of the series FAMILY TIES, plays a poorly hidden version of himself, passing himself as "Michael J Fox" as a way to win a girl out of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, joyfully bouncing between immovable virgin sexuality and border psychosis. Oh, she was Miss Holland had more film career! Another returning member of the Killer Tomatoes joint-stock company is Rick Rockwell (now known as the unfortunate title subject "Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both before and after the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, except that he had a peculiar vision and he managed to do it, and after doing so he apparently fell into oblivion. John, if you ever see this, thank you for sharing Killer Tomatoes with us. <br /> <br /> The script is strong but not disgustingly aware that it's just a movie. Like RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES, the action occasionally jumps from the plan to the center of the film crew. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about his own lack of success compared to his former costar Michael J Fox. This is the largest of all Killer Tomatoes movies with a budget and is a nice addition to the series. Ok, then the show moved to Fox Kids as an animated series (which was also quite clever), but the stories just are not the same.
