The acidic, relentless and beautiful masterpiece of John Schlesinger is no less effective today than it was 35 years ago when American life was even more confusing. The film probably could not have been made at any other time in history, because in the late 1960s there were so many shocks: the final resolution of the Great Western West, the intensification of the Vietnam War and the clash of social ideals that were astonishing diversity. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is widely known as the only Oscar-winning film to be awarded the "X" rating, but there is much more to its fame; it also exceeds the norm as a work of art. While this film (from the novel of James Leo Herlihy) has a lot to say about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the politics of the 1960s, looking at the hidden bonds of friendship and dealing with topics known to man in all ages. The two main heroes are actually ordinary anti-heroes - men who have nothing great to offer, but have plenty to say about our world. <br /> <br /> Initially, "Midnight Cowboy" focuses on 28-year-old Joe Buck, a physically impressive native Texan played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we follow Joe's bus journey to New York, where he plans to use one of his few real talents - the ability to enjoyment of women - and earn a fortune as a hustler. We find out after his arrival that Joe is ridiculously naive in sex-trade. Dressed in cowboy scoundrels and proclaiming a "hell stud", the young Texan pushes through his early tricks, then collaborates with Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick horse and a minor thief in the Bronx. Ratso, who is short, thin and inert, shows little financial help for Joe. They will soon run out of cash, and when life becomes heavy in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shake in the condemned Manhattan building. During this period, a strong friendship develops between them. The two men rely on each other to fight huge opportunities. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, Joe returns to his earlier years in Texas, including living with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who was the guardian; his harassed relationship with "Crazy" Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by the city's residents who wanted to break the romance. A lot of time, "Midnight Cowboy" combines a wild range of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters, while distorting their background. For every moment of understanding we receive from Joe and Ratso, more questions are asked about their lives. Both men are undoubtedly in shreds; they do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratso falls into the disease, and Joe finally senses the purpose of life. This revelation pushes the Midnight Cowboy to the end, enough hope in a very grim history. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso desperately need happiness, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly outlined and uses the raw atmosphere of Waldo Salt's script, allowing him to evolve into Voight and Hoffman. Their interactions look extremely natural, and the supporting cast that starring Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of Andy Warhol's clique, is an important part of the story. The flashback sequences with Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in dealing with the failure of time lost. <br /> <br /> Every young person wondering about the psychedelic period is recommended to watch this movie, excellent photos of Adam Holender ("Boy who could fly", "Smoke") and assembly by Hugh Robertson ("Shaft"). The "Midnight Cowboy" visuals work with his soundtrack (made by John Barry) as a coherent whole, sometimes anticipating music videos from the last two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary song during the editing phase. The unforgettable theme of the harmonica is played by Jean "Toots" Thielemans. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" was released in the two-disc collector's edition MGM / UA, which contains extended functions and comments. There is also a 1998 DVD version (Used in this review) that offers a dual widescreen and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; trilingual subtitles and closed captions; French "dubbing"; trailer of the theatrical re-edition (not the "original" in the advertisement); and an eight-page production brochure. Both DVD editions contain a renewed version of the movie from the 25th anniversary, showing its original glow. For the three Oscars (best picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), "Midnight Cowboy" will certainly retain its place on the list of immortal classics. br /> <br /> *** ½ of 4
