John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" is perhaps best known for being the only X-rated film in Academy history to be awarded an Oscar for Best Picture. Certainly for the first time I heard about it and, to be honest, I did not expect too much of this film. It does not mean that I thought it would be awful, but somehow I did not think it was a movie that I would like to see. Is this one of the reasons why you should never trust your instincts in such manners? The unusual combination of stellar acting, ambitious directing and memorable soundtrack ("Everyone says" to me, I do not hear a word that they say ") make this movie one of the best discoveries of life, naivety and friendship released in history. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then novice Jon Voight), dressed proudly as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to seek a new life as a hustler, male prostitute. Women, however, do not seem willing to pay for their services, and Joe faces extreme poverty as his financial resources begin to dry up. During these feats, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick, crippled cheater who initially tries to extort Joe with all his money. When they realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay and, working together, they try to live (largely dishonest) for themselves in the cold, sandy metropolis of New York. /> <br /> Joe found that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first such venture ends with a feeling of guilt that he pays a woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself a bit intelligent, Ratso is just as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful sagging and coughing, is always assured that if he can get to a warm Miami, everything will be fine. It's a mistaken expectation that things will improve so easily, reminiscent of a classic novel by Lennie and George John Steinbeck, "Of Mice and Men." <br /> <br /> Filmed mainly on the streets of New York, "Midnight Cowboy" is a pitifully realistic view of life in the slums. Watching the movie, we almost feel in Ratso's miserable, unheated residence, our joints stiff from the sore winter chill. Acting certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, because both Voight and Hoffman masterfully depict the two decadent madness of modern society. In particular, Hoffman is unique in his role (I go here! I go here!), He manages to clearly distract himself from being a typecast after his glorious debut in "The Graduate" from 1967. Both stars were later nominated for the Best Actor Oscar (also nominated for a surprising role? There was Sylvia Miles, for a look that could not be longer than five minutes), although both eventually lost to John Wayne in "True" Sand. "Midnight Cowboy" eventually won three Oscars from seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Screenplay for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mainly spoken in a linear fashion although there are many flashbacks that point to Joe's past, instead of clearly explaining what the short passages are about, the audience is asked to think about it for myself and how these circumstances could lead Joe to the path he is now leading. A painful, beautiful final scene leaves us with a flash of hope, but a large amount of uncertainty: "Midnight Cowboy" is modest, thought-provoking and intensely fascinating for ever.
