This is not exactly a timeless masterpiece, which would be based on the recognition that aroused, but "Midnight Cowboy" from 1969 is still a powerful showcase for two young actors who only then appeared on the screen. The film, directed by John Schlesinger, written by Waldo Salt, seems to be a product of his time in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionistic, but still cast a spell, because history boils down to motifs of loneliness and ties that resonate regardless for a period of time. The cinematic influence of the film can still be felt in the unspeakable emotionalism found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> The meandering story follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud for rent for rich women. Full of energy, but devoid of wisdom, fails miserably, but does not want to admit defeat despite the dwindling finances. He meets a cynical, sickly thief named Ratso by Rizzo, who first sees Joe as an easy pawn. They both become dependent on each other and Rizzo begins to manage Joe. On a psychedelic, drugged party, it comes to things in which Joe finally goes to a paid customer. In the meantime, Rizzo becomes more ill and both go to Florida to look for a better life. This is not a story that will appeal to everyone, in fact some people may find it repulsive that the hustler and thief have become nice characters and their problems are painfully authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first major role, Jon Voight is ideally cast when he brings out Joe's paper bravado and deepens sexual insecurity. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully improves his pure, post-college image of "The Graduate" and immerses himself in personal degradation and glaring hope, which acts as a strangely consistent counterpoint to Joe. The honesty of their portraits is complemented by Schlesinger's film processing, which vividly depicts the misery of Times Square. The director also effectively inserts flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill the character's delicate psyche. The loan must also go to Salt because it does not allow the ubiquitous cynicism to overwhelm the pathos of history. Other appearances are only incidental to the journey of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as a woman Joe meets at a party, Sylvia Miles as a lush matron, John McGiver as a religious fanatic, and Barnard Hughes as a lonely out of town. . <br /> <br /> The DVD's two-disc DVD package in 2006 contains a flawless transfer from the 1994 reinstatement and an informative commentary from Jerome Hellman's producer, because, unfortunately, neither Schlesinger nor Salt are still alive. There are three great features on the second disc - the review documentary "After midnight: reflections on the classical 35 years later", which include comments by Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archival materials, such as a test Voight screen; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the genesis of the initial assessment of the film "X" and public reaction to the film; and a tribute to the director of "Celebrating Schlesinger".
