"Midnight Cowboy" begins with the diverging Drive In theater with the reading of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, exactly what he's aiming for. Joe takes up his arduous life in Texas and moves them to New York with a dream of many women and even more money. He dresses in a cowboy personification, but in a cartoon way, even his friends do not take him seriously. He starts his journey by bus to New York and we can quickly see how Joe is diluted by interacting with other passengers. This is, first of all, a story about Joe realizing the harsh realities of the real world. <br /> <br /> He starts out as a very naïve southerner thinking that he can get to New York just for his good looks. There is no other reason to think differently because they have been helpful in the past; we learn this from many flashbacks. At the beginning, flashbacks are filmed in a way that presents them as somewhat capricious. They are foggy, and the voices sound as if they are coming from a long distance, as they are, coming out of his past. However, as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of New York's harsh atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer capricious, but grainy, filmed in black and white with quick assembly to show the cruel nature of past events. This is particularly evident in the retrospection of him and his girlfriend who was attacked and raped. In one of these flashbacks, we see a building torn down with brick by brick. This reflects the way Joe is falling apart; the naivety he wore falls from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in poverty and can barely eat; Joe realizes that he can not live out of his appearance that he does not have the refined abdomen of New York, which he could not imagine. His subconscious reflects the way his real life is developing. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves Joe as a kind of mirror, but in the opposite way; Ratso is Joe foil. Joe is a handsome, strong man who mostly has a good external appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say that the opposite is true. It is low, dark and always covered with a gloss of sweat. He understands how the world works, that he is merciless, and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail; just like his father. They live in the same world, even in the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The subject of alienation, which is common in this era, is very visible in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit in with the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York, where he is still an outsider. Ratso, living in the cold of New York, wants to move to sunny Florida, where he thinks he can find a good life. Even if it is his ideal, in the fantasy that we get from Ratso's perspective, it is obvious that she knows she never really suits society. In the aforementioned fantasy, he is influenced by people living around him, he is once again an outsider, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> Only at the end of the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to decrease. Joe is resorting to violence; he adopts the city's mentality to get money to finance the escape for Florida for himself and Ratso. During the trip, we see Joe leaving the store, who is not wearing cowboy clothes that are never in the rest of the movie. He's dressed like someone who looks like he's going to Florida on vacation. He dresses Ratso in the same way; he struggles to fit them into the new society they enter, but to no avail. After Ratso's death on the bus, their fellow passengers look at them again as if they were strangers. Even in this new culture they have entered, they can not escape the alienation they have encountered at every turn in this film. Despite Ratso's death and Joe's constant alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe can gain new knowledge about how the world works and create a better life than he would have as a hustler in New York. Midnight Cowboy is a great film showing the harsh reality of society and alienation, with the stars of both Voight and Hoffman.
