"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie, but it's a classic. You know, it's a classic when its insistent themed song "Everybody's Talking" starts on the soundtrack (it's actually not written for the movie), and the way the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (naked and in the shower). We've seen Jon Voight, but we never really noticed him, but when he tells us that he is "one fool" who has doubts about him? It was a great performance that had the iconic status of a star, and a complete understanding of the character, and if Voight never did anything else, his performance here would be legendary. Because it is Voight, it rarely disappoints on the screen; even a piece of ham well cured, as its performance in these great "Anaconda" rubbish is a source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The film has become famous and infamous almost overnight. It was a very pleasant crowd (even with its endless ending), funny and sexy and recognizably "real"; (it was the end of the sixties and all the characters sounded real). It was also the first movie "X", which won the Oscar for the best film of the year. Adapted (ingeniously) by Waldo Salt from the novel by James Leo Herlihy, he was probably the first commercial American mainstream movie that deals in a matter-of-fact with taboo topics such as homosexuality and drug use. Everyone is recognizable as a man, warts and everything, and everyone is treated with compassion. Joe Buck Joe Voight is innocent abroad, Candide, who comes to New York to look for happiness as a hustler (a profession that he considers to be effective and not dingy, he is a hybrid of a gigolo and a social worker). But when he is kidnapped by a skinny worm named Ratso, Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, freshly after "The Graduate" and is a revelation), he realizes that maybe reality is a bit different than a snorkel. <br /> <br /> Essentially, it is a male love story (though completely platonic) between these two not so unlikely companions. Both completely and completely needy, everyone becomes the protector of the other (Voight with his physical fitness, Hoffman with his street wisdom). They are unadapted drifting from the mainstream, tolerant of their peculiarities and deviations of others. Although the "simple" Voight does not go beyond the homosexual meeting at the 42nd street cinema with the boy even more lonely than himself. (The whole movie has a strange "Christian" attitude). <br /> <br /> It is also well preserved. While Voight and Hoffman keep the screen all the time, there are great vignettes in it by Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGivera, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as various clients and hangers, beautifully drawn small characters that seem to cross the actor's boundaries in general, while director John Schlesinger gives the film the character of a documentary, as well as completely detached from the eyes of a foreign American belly without resentment or criticism. Second, maybe it's a great movie.
