Horror is probably one of two species in which logic does not always win with imagination. We all know that assassins such as Freddy, Jason, Michael, and even Leatherface should not be able to withstand the pain they are doing and continue to live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to persecute people and eat their brains. And hopefully, at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old residences, unspeakable crimes will not be committed against them. It is here that the imagination wins with the fact. Horror and most movies in general require us to suspend our disbelief for a few hours and just go with the flow. Usually, this is not a problem when I watch bouncing balls thrown up stairs by George C. Scott or when I see invisible force persecuting three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. But I have a digestive problem (without having to pay attention) when the movie has a killer like the one in this movie. Giving away who the killer is would be a really great spoiler and it would take all the pleasure of watching it for yourself, but suffice it to say that I really enjoyed the movie up to the last scene when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the movie that seem to make sense that the killer is who he is. But 90 minutes before this point is a well-made, tense, blood-soaked movie filmed with the flourish and skills of John Hough. If the movie offered me another killer, I would really be delighted with it. It may sound like an absolute reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, anyone who has seen this movie will almost certainly agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays doctor Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully played by Erin Flannery) recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow and it is not clear how his wife died. We see several flashback scenes in which a mysterious woman (one can only assume that he is his wife) lays on the ground during a heavy downpour. Her face is bloodied and her eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and how important she is to this story, but she is still there. It should be mentioned that Cassevetes is at least strange. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be more than just parenting. There are several scenes that show incestuous possibilities. It never comes to fruition, but it seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just under the proverbial rug. Fortunately, the movie never explores this element of the relationship, but makes you a little restless. <br /> <br /> The cassettes look like the intersection of porn actor John Leslie and the great James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a masculine, imperious voice that makes you sit and notice. But it also looks like it will soon dissipate during business lunches in every scene. It simply has this slimy, insincere, phlegmatic, restless way. It never really looks like you can trust him in this movie. I think that this is due to the writers, director and Cassevetes himself. There was always something that bothered me in its form from the very beginning. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a great note, because two lovers are swimming in the local quarry. There is a shaky old shed nearby and we see something or someone watching it. When a young man disappears for a short time to take something from a truck, a young woman enters the shed to play a joke. Once there, he is attacked. The young man jumps into the shed to find her, and he is stuck in the board and nail. Hough cleverly sets us on the pitch when the young man enters. He looks frantically at the room and notices his would-be lover bleeding in the corner, and then smacky, the guy gets him. This is a very tight moment and the film starts with the right note. <br /> <br /> Introduced into a tangled story tells a young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams of a faceless woman bound in a torture room, surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to think his dreams have something to do with the murders, because every time a murder occurs, he has a different dream. Cast a silent and confused grandma, a malicious reporter and a strong, living local sheriff, and you will have all the ingredients necessary to create satisfaction in the small town of Galena. <br /> <br /> All the time, more people are massacred, but most of the time males are killed with great anticipation and females are raped. This is my first weak (and careful) attempt to tell you that it did not convince me to solve it. He just did not hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a well made movie. It is tight, tight and even the majority of performances are very well made. I was intrigued by the dreams that Tim had and I wanted to find out what meaning they had for history and ultimately for murders. But when you go through everything that's good in the movie, you'll still have that hot taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - It could have been nine. Detriment.
