If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, do it baby. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of the Everything Bad and Beautiful tour and I still can not believe I was in the first row and I was lucky enough to have such a phenomenal concert. He is now in New York with the show and coincides with the release of her breakthrough "Without You I'm Nothing". We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand still keeps her head up once in a while, but Sandra makes up for what Babs is leaving. Okay, I want it to be known, Mrs Bernhard is some of those influential artists and more. I really wanted to push this movie because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Nyro, Sylwester, Nina Simone, Prince) and the scenario of decadence, joy, sadness, ups and downs of the 70's and 80's . I think that many (and I mean, MANY) comic books have been lifted, okay straight away stolen, so much of this series, if not Sandra herself. I will not name names, but people, you and I know who they are. You see, the point is that Bernhard plays according to his own rules. This movie shows, like her live performances, that she is the performer who remained faithful to the old show business school and pushes her forward. Her performances resemble smoke jazz clubs (in the days of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), television programs from the 70s, intimate cabaret performances and concerts reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch the place where Sandra came from. So, a year ago, I watched Sandra in the Silent Movie Theater, with total delight and joy. I wanted to meet her after the concert, give her something that meant something to me, I hope she means something to her. But I listen to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts and just thank her in prayer for making me laugh, making me think, making me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady and you certainly can not deny the talent that just rushes from the stage. It's still there, damn it, even after the No-For-You release, I have nothing, about 15 years ago. And by the way, it looks great. I know it first hand, walking from the theater one of the viewers said: "She is so funny ... and it still looks amazing! If you can not yet experience her life, see this movie. As for me, I hope Sandra will see that. You had a lot to say to me, you went through difficult, crazy times. If you can send me an e-mail, do it. If not, knowing that you are still kicking him and I'm still doing it, all I need is. Come on, folks, give it back to you !!!!
