In the trivia section for Pet Sematary, it is mentioned that George Romero (director of two stories Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was set as a director and then withdrawn. One may wonder what he would bring to the film, because the director Mary Lambert, although not really a bad director, does not really bring such a great imagination of this adaptation of the King's novel about which he wrote the script. There are of course very effective, grotesquely surreal scenes (mostly with the participation of Zerda's sister, probably more frightening for the children if they see the film), and the cast of some of the roles is dead. Sometimes, however, something is lacking, a kind of style that could correspond with a unique atmosphere resembling a king, which in this case is as morbid as it happens without incestuous cannibals arising from thrown graves (who knows if he can save it on his last novel ...) <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, some castings are great, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, a little boy who is one of the prettiest little kids on this horror side of the 80's to be a little monster (I say this is of course a compliment, especially in scenes brandishing a certain scalpel). There is also a juicy role supporting Fred Gwynne from Munsters, who plays this old, mysterious man with appropriate notes of insufficient fun and death in tone. And the applause is due to everyone who made the make-up to Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other disadvantages in other castings; Dale Midkiff is good, not great, like a distressed, embarrassed father, Creed, and his daughter Ellie plays an actress who just did not work for me. <br /> <br /> When it comes to configuring a few chilling cuts, only a few really stand out: a certain moment thickening the story (does not spoil, requires a nice Ramones song), and the first visit to pets (bigger), in that kind of mystical overtones that the king had in the Glowing. In most cases it is a very refined directing task, though it may be even darker to suit the script. If it is logically considered (although in King's terms), it is really one of his more effective works in this period. But it does not sum up as it could or should. Nevertheless, it creates a cool little movie at midnight.
