"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of the novel by Stephen King of the same title. The story is about the Creeds - an entire American middle-class family who are moving home in the country. The family consists of Louis and Rachel and their two young children, Ellie and their toddler, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but friendly old man, Jude, who lives on the other side of the street. One day, he leads them along the old path to the forest, where there is an animal cemetery - filled with a huge amount of animal graves. And just behind it lies the sacred burial place of the Indians, which seems to have a strange power. When the family cat, the church, is killed, Louis sees that he can bury him in a pet cemetery - and, oddly enough, the Church will soon come back to life. But now there is something wrong with him, he is not the same cat he once was. And when a tragic accident takes life away from a young Gage, Louis decides to use the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately he gets more than he expected. <br /> <br /> After reading Stephen's King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. I'm not saying that the movie is bad because it's not - the book is a bit better. The real power of this film lies in its history, which is both bizarre and extremely original, something that King's stories are usually familiar with. The script is very well adapted to history and although it differs slightly in some aspects, it is a pretty good transformation of the page to the screen. Here and there are a few plot lines, but nothing important. Besides, this movie is actually quite frightening, and its intention is this. There are some really disturbing scenes in the film and I have to say that the flashback sequence of Rachel's sister, Zelda, is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting, disturbing things I've ever seen in horror - it's not bloody and bloody, just disgusting. One thing is certain: this picture will not leave your head in the near future. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie were very even and I really did not have a problem with it. This movie is actually on the bloody side, there are a lot of nasty little sequences that will please all the messenger dogs, including the shocking ending. I really liked the way they finished the movie, it was sudden and somewhat ambiguous, but it worked better in all things. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie, which I recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or simply fans of this genre. This story is the greatest asset of the film and it is also terrifying. One of the better adaptations of Stephen King. 7/10.
