Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, moves to a big house near a small town because he intends to teach at the University of Maine's. With him is his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, and cat Ellie, Church. They soon met their new neighbor, and an old man named Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the danger of a highway running past their home (which is still used by large trucks), but also shows the family of a pet cemetery that is near their home. Judd begins to talk about the importance of a petting cemetery, but Rachel is against talking about death and spirituality with children because she has a trauma from the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> In the first week family in a new home, Louis already has people dead to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was mortally wounded in a car accident, directs his dying words to Louis personally, even if the two men they are strangers. The night after Pascas' death, Louis experiences what he thinks is a very lively dream in which he meets Pascov, who leads him to the animal cemetery and warns Louis not to "go outside, no matter how much you feel you have to". Louis wakes up in bed the next morning, convinced that it's only a dream until he discovers feet and sheets covered in dirty and pine needles. In any case, he refuses to sleep. A lot of strange things are starting to happen and the church, cat Ellie, dies while walking along the highway. Louis remains worried about how he intends to talk about the death of the church with Ellie, but Judd, sympathetic to him, Jud takes Louis to the house cemetery, supposedly to bury the Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud leads Louis further into a terrifying trip to the "real cemetery": an ancient burial ground that was once used by Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There, Louis catches the cat on the order of Judah, and Jud says that the animals buried there have come back to life. And here the real horror begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this film is very good. This is not the scariest of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've ever seen. The way Gage is dying is almost impossible to stay in the memory, especially as a small child. It's nice to see Stephen King's episode as a funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some scripting errors: how can a rich doctor with two young children live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How is Gage no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why is Louis still resurrecting every member of his family, knowing that everyone will remain like monsters? These things do not make sense, but I understand that all the horror scripts must have some surreal ideas for action. <br /> <br /> The good thing I saw in this movie is the need to talk death with children, no matter what your religion is, or you are an atheist, and that avoiding important topics does not help anything. Because Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, confronting her and saying that her cat would not come back, the whole nightmare began.
