The Ring was made from the only script written by Hitchcock and concerns, as most of his earliest pictures, the love triangle do. At first glance, it looks more like a cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's comedy on infidelity, but above all, this is Hitchcock's first really competent picture. Even if he has not yet used the ideas and motives of powerful thrillers, at least he has developed tools to create tension. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a student of the German Expressionist style, the rhythmic style of edition of Sergey Eisenstein had an impact on Hitchcock. But here it keeps the pace not only thanks to changes, but also thanks to the content of photos. You can see it in the opening photos, in which the whirling rides through the funfair perfectly give a smooth pace. And how is Eisenstein, the editing style seems to suggest sound? for example, when a fraction of a second of a bell flashes, we almost subconsciously hear the sound because the picture is so shocking. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially for silent films from the USA, in that the Ring is not cluttered with too many title cards. As far as possible, it is transmitted through images, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to read lips or at least infer the meaning of most of the characters' speeches. And this is not done with imaginative symbolism or abuse, everything is done by getting the right angles and the right time, especially in the case of photos from the point of view, as well as some strong but subtle performances. There are unfortunately too many obvious Expressionist devices (especially double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but there are far fewer of them than in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some honorary distinctions for the above-mentioned actors. At first, he was stunningly handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role. Despite his talent, I was a bit confused at first, why he got the part, because to be honest he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But this only shows how much I know how it turns out Brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. His rival is a competent Ian Hunter, who had a long career in supporting roles until the 1960s. The most demanding role in The Ring must be Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. It evokes very well, but with an emotional, understated performance and it is a pity that her career never lasted in the era of sound. And finally, the great Gordon Harker provides a comical relief to what is probably his best role in history. <br /> <br /> The culminating scene of the Ringworld fight is one of the most impressive moments of the quiet Hitchcock era. Martin Scorcese could have kept an eye on The Ring when he directed the battle scenes at Raging Bull because his main theme for these scenes was "Stay in the Ring." The fight in The Ring begins with fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock throws us in the middle, from close-ups and shots from the point of view. Hitchcock's goal was always to involve his audience, and this was crucial in his later career, in which the secret of his success was often to immerse the viewer in fear or paranoia of the character. <br /> <br /> The ring really deserves more recognition than the worse but better known Lodger. It is much more refined and professional work than the previous picture and probably the best of all its silent functions.
