In a sense, I consider myself the first fan of Hidden Frontier, because I belong to a small group of fans who in fact got to know most of these guys - of course, not counting conventions. I've been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001 and I have to say I'm still impressed with what these guys came up with. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the idea of ​​Rob Caves and his independent studio, Areakt Pictures, who works at the back of his home. Although not as "fancy" as the series New Voyages based on TOS (which sometimes attracts some actors / writers from the original series, such as Walter Koenig, aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and cast and the HF crew manage to create a series worthy replacing this weird experiment that we called "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful story arc was the introduction of the first gay launch of Star Trek, Corey Aster (which was introduced in the second season), as well as his search for the soul mate. Somewhere later in the series he meets Jorian Zen, officer of the Excelsior helmet. In the last lines of feature with these two characters (WARNING: MAIN SPOILER! Do not read, if you have not watched the series up to this point!), Zen joins the exiled symbiote, causing many changes and conflict his relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain - because the last episode of "Beachhead" was shown to HF fans in the chat yesterday evening - I think that this relationship will survive, but only time will show. <br /> <br /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that history would be more about his heroes than brilliant cosmic battles. For the same reason Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier - and that's what makes this series as popular as it is. As the previous comment said, I would like to give it a rating higher than 10, but it will have to suffice. Although the next season will be the last in the tradition of seven seasonal shows started by Star Trek: The Next Generation - I am willing to bet that we will hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after this last episode.
