As a fan of the author of John le Carre, I was slowly working on his books and their adaptations. I found in 1987 the adaptation of Le Carre's masterpiece in my local library and sat down to see how I think I would know what to expect. I was surprised to discover that my miniseries were crossed, a great intersection between the spy thriller and human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a great performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect spy title. Continuing the long tradition of the strong main characters of le Carre, Pym is also probably the best. Egan plays Pyma (which in fact contains many shades of author Carre) as a man forced to spend all his life, lying and cheating sometimes with circumstances and other times, in order to survive, and as a result he became a "perfect spy". Egan plays Pym to perfection as a man always on the run, if not from others, then from himself. Sam Egan makes six minutes of this miniseries worth seeing only from his performance. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic cast. Ray McAnally gives one of his best performances as Conna's father, Rick, who (as Le Carre said) is strongly based on the father of the author. McAnally plays a man who comes in and out of Pym's life and is one of those responsible for making Pym a "perfect spy". In fact, if it was not for McAnally's performance after a year in the A Very British Coup, it would be the best performance of his unfortunately short career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard, who was his spy mentor at Rüdiger Weigang, when Pym's friend became the controller Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the cast is fantastic. Particularly noteworthy are three young actors who played the younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor), who founded a young man who would become such a good player Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the miniseries are also strong. In the miniseries adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People, it has been proven that these stories can be told only in the miniseries format. Locations are excellent from English places to those scattered all over Eastern Europe and the US, as are Chris Edwards' sets. Elmer Cossey's photos add an extra layer of realism to the world of miniseries. However, the main attraction of the miniseries is really the script. <br /> <br /> Screenrrtier Arthur Hopcraft coped well with the adaptation of six hundred novels per page. The novel was largely (at least initially) autobiographical in that Pym's early life reflected much of John Le Carre's life. The script for this miniseries is no exception, because it follows the development of Magnus Pym from a young boy to a "perfect spy". Miniserial never deviates from the goal of telling a great human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If someone wants to have proof that the spy thriller can be tense and fascinating, without having one fight for weapons, fistfights or a James Bond car chase, that would be evidence. While the miniseries lasts six plus hours, it never wastes the moment and the better for it. <br /> <br /> Although for some it may be too long for those who do not have too much attention, you have to see. From the performances of Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to excellent production values ​​and the excellent literary script Perfect Spy is one of the best miniseries that can be expected. It's a fascinating journey through the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a trip down to what John Le Carre called the "secret path": the path of a spy man who must lie and betray to survive. You can not miss a human drama as A Perfect Spy's spy thriller.
