I have a whole series of Weissmuller Tarzan on DVD (fully restored versions) and I never stop watching them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his friend" because of Maureen O'Sullivan's (almost completely) costume and sporadic flashes of the genital area under the leather flap hanging from the front. Before anyone says A - It really was not her, or B - It was not really like I said I watched it many times, in high magnification mode and trust me ... it IS, and she is completely naked under this costume ... a few times, especially during a lion attack at the end, careful watching in slow motion and a maximum zoom will reveal that she was shaved, except for a small spot of dark hair covering her labia ... Not at all about it he has mistakes. As for the swim scene being a double skin in the color of "skin", yes, it is double, BUT she has NO "skin" or anything else ... Again slow motion and maximum zoom show everything to those who want to see it. Now, this controversy, let's get to the actual movie ... I thought the script was really well thought out and written strictly ... The action sequences were just great, although of course it is a stuntman riding a rhino, Weissmuller is actually struggling with a big male lion ... The use of background photos, which were materials from the other unit from Africa, is very well integrated into studio and American locations, which makes it sometimes difficult to determine which is which. Do not complain too much, remember that 90% of ALL movies are false anyway, so just relax and enjoy this damned thing with a large bowl of popcorn, cold beer and a fresh pack of fumes ... sexy and eager girl / wife will not is out of line ... lol. Oh ... One last word about nakedness ... at the very beginning, while white hunters talk, keep an eye on the background of accessories ... there are some good pictures of naked African girls (of course shot on the spot) behind them. What's more, the film is not racist according to the standards from the 1930s to the 1960s ... that's what colored people were thinking about. At that time Shaft was not even considered, and the audience did not accept other performances in those days. Safaris actually used the natives carrying their luggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died a heroic death, trying to save the white hunters and Jane. To tell the truth, it was not until Gene Autry had treated Native Americans and colorful people in his West, like real human beings, that Hollywood began to see that it was all right.
