Tarzan and his partner (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I did not see when I was a child. It sounded boring. I saw it now. About a hundred times I saw a monkey (1932) and I keep a copy on the disk. This is an extraordinary movie. It is almost flawless. However, Tarzan and his partner (1934) fail. It is not harmonic, and parts of it live their own lives there. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great. Big road budget. Tarzan himself plays the main role. Jane dominates. She developed and became a jungle girl, so sexy that instead, I often forget about criticism and sing her praise. Well. She let her be cheated by a pot that kissed her and then murdered an elephant. He urges Tarzan to wear a bracelet belonging to her father. Forever. The thing would fall apart when he became interested in the jungle. Stupid? Later, someone puts him in the river. This is to prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap drama. Crocks, who are clearly interested in dead Tarzan, convince Jane that he is gone. She takes their word for granted and wants to be taken (to England). It seems that stupid Jane has forgotten how difficult Tarzan is, how difficult it is to kill him. The caravan leaves and Jane goes on. Again, the pothole. She could easily force the caravan to rest for a few hours or more to pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She can be smart. She could dive where they found a floating bracelet, check the traces around the edges. He can shoot in 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Collecting traces should not be too hard for Jane's jungle. She could talk to monkeys and so on. If she returned home without England, she would become unhappy. Jane is intelligent, but a cheap drama brings her. And why the hell let the rapist run away, "I blame myself the same as you." Penalty for being vane? Nonsense. A fight, a hard blow and saying Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This film is far from bad, even if the holes are numerous and sometimes deep. Just lean back and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
