This well-directed fantasy is the second in the popular series of defective Tarzan published by MGM. I suggest that this is a first class adventure for many reasons - perfect photography, strong imagination, delightful cast, good locations with a simulated jungle and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays in Tarzana, a one-syllable, anecdotal genre, in contrast to the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, courageous and very brave and must be in this narrative. As Jane Parker, his wife, who was Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, and also athletic, where the script requires such quality. The lighting effect, spacious and clever sets are quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the back of the MGM, which really works. The fabulous Skarpa Mutir is a distant place that allows Tarzan and Jane to live in peace; but in their idyll come people seeking from them, an envoy of civilization, which Jane left, and to which Tarzan could not get used to. One of them is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who, together with his friend, tempts her to come back to civilization with him; the dress and perfumes are interesting to her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her from several wild animals in scenes that look like humanized King King. The group claims that they want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees because of Jane, to make some traps for great games; but at some point the idea of ​​ivory and winning a fortune turns the minds of the heads of the expedition. Tarzan is shot, left to die; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on the expedition as they follow the dying elephant to the magnificent "elephant cemetery". But they find an area guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan enters the elephant, which he resurrected to call; in the most spectacular scenery filled with elephants, she saves Jane and the rest of the trip, which comes back home a bit richer, but much wiser, because Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was directed by the stage designer Cedric Gibbons and quite well. His work and lighting are the outstanding achievements of this fun and exciting film that seems real from beginning to end, despite all his shortcomings in Hollywood. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after he reveals that he is completely angry. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry very professionally complement the small cast. An extraordinary and well-realized fantasy film with interesting situations and strong dialogues. Recommended.
