"Tarzan and His Mate", the second of MGM Tarzan's photos, begins a year after the events of "Tarzan the Ape Man". Tarzan and Jane live happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the exporters from the first movie) returns, this time in the company of the less honorable Martin Arlington, in search of ivory from the elephant cemetery. Of course, there are many dangerous and exciting adventures along the way. <br /> <br /> The first movie is romantically everything - jungle, adventure, romance, wild animals and even death. The second film still has a lot of romance and many great action sequences, but the more serious action is at the core of the action. The heroes dare to ask questions like: What if something happens to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she found herself in the middle of the jungle and had to take care of herself? Although these are probably questions that real people would be asking in this situation, it creates a kind of gloom that is not always as entertaining as the attitude of the original in the style of "throw caution in the wind." <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this movie is the increase we see in the relationship between Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan still speaks very bad English, but he clearly learned a few new words from his partner. In addition, their love for each other has really blossomed and we feel that they have really spent a year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people consider "Tarzan and his husband" to be better than the original "Tarzan the Monkey". Personally, I liked the first movie a bit better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt and Martin Arlington is not as nice as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. The character of Mr. Arlington could work as a great black character of the film, but the hero plays a lot too much in the film. The film can never decide whether we should like it or hate it. (Besides, I do not want to reveal anything, but in one of the scenes where we should hate him, Jane never finds out about these events, so the ending is not as satisfying as it could be.) All these opponents, however, are relatively small and it is still a great movie. <br /> <br /> Like the first film, "Tarzan and his friend" have amazing action scenes, great footage and one of the best romances screens of all time. If you liked the first movie in this series, it is definitely a continuation.
