This film is a rip off of the novel by James Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS CALLED. Apparently, the director and producer never bother to pay for the rights to this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the fight against Italy during World War II, may explain that they forgot about royalties! Still, the movie is not just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In a sense, it is much better and in other ways, it definitely is not. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this movie are really ugly people. In fact, lovers of male and female look a bit disgusting. Male lead is quite ordinary, except for its abundant hair on the body (especially on the back and shoulders), and its love is, to be honest, unattractive. They are very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the unfortunate husband is really, really obese and loves to walk without a shirt - and his equivalent in the American movie, Cecil Kellaway is definitely better looking (and probably looks better than the other two Italian leads). And this unattractiveness is generally the reason I preferred the Italian movie - because I could not imagine an elegant "dish" like Lana Turner in the middle of anything married to Kellaway - I'm 100% sure that she would have dozens of better offers! Given that an honest Italian wife could NOT have been able to do much better, and that made the marriage truly believable. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film is due to the simple way that it deals with sex. A disinfected American movie is trying to make you believe that even though Turner and Garfield are killing Kellaway, they never have sex! This is quite stupid and totally unrealistic. In addition to the free sexuality of the film, he is also quite accidental in showing the seamy of life - with a lot of sweaty people, a fly strap hanging over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to need a bath. <br /> <br /> The film is also quite dynamic compared to the long American film. And what you get through brevity is not good. The film lacks the style and polishing of the American film - with more granular materials, relatively poor arrangement and sets. It is certainly not a nice movie, but the neorealistic style makes the film seem more realistic. But he can not compensate for the plot shortcuts. Many features in the later American version are either missing or missing. And the ending seems a lot less interesting than the American movie - and longs for the whole dilemma of human nature, when Turner and Garfield mutually attack each other like rats (the best part of the American movie). <br /> <br /> So which is the better movie? Much of this probably depends on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers film was just too polished and unrealistic (though many like this style and may not like watching subtitling movies) - but it was a great ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - until the crappy ending seemed too hasty. So no movie is exactly great, but I would bow to Italian, which is a bit better. It is a pity that they could not combine the best elements of both films into one unique film.
