Well, I heard somewhere that Ossessione is the forerunner of the Italian genre, especially my favorite, "Giallo" ... but actually, except that it is a thriller that originated in Italy; both have almost no relationship. In the sixties and seventies, Italian film makers would get a reputation that would break almost every successful American film. They did not do it here, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the subsequent American film "The Postman always rings twice", not giving the author the book, James M. Cain, so many points! In any case, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome tramp who accidentally encounters a café where a woman named Giovanna Bragan works. She soon learns that she is married to Giuseppe; a big fat annoying man Giovanna can not stand, even touching her. He wants their couple to escape together, but he is not so interested in the idea. However, fate ends with intervention and her plan to murder her husband is effective ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility, because it does not ascribe to the author whose story is based, let's say that the director Luchino Visconti well he implements the style of film noir, and in a sense, I prefer the atmosphere of this film from some of the larger American classics noir. The plot is, as might be expected, extremely strong, and Visconti manages to draw good results from his cast. Visconti drags the film too much, but in almost 135 minutes I felt that the story is too thin to guarantee this kind of length. I almost feel guilty for equalizing this whole critic in Ossessione, because it is a good movie, but it is not a "big" movie. The relationship between the two main characters is never properly researched and it seems that the film is more focused to draw us away than let us into the characters' heads. There is not much secret to the plot, because we almost always know what is going on and we do not always focus on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could be. Nevertheless, it makes watching interesting and is therefore recommended ... although it is not as good as the version from 1946. The same classic by James M. Cain.
