The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. It's hard to believe seventy years later, but the movie had the same effect as THE MATRIX, or LORD OF THE RINGS, at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, a "noble savage" that every woman dreamed about, and every man would like to be. The only person dissatisfied with this situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, although he agreed to MGM's creative freedom and enjoyed huge royal checks, felt a "depressed" version of his character (without plans to allow him to do so). grow ") was unfaithful to his vision (he founded a production company, and soon he will make his own films" Tarzan "). MGM, realizing the value of his latest "star", knew that the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND HIS MATE were delivered! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, the legendary artistic director of MGM, got a commitment from the studio to release a sequel, before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, although he NEVER directed it earlier (the studio did not foresee the influence of the film) and did not think that the novice director is important for the film "Innovative" ... and they wanted their Oscar department head to be happy). Gibbons, an extremely talented and imaginative visual artist, loved freedom from the Hollywood code and decided that TARZAN AND HIS MATE would "push the envelope" to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would be frolicking naked and Jane would look TOPLESS for most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan told in an interview shortly before her death, in 1998, that while the two were used to swim, she trusted the studio and did "a few days" of filming the sans top ... but it also hurt my head, trying strategically put plants and fruits in order to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film made at that time would be worth a fortune!) She made a naked scene with a silhouette in the tent, flashed her breasts in the end of her "swimming" and donned a changed costume "jungle", which was extremely provocative, very thin and open to the sides ... and the resulting cry would help "create" Hays Office and self-censorship, which will soon devour the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM took Gibbons out of production (the "official" reason is his work as artistic director), and veteran Jack Conway was named as a new director to appease critics ... although James C. McKay actually directed the movie because Conway was busy with 3 other projects including VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film contained the best elements of the original (safari, murderous tribes, Tarzan fighting with jungle animals to death to save Jane) and actually improved in the story's story. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) from the first film returns to Africa for the ivory from the "Elephants" cemetery and tries to seduce Jane to return to England, with gifts of silk dresses, lingerie and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a shot and steadfast womanizer who mocks the chivalrous pursuit of Jane for Holt and haunts her as a potential "conquest" to be in any way (including killing Tarzan, if and when she can with cope without being seen). <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane and lays his foot, refusing to allow the hunters to enter the Cemetery. Arlington finds his chance, catching the monkey alone and shooting him, and then returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his death. Now, Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and maybe direct them to the Cemetery, before a long trip to England, a comforted-and-nice Arlington. But wild tribe and hideous torture await the group ... can Tarzan, being restored to health by his ape family, be able to recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While the footage is again widely used, the racial stereotypes of the 1930s are obvious, and the gorillas are obviously actors in monkey suits, TARZAN AND HIS MATE achieve a level of sophistication unmatched in any other movie "Tarzan" as well as sex appeal, which even blatantly erotic TARZAN Bo Derek, APE MAN could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in top condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan has never been more beautiful, and "Africa" ​​has never looked more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph (although it would be drastically edited for many years) and remains a classic series to this day!
