With Iphigenia Mikhali, Cacoyannis is probably the first film director who successfully introduced the atmosphere of the ancient Greek theater onto the screen. His own script, adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, was far from easy, compared to the other two films of the trilogy he directed. The story has been very carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical, strictly chronological system, better adapted to modern methods of film storytelling. Cacoyannis also added to his film several characters that do not appear in Euripides' tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas and the army. It happened to explain some of Euripides' points regarding war, church and government. Finally, the end of Ifigenia Cacoyannis is somewhat ambiguous compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a rough, but beautiful Greece, where since time of Homeric it seems that time has stopped. It uses bodies, dry soil, ruins, intense light and darkness. The severity of the landscape is particularly suitable for the souls of heroes. The camera uses a whole range of available shots for a very long time, strengthening the vastness and devastation of the landscape, as well as human scale, for extreme close-ups, analyzing and penetrating deeply into the soul of tormented characters. In particular, the opening of the film, with a bold, speedy tracking along the boat line on the beach, and then from the bird's eye view of many thousands of soldiers lying apatically on the beach, is a very effective way of communicating the incredible political and military responsibility of Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> No word, but "lofty" can not describe the stunning performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Klitajmestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Ifigenia). Kazakos and Papas embody the sublimity of the classic tragedy in Greece. Kazakos' character is extremely mundane, and his powerful look at the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible torment of his soul. Irene Papas is a modern quintessence of classical Greek arts. In Ifigenia is terrible in her suffering, and even more so because what we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on screen, stands out in the performance of innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with the stern performance of Kazakos' father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his presentation of other heroes: Odysseus is a cunning, intriguing politician, Achilles, a vain, narcissistic warrior, Menalaus concentrates on himself, is obsessed with his honor, wants to be avenged and restored wife and property. <br /> <br /> Costumes and sets are realistic: there is no Hollywood there. Agamemnon's quarters resemble a barn, he dresses, like others, in a utilitarian, hand-woven, simple outfit. The royal caravan Klitajmestry consists of thick-hewn wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The music comes from the prolific composer of modern music, Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis score intensifies dramatic and cinematographic development, reflects the psychological aspect of the tragedy, emphasizes its dimensions and timeliness. <br /> <br /> This film and the story told by him offer a significant insight into the lost world of ancient Greek thought, which was a melting pot for so many of our modern civilizations. He teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism when it is measured on the basis of the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects on the vulnerable position of a woman in the world of male violence. In his adaptation of the tragedy of Euripides, Cacoyannis returns to all these themes in a modern, bright and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> The relations governing political machinations are clearly shown: war destroys and destroys the human soul to the extent that neither an individual nor a group can function normally anymore. With the exception of Menelaus, whose honor was crushed by the escape of his wife and his lover, everyone else has their own motivation to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helena: the desire for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odysseus) or glory (Achilles) . And really, Helen has become a weapon of mass destruction of the Trojan War. The war, deprived of all Homeric splendor and religious sanctions, was simply an imperialist enterprise, stimulated above all by the desire for material benefits, and everything else was a convenient pretext. between the Church and the state. Calchas, who represents the Church, feeling a challenge to his priestly authority and desiring to destroy Agamemnon for offending the Goddess whom he serves, makes him sacrifice his daughter. By agreeing to the sacrifice, the King approaches his moral ruin, but by refusing, he loses control over the masses (his army) that are brainwashed by religion. Of course, Agamemnon is a game. The king must go hand in hand with the charades, whether he honestly believes in the Gods or not, until he realizes, too late, that he has entrusted himself in committing sly sonship. <br /> <br /> Is this dedication or murder and how can we distinguish these two things? Focusing on the brutal and primitive horror of a human sacrifice - and worst of all - on sacrificing her own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is both deeply political and tormenting. It touches the most complex and delicate ethical problem that every society faces: a terrible conflict between the needs of the individual and the needs of society. However, in Ifigenia, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own child with his own hand. What kind of God would have insisted on such payment? Can it be just or moral, even if it is inspired by God? Finally, is the sacrificial death of her daughter different from the deaths of all sons and daughters sent to war? This is a lot of deep questions raised in a two-hour film.
