Ruth Snyder's murder - Judd Gray in 1927. He inspired Ogden Nash to write the Broadway art of Machinal. It was more familiar to inspire James M. Cain to write two short novels with which anyone who has actually reached the point where he reads this review would be familiar - Double compensation and Postman always rings twice. Both have become classics of film noir from the 1940s, Double compensation is probably the most perfect noire ever made. Some of the real elements of Snyder-Gray's history were captured by Cain - old age and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high sexual desire, passionate romance of Ruth and Judd, as well as complicity in the murder and the famous double damages clause. The missing elements included the fact that the actual scenery was very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder is a respected newspaper publisher. Numerous incompetent and failed attempts have also been ignored to limit the chase. <br /> <br /> Cain's double compensation was filmed by Billy Wilder - let's skip the funny Stanwyck's wig as one of those interesting movie knowledge cases! The postman always calls twice, but it was shot three times, and Ossessione, the Italian version and the first Luchino Visconti movie, was the first of three versions. Before I comment, I recommend Lana Turner - a version of John Garfield from 1946 in full and five minutes from Jack Nicholson's version - Jessica Lange from 1981 on a big sex scene on the table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as noisy as The Postman Always Rings Twice. It has a strong neo-realistic look, which makes it a great movie, but it lacks many important elements of noir. There is low lighting and unconventional camera angles. Dialogue is not difficult and instead the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of this story and deeply characterized. It is also much more sexual than the Lana Turner version. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship, and Giovanna is of course a nymphomaniac. A new story is introduced into history - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual undertones. There is also a small but very well-played role of a dancer who illuminates the moon as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than crime. The audience really feels poor and dirty. Drifter is a complete tramp, the wife is not Lana Turner, and maybe even before the wedding she was a prostitute. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this movie. My only beef is associated with a long duration. Everything is too long and would be more effective if it was more economical. Nevertheless fans of noir and realism will surely like Ossessione, just like me.
