Today's audience is likely to watch a movie like Ossessione and does not think about how unprecedented the movie was when it appeared. The film's structure really divorces from happy Hollywood conventions as well as other important theatrical elements. It is based more on presenting reality in a very bleak and sober light. Films about this character? Neorealistic films were supposed to reflect the darkness felt in times after World War II. Ossessione deals with quite provocative problems that probably were not visible on the screen before the war, including adultery, plotting, murder, pregnancy, etc. In addition to one shot of the crane and certain moments of musical swell, the aesthetics of the film is very harsh and rough: captured on the spot , uses natural lighting and most likely not very popular actors. All these elements helped to convey the problems raised in the film, giving the following motive: Negative karmic consequences persecute those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> Two advantages Gino and Giovanna are polar opposites, but both of them bring mentality: we are bored and we want to play. Gino is a tramp; a lonely traveler who embraces life and his constant hesitation. Giovanna is a bored house wife fortified in a specific marriage: she does not want to leave her home and her husband, but she prefers to stay where she is because she is safer. Lifestyle Gino is the ideal lifestyle that Giovanna wants; The only difference is that she is too afraid to live alone, that's why she falls in love with Gino: she represents everything she wants, but she does not have the courage to get it. Does he want to live in a world free from the monotony of living with his big husband? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The case that occurred between the two most likely left the audience in the 1940s, feeling a bit uncomfortable. That is, films from before the neorealist era have never before shown such scandalous behavior on the screen. In conclusion, it was probably a bit worrying. <br /> <br /> In connection with the theme, the neo-realistic style helps to show the negative effects of adultery. In short, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to a depressing and ultimately deadly life. When Gino and Giovanna conspire to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma comes to persecute them like a plague after the end of the act. They return home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (which you can expect from a neo-realistic style). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating her husband Giovanna, they would live happier, but they were deceived. The film ends with Giovanna's death, which is the karmic similarity of her husband's death. I think it is a very satisfying ending for several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> Much is said about whether evil should be presented on screen, and if so, to what extent. I think that the presentation of evil is very necessary only when the presented evil is not glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences have bad actions. As Ossessione asks overtly, is adultery and murder wrong? I think the movie is happy to answer yes! Adulterous behavior between them reveals how dissatisfied they are. Ironically, at the end of the movie, when they seem to have been cured of depression and see wallowing in the interior of the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is actually a facade: the car breaks off the cliff and into the river, killing Giovanna; Gino police detention. I think the intention of the author was to say that although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, eventually karma will come back to persecute them. I agree. I think they both had what came to them because they were both extremely selfish, they always wanted immediate satisfaction and they did not want to endure hard times. This was particularly evident after the first signs of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationship: she can not cope with the pressure of living in the shadow of her husband Giovanna, so she leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This is typical of an insatiable, hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> In total, the movie seemed very risky for its time. However, the audience was ready to see such a movie because of the sobriety that the war brought. In these pre-war films, happy-go-lucky was not believed. Film viewers were ready to see and contemplate difficult films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in the so-called "sin" because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossesion therefore acts as a great catalyst for the future of the film. It means that many of the naturalistic fragments that we see today can be called the influences of the neorealistic film movement.
