When people hear the drama of the forties today, they tend to create a distance of irony, claiming that this is another tear-squeezer with big stars at the forefront of tragic, melancholy roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble neorealist films, in particular the film directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE as his debut censored and once valued as an almost realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and heavily criticized by others. Conflicting opinions about the film that emerged during these 65 years seem to be due to the content of the film itself, extremely controversial both for modern times and the past. At the same time, based on the novel by James M. Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, is one of the most original screen adaptations in which the director remains his own style, view, and his own art. I saw this movie twice, and the second watching led me to a very detailed analysis, some of which I would like to describe below. <br /> <br /> First of all, Visconti's film seems to touch all psychology and actions that people can do in life, especially a preoccupied desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they have to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) traveler with "bear arms" appears at the intersection of the highway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there for a meal, Gino has something more - much more: the tireless desire of beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai) a woman who is already the wife of an elderly man who runs a bar, Giuseppe Bragan (Juan De Landa). Her body and her song have completely mastered his mind, and from the first moment of love, the couple plans to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... But are people attached to bad deeds in the face of desire? Can you build love after murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does thirst lead to dangerous addiction or even obsession? Such questions intensively appear while watching a movie, when the viewer has an insight into the characters. "We must love each other tenderly," says Giovanna, seemingly giving the remedy to all crying consciences, but perhaps the wishing love justifies and cures everything? "Is not that what we both wanted," says one of the couples ... it turns out that it is not. That is why the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if it is not analyzed with the intellect and the heart. Still, it provokes thinking. <br /> <br /> Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that tells modern viewers: great moments and great pictures that combine with unforgettable sequences and visual power. This makes the contemporary viewer realize that the movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely fun to watch. From tasteful erotic photos to purely technical photos. Who can skip this moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, something like "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), dancer Anita and buys her ice cream. His desires show him a completely different direction ... Do the viewers remain indifferent at the first Gino-Giovanna meeting? The first focal point of the camera rests on Giovanna's legs, seemingly representing the bodily desire for love that Gino experiences. The miracle of the shot is that Gino and Giovanna leave the investigation room and bring their shadows closer, which directs our attention to their suspicious gaze. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can boast of outstanding achievements from both the main pair and supporting cast. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that the work in this film was one of the most difficult tasks he had ever done; however, as a consequence, error-free operation comes out. He presents a bisexual man torn in desires who commits a crime, but he can not bear any of the objects that remind him of his sacrifice, which represents his conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in very surprising circumstances on the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast in the role after the outstanding Anna Magnani refused, very well suits the role and we can argue that there is real chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa in the role of Bragan: he portrays an old husband who is not affectionate to his wife and is still crazy about high art. In some of the most brilliant moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walk the empty streets, singing his favorite opera songs after a kind of karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> In summary, we, as new viewers, are capable of a critical look, they have to look at this film very objectively. It is certainly art thanks to these aspects, it is also a powerful story thanks to the controversies it brings; but is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who said there was no news for humanity. In this case, his films will only be entertaining (which, of course, is not entirely Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to share. What did he want to say here? Is the movie against a bad marriage? Or maybe against the evil actions of people preoccupied with lust? The last shocking moments speak for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is a really wonderfully realistic movie, one of the best Visconti 8/10
