Ossessione, adapted loosely (or if it's so loose or close to the version I saw in the James M. Cain movie The Postman Always Rings Twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure) by the first director Luchino Visconti, no less outstanding with the use of mis-en-scene, music (both diegetic and non diegetic) and acting. I did not know what to expect from Visconti in his approach to the material, after seeing La Terry Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations crept in. But this is a completely character and drama based on emotions, bordering on the melodrama (but without conventions that get stuck in the smaller ones), and thanks to style in the best path of the beginning film noir, Visconti creates a debut that engages like any other neorealistic film. Incidentally, neorealism can rightly be considered as the forefather (along with De Sica's work The Children Are Watching Us), which will be shaped after the war. Although love and romance are more fun here than in some of the more well-known neo-realistic efforts, they are dealt with dispassionate storytelling fashions and are associated with other known topics in neorealism (lower class, death, desperation). <br /> <br /> Apart from the story, which is simply described on this page, the artistry that makes Visconti capture images and then applies them to objects (shawl over the Gino Costa profile when it's in guilt), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes in the film (usually over Gian and Giovanna), and the sense of Italian streets in many exterior scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would rate some of Rossellini's and Fellini's films) help to imagine the appearance of Ossessione, who usually moves on the character, and then pauses to read so many emotions on their faces, their voices and manners beautiful and ugly, sad, dark and romantic. I think I just scratched at the effectiveness of the fact that the film itself moves me, even when I was afraid of the future of these two tracks. Both (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) present all fascinating, true and close operatic emotions, and key supporting actors are also without their attributes. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant, devastating adaptation that points to a striking signpost of what was to come for Visconti in his career.
