Wow! This type of movie that can be watched ten times and still be enchanted by its nuances. Absolutely unbelievable! If it was Visconti's debut film, I shudder at the thought of what would happen if it had a better effect than the film and the movie. The only other one I've seen (at the time of writing) is Death in Venice - which was absolutely unbelievable: more visually stunning than Ossessione (Obsession). One of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen, but his story was not as interesting as Ossessione. If you click "different" on the links of this page, there will be photos from the movie on these pages. They really will not give away the impression from the movie: such neat camera movements, such a beautiful composition, such wonderful faces, such great characters, great development of history, the first film adapted from the movie James M Cain "The Postman Always Rings" Twice. "<br /> <br /> I can not believe he was born in 43, eight years before Brando had to introduce realistic acting to the world thanks to Streetcar Named Desire (1951). Actors may not use the technique of the method, i.e. They may not feel everything really themselves (I do not know anything about it) - but these are some of the best, most authentic and realistic performances to date in the cinema. In addition, eight years before Streetcar Named Desire introduced a new sensuality, Ossessione was electrifyingly sensual! The most sensual thing from the beginning of the cinema! Yes, I'm superlative, but Ossessione was just great. <br /> <br /> The reason why Ossessione did not influence Streetcar was that it was made in fascist Italy and was forbidden by Mussolini, and cut back in America. The American audience did not see the full glory until 59, eight years of PO streetcar. <br /> <br /> I will not say more about it - I am just writing to say that it is one of the best, most beautiful and exciting movies that I have ever seen, and have you come out and see it! Like another reviewer, I intend to buy it whenever I can find it!
