The first Visconti movie, Ossessione, is the adaptation of "James Postman Always Rings Twice" by James M. Cain. I do not know this book or other film versions, but I am a big fan of Cain's double compensation (much more than the fan of his movie version of Billy Wilder). Two novels seem to be very similar. Both are associated with an illegal romance in which a hungry wife complains morally to a weak man that her husband is worthless and meaningful to her. Giovanna, a woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, is not evil incarnate like a wife in double compensation, but seems very broken. Her husband (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she strikes me as if she was just as uncompromising with him. She is older than her and unattractive, so she's rather capricious. When Gino appears, a young, muscular man, takes about five minutes to put him to bed. She sweats that she wants to be with him forever, but she got stuck with her husband. Initially they fall apart, but when they meet, (apparently, although it is deliberately unclear) they plan to murder their husband. They succeed and return to the hometown of a woman to run a bar owned by her husband. Gino is very reluctant to this idea. He wants Giovanny, but he definitely does not want to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship is quickly falling apart. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it takes too long. After two hours and twenty-two minutes I can not, for a lifetime, find out how long it lasted! This is partly due to the neorealistic style that Visconti invented in this film. After all, it was the first film that won the label. We see many extended activities, just like in real life, without rushing to the next point of the story. I have seen many Visconti films, and the only one I like more than this is Rocco and his brothers (1960). Its direction is as great as it used to be, with the camera moving perfectly and perfect assembly. I also feel the need to highlight the best movie performance, by Dhii Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita, whom Gino meets after trying to break away from Giovanna. She's only five to six minutes in the movie, and she has only a few lines. It's shocking how much Visconti and Christiani can do with this character in such a short time. It is absolutely painful. 9/10.
