Watching "Ossessione" today - over 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for people interested in the story of the film, and more specifically, how Italian filmmakers changed films forever (more or less from "Ossessione" and De Sica "I Bambini Ci Guardano", both from 1943, Up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes an amazing directorial debut, taking (invaluable) the story "The Postman always calls twice" as a guide to developing your own motives. <br /> <br /> It strikes us even today as it overtakes its "Ossessione" time. Filmed in fascist Italy during World War II (think about it !!), he depicted scenes and topics that caused the film to be immediately banned in cinemas - and the fact that he used the story of the famous American novel and did not pay any copyrights did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" alarmingly reveals the poor times of war in Italy (far from the idealized Italy depicted in the fascist films "Telefoni Bianchi"); but he is also extremely bold in his sexual sincerity, with no shirt Gino (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Kowalski Brando in "A Streetcar Named Desire") takes Giovanna (Clara Calamai), married woman, to bed just 5 minutes after the first meeting. We watch the sloppy, deliberate undressing of Calamai and the subtle but undeniable homosexual clues between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - very attractive actor, his face is no different from the face of Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945 For years! ) ... In a few words: sex, desire, greed and poverty, as inexorable as rarely, if at all, it was shown earlier in the Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after opening - they were called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save the printout, and when the film was re-released after the war, most critics called it a front-runner of the neorealist movement, preceding Rossellini's "Roma CIttà Aperta" and "Sciuscia" De Siki. Other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian equivalent of "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti was Renoir's assistant), especially "Quai des Brumes" by Marcel Carné and "Le Jour se Lève", and "Pépé le Moko "Julien Duviviera. <br /> <br /> While Ossessione may be neo-realistic in its visual language (the image of life during the war in Italy with popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, vagrants, cheats, etc.), characters and the topics were definitely Viscontian. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elites than in the realistic "everyday" characters and themes preferred by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we find elements of drama and tragedy, which later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (definitive departure from neorealistic aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his most "Neo - Realistic film "La Terra Trema" makes its fishermen change from everyday figures to mythological characters. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists whose work is constantly approaching, analyzes and develops specific topics and concerns, from the first to the last work, regardless of whether the scenery, background or the time setting can change - Visconti can play with a frame, but the themes and essence of his art is, well, obsessively recurring. "Ossessione" is not to be missed: you are certainly fascinated by this breakthrough, powerful movie.
