I sat there alone in my apartment on Saturday night with the choice of watching CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of Americans reading this I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries from all over Europe and Asia Minor organize a song contest. At the end of the competition, the countries vote to see what the best song was. This is a competition that is even less exciting than it sounds and may not be shocking when I say that singing and writing songs does not belong to Lennon and McCartney classes. And I should improve something in the first sentence of this review, because the word "Choice" is misleading because being a music lover, I did not intend to watch TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> I sat down so the loans went to CITIZEN X, expecting a series of serial killers, but I would mislead everyone. This is obvious during the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. The film shows the failure of communism: "Comrade of a serial killer! It's the Soviet Union, serial killers can exist only in decadent imperialist capitalist systems. " This farce of attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene in which a secret policeman sits on an icy train station, guarding potential suspects, wearing a police jacket, because it is the only warm coat he has! And of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without interrogations, which will affect the final death toll. All this is very well done, because we show that it is a system of the communist party that is at the process stage, but about two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X we are in 1990, when communism is on its last legs and police investigation reforms have taken place. At this point, the film becomes rather uninteresting due to the lack of political subtext, and the film goes into the average film of hunting. But do not let it put you off, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller well played by the cast, especially Donald Sutherland as the police chief on the father's side. <br /> <br /> Strange that a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson in which he said something similar, according to which serial killers let themselves be caught, so that they would be the center of attention in the media center of attention, and I discovered that I almost feel sorry for party leaders denying that there could be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media are controlled by the party and everyone who is old enough to listen to Moscow Radio or read English translations of the Truth, he will know that the USSR has only reported news such as potato harvest, coal production and thank you letters from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. For Soviet help. The concept of becoming a serial killer in the communist system is illogical. But I think if a tree falls in a distant Siberian forest, it will still make a sound, although no one will hear it.
