Blood Castle (known as Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best, but least exploitable movie title, etc.). It's a very traditional Romanesque gothic movie. This means that she has large, frightening castles, a stubborn young woman, a mysterious older man, horror and supernatural traces, as well as romantic elements in the modern sense of the term. It also means that it is very deliberately traversed and that the film will work best in the case of horrors who are big fans of understatement. If you love movies like The Haunting by Robert Wise (1963), but you also like Spanish and Italian horror movies from the turn of the 1960s and 1970s, you can also fall in love with Blood Castle. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional, unspecified European village. The locals are afraid of him, because the legend says that every time he puts a woman, it soon ends in death - the consensus is that he puts his wild dogs on them. This is quite a problem, because Baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film another woman appeared dead and maimed. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village asking for Baron Dalmar to be taken to Baron. He is a non-resident who was employed by Baron for her knowledge of chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go to the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a suspect person (who becomes even thinner) to take her away. There, a strange woman living in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivanna and says she should not be there, since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar hesitates whether she should stay. In the end, he stays, but a little reluctantly. The baron hired her to try to reverse the effects of serious burns that Baron's brother Igor suffers. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the baron's brother seems to be just a body of decaying body in a vat of bizarre, blackish liquid. In addition, Ivanna has strange, hallucinatory dreams. What's going on in the castle? Is the baron responsible for crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to like Blood Castle more than I did. As I mentioned, the movie is very deliberate, and most of them are very undervalued. I can go both ways for such material. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I'm there in a very small minority), but I am a big fan of the European horror of the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love the work of Dario Argento from this period. But from time to time, Blood Castle was moving a little too slowly for me. There are large fragments that make up scenes of not too exciting conversations interspersed with scenes of Ivanna slowly walking down the corridors of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director José Luis Merino managed not only with satisfying sets and locations, but he is also quite well filmed by Emanuele Di Cola. However, Blood Castle has a relatively low budget, and this is finally a movie produced by Roger Corman (which usually means a "quickie" with a low budget, although often surprisingly high quality). So, although there is a note of Bava's vivid colors and the complex decoration of the set, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it does not help that the Retromedia I print looks like a 30-year-old photo that has been left in the sun for too long. It seems "washed out" with a compromise contrast. <br /> <br /> Despite this, Merino and Di Cola sometimes set fantastic visual effects. For example, the scene of Ivanna walking in a darkened corridor, which is shot from an exaggerated angle, and where an important element of the story is revealed only by shadows on the wall. There are also some shots of Ingmar Bergmanesque, in which the actors are perfectly blocked to suggest complex relationships, except that they are simply visually attractive and draw the eye deep into the frame. <br /> <br /> Performances are quite good, and women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino uses this fact through a decent amount of nudity. Schürer made several films that were as soft as corn porn and other genres, with English titles such as Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975) and Erotic Exploits of a Sexy Seducer (1977). Blood Castle is a very tamer, but in addition to nudity, there are still gentle scenes suggesting rape and bondage, and of course the scenes that combine sex and death. <br /> <br /> However, the main attraction is probably a story that is a kind of slow-burning romance. Elements of horror, mysterious elements and slightly unexpected turnaround at the end are bonuses, but in the end Blood Castle is a love story, about a couple overcoming various difficulties and antagonisms (often with physical dangers or harms) to be together.
