I remember how in the newspapers I lived in South Africa after the case of Andre Chicatillo. They had pictures of him sitting in a cage when he was prosecuted in court. No, as it turned out, protect members of the court, but protect him from public opinion. It was fascinating, though morbid, reading. Later, I found out that HBO made a film about the case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! Oddly enough, CITIZEN X has a limited cinema premiere in South Africa. I went to the local Ster Kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (I was alone, my girlfriend was interested then only STEEL MAGNOLIES and GREEN TASTE). Wow! What a great movie. Why was not it released to a wider audience? If it had not been created for television, he could have been nominated for an Oscar or 2. There is no way to end corruption; who is the killer is never kept in front of the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn presents a truly terrifying psycho. He is calm, oppressed, considered by his wife a failure and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. By committing these terrible deeds, he feels strong and strong. <br /> <br /> The struggle to catch him against all adversities is a pathologist, played to the perfect turn by Stephen Rea, in one of his strongest performances. He must fight the snails of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources that he has at his disposal and (above all) the refusal of the superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. The responsible general (Joss Ackland) claims that serial killers are a "decadent, western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help must be under the counter. Always brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks the protocol and decides to help researchers in their search. For the first time in Russian history, a psychiatrist is used to build a serial killer profile that is still at large, and has everything to lose if its involvement becomes public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly played, well-written, and music and editing only increase the tension and the theme of the film. Excellent support from the terribly underestimated Imelda Staunton and the true sense of impending doom make CITIZEN X a film worth seeing. It was too good to be recorded for television
