The dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's orchestra An American in Paris from 1928 is an unquestionable masterpiece. Choreographed with the precision and unprecedented talent of Gene Kelly, the vivid combination of color, music and dance is still surprising, because the song is divided into scenes inspired by selected masters - Dufy at the beginning of the song Place de la Concorde, Manet at the flower market , Utrillo on the Paris street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh on the spectacular Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec on the Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears her famous white body. The 97 minutes that precede this final are not so exciting, not a long shot, but there are some charms to watch in the entire Oscar-winning 1951 musical. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner created a surprisingly refined, though rather light, romantic story focused on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II, trying to make a living as painter. Thanks to his braggadocio and sporty dance style, Gene Kelly can be both compelling and irritating as a screen personality, but it seems that his work is carefree Jerry. The love-triangle story focuses on Jerry's involvement in Milo Roberts, the self-proclaimed patron of art, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On his first date at the crowded Montmartre nightclub, Jerry falls in love with Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's fiancée, a professional artist and friend of Jerry's buddy Adam, an unfinished concert pianist. Romantic complications appear until the inevitable ending, but not earlier than a few classic Gershwin songs. <br /> <br /> The best of them are the most imitated - a darkly romantic song and dance to "Faux-Seine River" in the blue misty fog with yellow fog lights. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron are spinning are transcendent because they initially come together initially, and then beautifully synchronize with the music leading to the final clinch. Few films so elegantly and succinctly showed the two lovers. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" pay attention to the agile Kelly dance and pleasant singing, while "Embraceable You" dances impressively Caron in the five-stage scenery of Lise, depicting Lisa. Adam. Designed to show the versatility of Carona's dance, the sequence is similar to that in "On the Town", where Vera-Ellen showed her considerable dancing skills when sailor Kelly described his multi-faceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br /> Like Lise, nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film), she dances and performs her role with unformed charm, and her acting talent does not flourish for several years. He looks pretty charming, Nina Foch plays older as manipulative Milo and manages to be so nice that we care about her fate, while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic me as Adam. By doing the elegant "I will build stairs to paradise", George Guétary plays Henri so nice that you feel bad, that he loses the girl at the end. This is not the best versatile MGM musical, but there is certainly enough film magic to make it quite profitable. 2000 DVDs contain a fairly flawless print, but not much more in terms of additions.
