What makes Best Picture the best? Oscars have received much attention for rewarding faded glasses that have aged badly, and ignoring the "authors" who will be deified in the coming decades. Not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. Academy Awards are choices made by the industry itself, and therefore, at least in the classical period, they rewarded the greatest cooperation, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. <br /> <br /> Arthur The released unit at MGM has for many years been associated with the glory of the Oscar winner; it was only a matter of time before Freed, assisted by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and one of the best music stars in the industry, would land on the best picture. Freed probably did more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else, creating images that combine the story and the song together, without losing the dynamic performance of musicals from the 1930s. The point is that in Freed's musicals, song lyrics, unlike Hammerstein or Lerner's lyrics, do not have to be told or even related to stories. It is important that the tone of the song and the manner of its presentation fit the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> The American in Paris was the first of Freed's three musicals (the other two were Singin 'in) the Rain and The Band Wagon), which brought out the existing classic numbers from their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated history. Words do not fit the story, but the procedures match the program. So when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, there's no girl yet, but the way it's done with French kids is great, and the optimistic melody and dance give the film a small payout needs at this moment. The American in Paris also uses the violation of rules allowed in this genre to add some unconventional fancy flights to tell stories, such as a series of dances accompanying the character description of Leslie Caron. <br /> <br /> And is there a better director of this project than Minnelli, a painter and pianist himself? At that time, there was no one with a better sense of Technicolor. While some directors saturate each scene in one color or fill the screen with dimmer shades, Minnelli's color schemes are tightly controlled but never look forced. In the opening scenes the sounds are quite calm, but not gray, and in particular the lack of red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary in the cafe, a few more vivid shades were introduced. Then, during the first musical issue of "By Strauss", Minnelli gradually introduces red spots? tablecloth, bouquet of roses? until it finally dominates, as if the song woke up the color scheme of the picture. In most songs, the colors are choreographically as intricate as people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", it keeps the same shades, and instead opens up space when the song swells, and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> Achilles' the heel of an American in Paris is his story. Personally, I think that the romantic angle is particularly distasteful, playing the way it liked the last hurricane for misogynist love stories that prevailed in the 1930s; a stubborn, independent woman is rejected, while a quiet, delicate girl is harassed by the hero's lovemaking. Even if you do not mind, it's difficult to emotionally connect with the story, because it is constantly overshadowed by songs and dances. Compare this with Singin 'in the Rain, which does not have as many great routines or unforgettable sets as An American in Paris, but has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was omitted during the Oscars in 1952, but today is considered the classic of this genre. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a way of telling stories. The American in Paris is neither deep nor addictive nor tearful, but, just like a painting by DeMille who won the highest prize the following year, it is certainly a great show.
