Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and the voices of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight from the German film school, who preferred the tones of symbolism and surrealism of Ingmar Bergmanesque, came the 1982 film, which was Wagner's last work - Parsifal, written for correspondence with the Good Friday / Easter and the dedication of the Bayreuth Opera . This film follows the musical score and plot, but the way it was filmed and made is brave and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal loves this bizarre image. Syberberg is known for its controversial films. Before this film, he published films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his great daughters. This movie can be disturbing in many aspects. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg, but played by Michael Kutter) is a man in the first part of the movie, and then, after the spell of Kundry's kiss, he transforms into a woman. This sex-bending element shows the female / male / ying-yang nature of the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the stronghold of the pagan wizard Klingsor there are photographs of such notoriously sinister figures as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and lover Wagner Matilde Wesendock. The Swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress. Parsifal travels to the nineteenth and twentieth centuries throughout the film. Tempting Flower Girls are naked. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve from Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is intended for fans of this kind of bizarre Germanic / European symbolic metaphic and for intellectuals who value symbolism, history and lovers of Wagner's opera. Indeed, the singing is wonderful and convincing. Parsifal Reiner Goldberg is a focused and intense voice, but lacks depth and overall size of the larger Parsifali scene - James King, Wolfgang Windgassena, Rene Kollo and today's Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual, dramatic and exciting Kundry, perfectly delving into her tormented state. While production is certainly unorthodox and as little Wagner as possible (Wagner's concept was a Christian ceremonial pump with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, dark wizard, darkness changing into light, etc.) Typical Wagnerian themes ). It's still a nice artistic film.
