I did not know absolutely anything about Chocolat before watching it. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the director or the story of the film. I only knew that it was a highly-regarded French film. If I knew more, I probably would not see this picture with an open mind. I do not think it's interesting on paper. If I knew what Chocolat is about before, my interest in watching would be limited. However, ignorance of history helped me to enjoy it. At all times, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was not a predictable movie. Indeed, it could have been in the story in retrospection. Story telling in flashbacks is often a risky move on the part of filmmakers. Because the main character is seen nowadays, the audience knows that he will stay alive. Using the flashback technique, director Claire Denis is able to assure the audience that the young girl goes into adulthood without any serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more about emotions than about the outside. A smaller filmmaker would give France a puny face that screams because of a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis introduces France as a beautiful girl who looks good outside. <br /> <br /> It could be argued that Chocolat is more about the mother of France, because it was given much more time on the screen, although I believe that ultimately it comes to France. For me, what Chocolat really is is how the mother's actions affect her daughter. The point is how the behavior of parents stays with their offspring. France has not been ruined by the mother's actions in history, but her mother's actions clearly made an impression on France. If France were not affected by the mother's actions at all, the aspect of retrospection would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> In the case of a film that deals with two periods of time, past and present, Chocolat was a very good pace, there was no excess fat scene. None of the scenes seemed selfless or out of place. The film had a nice rhythm, a sharp editing, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-told story, a solid edition and an organized director, Chocolat is one of the better French films I've seen. He was responsible for the start of career of Claire Denis and for good reason: it's an amazing directing debut.
