It's an amazing movie to watch or show to young people. In addition to the very short nude scene, it gives an interesting look at the colonial rule in Africa, which is rarely found in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic down. The white French in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even consider natives to be human. Whites are bosses and expect Black captivity without asking. However, unlike real servants, you only hear once that one of the Whites says "thank you" and does not care about other people. Many times it is as if they were domestic animals or slaves, because people's feelings are never taken into account. <br /> <br /> The main illustration of this mindlessness is the relationship between the mother, Aimée and her servant, Protée. Although they sometimes spend a lot of time together and it is normal for them to start feeling sexual feelings about themselves, the White woman never considers Protée or the existence of his feelings. A good example of this mindlessness is the situation in which Protée attaches a dress and it is obvious that she is very sexually frustrated. In addition to this relationship, while almost all White people are completely unaware of the fact that Africans are human, some go so far as to verbally abuse and treat them like rubbish. <br /> <br /> There is also an interesting relationship between Protée and a little girl (who is an adult at the beginning and the end of the movie). Although they are very close, sometimes it is more of a toy or pet, and the girl never plays with native children. <br /> <br /> There is one bizarre White figure that seems to think Black sometimes better, but unfortunately its character is very inconsistent and misleading. In an instant, he's working hard on Black people or with them (something the other White would never do), and the next one tries to beat Protée! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just a jerk, or he was crazy, or maybe he was a communist agitator trying to incite Czarni against White (who knows!). In fact, apart from a few good scenes, this character seems to be very wasted. <br /> <br /> Although I really liked the insight into this film, I would like it to be more than just a few fragments of this world from the perspective of a child in one small period of life. The context and what has happened to free the country from colonialism is never touched and the film leaves me more inclined. The movie began in the early 80s (since wearing the Walkman headset), and when the movie went back in time, it seems that it was set around 1960 (More or less), but never mentioned Anticolonial violence or independence a nation from the 1950s. I'm guessing that some of these misconceptions may be that the filmmakers have screwed up and SHOULD have the beginning of the film before (eg in the seventies) and whether the woman came back to her life in the early 1950s - before the country experienced a political change. <br /> <br /> In addition to the lack of context and confusion over time, using a prologue and an epilogue that showed her as an adult traveling around the country was a good idea. I also appreciate the ending, because it was a pleasant surprise when you learn more about the nice man who offers her a ride. But in general, there seems to be something missing - there is simply no solution or message other than showing that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
