Located in Cameroons in West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonating poem that depicts the effects of dying colonialism on a young family in recent years of French rule. The subject is similar to the last Nowhere in Africa, although the films differ significantly in scope and emphasis. The film tells from the perspective of an adult returning home to childhood in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, remembers her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroon and was friends with the thoughtful servant Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). The heart of the film, however, focuses on the French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her relationship with Protée, who is boiling with unspeakable sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The household is divided into public and private spaces. Rooms for white families are private and limited to everyone, except Protée, who works at home, while servants are forced to eat and take a shower outside, exposing their naked brown bodies to the looks of a white family. It becomes clear when her husband Marc (François Cluzet) goes away in business that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted, but social rules prevent him from openly admit. In one eloquent sequence, he invites him to his bedroom to help her put on a dress, and the two stare at their image in the mirror with rebellious longing in their eyes, knowing that every interaction is a taboo subject. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also makes a relationship with the maid, feeding him from the plate, while he shows her how to eat the crushed ants and wears her on his shoulders during walks under the night sky. Despite their ties, the true nature of their master-servant relationship is evident when France orders Protée to interrupt the conversation with the teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protée stands next to her at the table, waiting for the next command. When the plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must enter the complex until the spare part can be located. Every visitor shows his contempt for Africans, firstly, the wealthy owner of a coffee plantation brings remnants of food from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, annoys racial equilibrium when she uses an external shower, eats with servants and mocks with Aimée for her train to Protée, leading her to the final emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is loosely autobiographical, adapted from the director's childhood memories and slowly circulates and is as mysterious as the dark isolation of the land on which he is filmed. Denis speaks about the effects of colonialism, without preaching or romanticizing heroes. There are no victims or oppressors, no simple sympathizers. Protée is a servant, but he is also a protector, as when he stands guard over the bed in which Aimée and her daughter sleep to protect them from the raging hyena. It is sad that Protée is treated like a boy, not as a man, but Bankolé saturates his character with such dignity and rank that he reduces pain. Because of the pace, Western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film, and Denis, according to Roger Ebert, does not "train our emotions." The truth about Chocolat is in the gestures and glances that touch the quiet longing of our heart.
