Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy creates natural materials in ephemeral works of art, combining rocks into egg-shaped mounds, filling riverside rock pools with fiery flowers and combining thorns and twigs into intricate network patterns. The original work and a few photographs of his other works are hidden in the corner of the art gallery in Southampton (near the place where I live), but although I found these pieces intriguing, I realized the miracle of Goldsworthy's work, when I was lucky to watch the Rivers show again and Tides. <br /> <br /> Film by Thomas Reidelsheimer, accompanied by the beautiful instrumental soundtrack of Fred Frith, enlivens Goldsworthy and his art, showing the artist at work. The opening scene captures him for the fusion of the icicle fragments into the threadlike thread set on the trunk of the tree. Working with teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy performs a beautiful, ephemeral work. Soon, this delicate sculpture melts away in the bright sun of Nova Scotia. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is extraordinary. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are completed, as well as the glory of those who shine, even if only for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy presents the narrative himself, speaking slowly but with attention to the topics in his work. He explains his need to work with nature, to be alone in it and to understand it further by trying to work with natural materials, even if they seem to work against it. Sometimes it is mundane and full of humor; another time he is fighting for words to express his goal? something that is quite understandable when I see his amazing first-hand job. The title "Rivers and Tides" become more and more important when we see natural materials passing through the artist's hands, flowing from one form to another. Capturing the creation and solution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with very different materials and covers territory in North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art for others in this film is comprehensive; it gave me the same feeling of tiredness that I feel when I spend too much time in an art gallery and fight for something new. The short period in which we get acquainted with Andy's family and his hometown is all that breaks the long series of his works. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer is great at photographing Goldsworthy and his works, locating them in a broader environment, from the meandering rivers of Canada to the rainy Scottish slopes. The movie ends when Goldsworthy throws a handful of earth and snow into the sky. Fleeting patterns appear from dust particles, even when scattered in the air; it is the purest expression of beauty that can be found in the work of this extraordinary artist.
