I admit that for the first 20 minutes of this movie I was not entirely sure if I would sit through the whole thing. Like many other people, I found it quite boring and I could not wait for an hour and a half to watch this guy biting icicles and sticking them together. However, if you sit down while creating your first job long enough to see the finished product, you have an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the movie is. I really think it's sad that so many people have found it incredibly boring or a repetition of ideas from other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's art and methods, which makes his art completely by nature, generally causing pieces that will be consumed by nature through normal entropy process. It is slow and awkward, but I think the essence of the film is to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any accompaniment to be appreciated. I've even heard people complain that he's always talking in the whole movie, instead of letting nature and his graphics speak for themselves, which I think is crazy. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, a lot of people complain about CDs with texts written in them. Many musicians think that their music should mean what the listener wants, if the musician did not show the exact texts, I think I am a person who believes that I would like to know what the artist tried to achieve with his or her work. I can still take what I want, even if I know what to do. I understand that I do not want to hear him talking through the movie. He eventually loses his thinking and is unable to explain his work more than once, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching a movie, feel free to turn off the sound. It's like you do not read the lyrics if you do not want to know what the musician is singing and would prefer to interpret the lyrics yourself. <br /> <br /> I think that the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I did not have, existed before, I saw this movie, it is incredibly impressive and I'm glad that this movie was made to present it. Indeed, because his work is not usually one that can be moved to the studio, photography is the only medium other than a film that can express it, and I really appreciate the opportunity to see a work that goes into his art and the way that only things are used from nature. Regardless of whether you appreciate certain aspects of the film, Goldsworthy's work moves enough to overlook it, because the film is not a star, Goldsworthy's play. Given the lack of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slow nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
