Zero day has its purpose and it is not just entertainment, but it provides information about specialized school shooters. Graphing the lives of two friends Andre and Cal, leading to the attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film began in a rather modest way, an impromptu message about the upcoming attack in amateur teenage style, followed by short meetings with boys' families. Soon we will start to deal with the boys showing us their collection of weapons, their fetish love for them, their sporadic, narcissistic fantasies, and even the controversial scene on how to build pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> So what movie is trying to say? What really motivates those who will soon become killers. It is difficult to really define. They certainly do not meet cold-blooded psychopaths, but they plan an act of pure brutality. This brings me to what I consider a genius in the Zero part. Cal and Andre talk constantly about how much they are at a different level, how they are above us and how they "leave us all". Like Colombian murderers, they really feel better. Like Nietzsche's sentiment, the Cal and Andre value system seems to be born of rejection on the part of their society. However, we only see this, for example, the expression of hatred of a popular athlete. So where is the motivation? I believe that Coccio introduced two people who desperately wanted to express superiority as a gesture of their power, but they do not have a reasonable place to do so. Hence they turn to mass murders and those that will attract more attention than they ever realized. That's why school shooters seem to be able to do cruel acts, even though they come from good, stable, loving homes. Murder is part of the fantasy, Cal and Andre are completely lost in their fantasy, almost not seeing the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the most fascinating in this movie is character development and the unique dependence that Cal and Andre have on them. Andre is clearly the leader of these two in the whole film, and Cal's inclusion of his attitude and outfit seems a bit forced. Andre is tense, Andre is intense and serious. Completely avoiding others, except his family, he is meticulous and precise in everything he does, and for a time the main perpetrator in the conspiracy appears to attack the school. However, he is sympathetic in a way, does not accept teenage nonsense, and in part we feel compelled to agree with him, but these moments are broken by fleeting gestures of Andre's violence towards us, viewers treating us as trustees and potential victims. On the other hand, Cal seems more relaxed than Andre, he accepts reality more. However, it is dominant in its own way. We have many personal moments of introspection with the Cal video book, scenes when it is alone and outside of Andre. Cal seems to be fighting his personal demons and using his plan to exorcise himself. Andre is jealous that Cal goes to the ball with an old friend, he wants Cal to be his own. Cal calms Andre and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre seems to find someone who believes in him and who admits him can not lose him. While Cal found someone who offers him a way out. <br /> <br /> The movie certainly gains momentum and improves as it approaches a grim conclusion. It is an excellent moment when Cal participates in a junior high school ball. Suddenly, the film star becomes shy and introverted, he does not feel at ease with his peers. Nevertheless, we are inclined to feel more connected to Cal than to the noisy bawdy crowd shouting at the juvenile curses, while we drink heavily in the limousine. Their episode is too common and recognizable. We do not want to refer to them when it's over, and Cal returns with Andrzej, who silently prepares one of his final movies we like when heroes once again feel comfortable in the safe fantasy world they've created. We feel as if we were avoiding the masses like them. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is great. In the last film, Andre and Cal gather in their car just before the attack. This is too real and really creates a sense of impending doom. We know that we know Cal and Andre, and we realize that they will do it, with some kind of morbid fascination, which we also like in catharsis films. <br /> <br /> The CCTV massacre is sometimes shocking, and although it was certainly an excellent choice to present a massacre, if we went to it, it is not without flaws. The most dramatic is the sudden radical change in the perception of Cal and Andre, suddenly looking at them in that person that they are heartless assassins that we knew would refuse to acknowledge. This is violent and real, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their fantasies is a terrible tragedy that costs them everything. <br /> <br /> The last scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves, burning crosses erected for Andre and inch with disgust that they were commemorated. Knowing Andre and Cala, we can only feel the sadness that they have actually gone forever and that they certainly did not win anything. <br /> <br /> A zero day is a must for anyone who is interested in these violent acts. the media. It is worth studying the character.
