As always, controversial films like this one have mixed reviews. Either you love it or you hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers, which I personally think is important to consider. You can hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel like you can relate, but regardless of this movie, you'll make you think about school shooters from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The movie is shot entirely using a handheld camera, something that I think works pretty well because it makes it more realistic. This is spoken of completely from the point of view of the killers, from their "mission" to family trips, all leading to the big day "Zero Day" in which they plan a massacre in their school. Zero Day does not offer an answer, but only presents a look at the lives of two young boys and allows the audience to decide for themselves. Our feelings about boys are something mixed up with sympathy and hatred, but we're still confused why two ordinary young boys would do something like that. It turns out that they are surprisingly normal, typical teenage boys leading ordinary lives, and if we did not know what they planned, we would not expect anything (in the whole film they explain that no one else knows about their plan) <br /> <br /> Acting is extremely good, considering that the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope that in the future we will see more work from both of them. Despite the fact that it is a feature film, you can not miss the obvious similarities to Columbine. Calvin and Andre are frighteningly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in appearance as in the way). As someone who studied Columbine very widely, I could see the similarities and almost certainly based on this basis. <br /> <br /> The actual massacre is shown by monitoring cameras at school and is one of the most chilling things I've ever seen. I was completely shocked after seeing him and his feeling lasted for some time. It is very realistic and well done, and watching is very difficult. <br /> <br /> In total, Zero Day is a great movie and I think everyone should at least check it out. In the past, we've always just called killers "psychopaths" and we assumed that they were either biologically connected in the event of a disaster or had an impact on the media, but as Day Zero shows, the motives are deeper and we can never really understand why such tragedies when school shootings happen until we see them from the perspective of the killers.
