The Unborn tells the story of Virginia marriages (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying to get pregnant for five years. Virginia has two miscarriages since then and desperately wants to have a baby. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after some of their friends recommend him, Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them have a baby. Dr. Meyerling works in Virginia and it was soon confirmed that the operation was successful and Virginia is pregnant. In the beginning everything seems perfect, and Marshall can not be happier, but their perfect life does not last long, because Virginia's pregnancy develops with problems, it becomes moody and behaves completely without character and receives a disturbing phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron), another woman who passed the procedure of Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling actually uses her patients for her own sinister purposes and is actually a disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia begins to wonder what's happening in it ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Rodman Flender. Actually, I thought that The Unborn is a decent horror / thriller (it's NOT a science fiction film as IMDb would you like He believed it was nice to surprise me. The script written by Henry Dominica tries to be different and at least it must be a merit. The Unborn is a psychological horror rather than cheap horror and bad special effects, it has a pretty clever story that works and plays on basic human fears. He moves at a fair pace, although it is not exactly a movie full of action. The climax was good and seemed an appropriate way to round off and warnings about manipulating genetics seem even more important today than it was then, maybe Flender knew something that the rest of us did not have. On the other hand, there is a lack of some consumables and is deeply rooted in a film driven by dialogue, focusing mainly on one person, so sometimes it can be a bit boring. I must also mention what Erath meant by this smiling black dwarf about eh ?! <br /> <br /> The director Flender does a good job, The Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting movie ever made, but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a lot of tension, like what Virginia has inside, and Dr. Meyerling's sinister plans are not fully disclosed until the last moment. Disappointingly, blood and gore are almost non-existent, which in a way allows the film to go into the background, because in retrospect, nothing really falls into the memory. br /> <br /> Technically the film is fine, I imagine that The Unborn has a fairly low budget, but it is well done, even if it is a bit bland and forgotten. A child is actually a decent special effect and a fairly realistic face movement. Acting is good and it was one of the first actors assignments assigned to Friends (1994 - 2004) star Lisa Kudrow, I have to be honest I do not like Friends and I do not even know who she was, so I can not tell you how she did it. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be more known and seen, is much better than a lot of low budget shit, that shelves with video stores. If you're a fan of horror movies and are looking for something a bit different, a bit more intelligent and provocative than usual, I think you can do a lot worse than The Unborn. Then the stunned sequel to The Unborn II (1994), which I watched right after that, check my review if you want ...
