There are two different ways to enjoy this snappily written, innovative television program ("godfather" to X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monster (fearing me when I was a kid!) or as well written / played gumshoe / film-noir. Works on both levels. Horror could have been diluted over the years (it was done in the mid-1970s), but I was pleasantly surprised to discover the program (on DVD) that I really enjoy MORE now for the latter reasons. The late Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, persevering, crumpled journalist / monster hunter who in the pursuit of history always finds a supernatural angle; to the great stresses and discouragement of Kolchak's boss, Tony Vincenzo (played with the great boredom of the world by the late, great Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his ulcerous ulcer!). The game between these characters is crackling and witty (like Spock and McCoy STAR TREK, only more acidic!). During the two pilot television films and the seasonal series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, governmental conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the entire 9-year run of X files! In ONE season!). And Kolczak did it first! And when it comes to the cool, partly whistled, the main music of composer Gil Melle ... well, the creator of X-Files, Chris Carter, calls (very similar) the main title theme of Mike Snow's X-Files "tribute". Both topics work well; Leave it in this. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most KOLCHAK monsters are shown in shadow, in quick cuts (effectively and sometimes with gratitude, some of them can not withstand modern analysis, some still DO). Modern horrors take into account: Less IS more! One of the few drawbacks of the series (and it is small) is the excessive use of sunny, California premises passing into the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; unavoidable in the case of a modest budget based on the performance. And some of the background characters seem to fall into what (currently) is perceived as stereotypes (effeminate reporter, Ron Updike, always used for comic relief, sweet, old lady / columnist Emily). But everybody has their moments to shine (like many secondary television heroes, trivial or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless program that serves as a template for many that followed later. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest heroes ever written for a horror movie program (REAL dad of Mulder's agent). In the footnote, I tried to watch several episodes of the new "re-imagining" of the series. Is the clone of X-Files (copy of copy?). And that's bad. Carl Kolchak is now a pretty model, angry 30-man (played by boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully type partner is also a bad idea; undermines Kolchak as the lonely crusader Don Quixote! A Kolczak and Vincenzo GET YOURSELF? Where is the tension? Game? The fact that they decided to hang the name KOLCHAK on this ejected piece is the best example of how NOT to remake: take a beloved cult series, scrape everything that is unique in it, dry it with all its character and color (but keep the name You need this cult of worship!) And voilà! Immediate reuse! He gets "F" in "Re-Imaginings 101"! This new version has FINDED the ax! Stick to a short-lived but classic original. It's getting better with age.
