WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not entirely - read on). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become totally addicted to this crafty gem that I will not have room to replace them all. The former open a fun scene with kitschy cadres from the late 1950s; the charming motif of Peres 'Prez' Prado Mambo, which seems to be strangely unclassified (but his murmurs are unmistakable and no one else has done them); and with famous cast names, including Kathy Najimi throughout the year, before playing with Sister Acts 1 and 2 and Teri Hatcher with Superman TV. <br /> <br /> Each scene is filled with shallow injustices cast on various actors, actresses and producers on day television. Looking after the careers of these people is just an excuse for an old-fashioned, delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this noisy parody, which plays like the MAD Magazine number, but feels like a present for us in the audience. Some of the dressed characters are a bit depressed, but everyone is jealous, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), who is an award-winning host show known as America's Sweetheart. The opening of daily prizes Emmies introduces us to the Celeste show, The Sun Also Sets. Against all vain fears on the contrary, Celeste wins again. She is happy because it is always "such a real thrill": "Adam, have you watched? I won! Well, nguh ... "The reason for Adam's absence is soon becoming the rationale for the entire story and we are immediately embarking on a journey with Celeste's neuroses. She cries, squeaks and wraps her hands throughout the rest of the movie, while her dresser Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, constantly wading through Celeste, invisible through the fog of Celeste paranoia) captures the taste of Tammy Faye Baker, for whom Tawnee was actually specially employed. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen this before. She is the author of the series, and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks for themselves for 15 years. So when Celeste goes mad, Rosie proposes to write her for six months: "We'll just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama had moved to LA." "In that case, some other lama, Fernando Lamas, come on!" Such a marrowing line must be rather an insult to the still-living beef actor Lorenzo Lamasa, the son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (died 1982). <br /> <br /> Those who remember the economics teacher (Ben Stein) on Ferris Bueller's Off Day (1986), when he deadly calls the roll ("Bueller, Bueller"), will take the secret pleasure of seeing him again as moron. Another well-hidden cast member is Garry Marshall (in the real life of Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother) who "gets $ 1.2 million to make decisions" in The Sun Also Sets - he says he likes "verve and cheap"; and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is a "bitch". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is "delicious with a teaspoon" (and he is, by the way) dinner theater. Aktor was saved from his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr.) and brought back to the same series that has been preserved for 20 years. Of course, this is some logical challenge for current screenwriters, because his character, Rod Randall, was to be beheaded all these years ago. Somehow they create logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson leaves from choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste can only get worse now, and her trick of crossing the bridge in Washington is no longer helping. First of all, her hands are shaking when she tries to put on mascara, but soon it turns into a persecutor. Unfortunately, he can not get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily. It was promised that Geoffrey would develop his one-man play about Hamlet, and he wants to keep the producer on this promise. "I will not go back to Florida," says Geoffrey. "You're trying to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old roasters eating roast!" And indeed, seeing Geoffrey's lifestyle at dinner among all the hockings and accidents is fun. Returning to Florida in his thick Willie Loman's suit in his room, Geoffrey Anderson used to tease that he was called to the stage as 'Mr Loman'. He was forced to swing shoes with cockroach shoes crawling on his TV and use pliers instead of a damaged analogue changer. He now found himself a delicious surgeon meeting Laurie Craven, the new ingenue of the series; so it does not go away. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) sums up the amazing cast of the band, who performs the fantastic work of those who know stereotypes too well. But of course, the path to true love has never been smooth. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) is waiting impatiently for her star to rise, and she desperately wants publicity. <br /> <br /> Will her story ultimately go away? Will Celeste calm her nerves, or will he kill Tawnee first? Will the producer get Mr. Fuzzy? -You only have to watch * the other half * of this completely nice, farish malicious riot. <br /> <br /> And you really have to believe how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his poems without a live sunglasses from TelePrompter. If you do not have stitches with your stomach raised with laughter and tears running down your face, feel free to demand a refund for the video loan. Soapdish (1991) is an undeniable jewel that you will have to watch many times, because often a movie can deliver so much with so many funny lines. It's a very good humor, almost everything in written form. Draw with Blazing Saddles (1974) for the noisy value of apoplexy, though different. Watch and cry. A happy source of video addiction. 10 out of 10.
