A few years ago I bought (and liked) a double DVD with MGM movies with two films: Kolchak TV, THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the universal set of next TV series came out, I was going to buy it immediately - but rumors about problems with playing the terrifying DVD-18s prevented me from adding it to my collection; I recently placed an online order, which consisted of many discounts for Universal Box sets and I decided to pick up the 3-Disc KOLCHAK. <br /> <br /> After watching it now, I can safely say that it is not. I do not regret winning this beloved (though short-lived) series of detective stories / horrors: it can be in line with a standard formula - stubborn and resourceful journalist Carl Kolchak, wonderfully played by Darren McGavin, falls into the hair of everyone with his attitude (enraged editor Simon Oakland, has long been suffering friends, various authoritarian figures, lots of monsters and villains, faces the unavoidable (and usually supernatural) threat, but eventually he is forced to hide his story - but victorious (further enhanced by an impressive set of hospitable stars and significant points behind the scenes), which that the show is great fun. <br /> <br /> It means that the quality varies depending on the episode and the modesty given to them by the budgets cause that the makeup effects and sometimes leave much to be desired (for example werewolf in the title entry and the silly creature of the alligator in the last part) - not in bearing in mind that they were limited to 50-minute programs and intended for family consumption, it does not exclude simplified and healthy rendering of often intriguing psychological and metaphysical topics (in the case of a werewolf, he never saw anyone again, but a bit stupid, he just throws people)! <br /> <br /> While the hero's cynical narrative does a lot to get him involved in fancy threads, each episode contains a healthy dose of comedic relief (often, but not exclusively, related to McGavin's relationship with Oakland or a scientific Jack Grinnage reporter) - not to mention the reasonable atmosphere (setting, mostly, Chicago) and uncertainty. To make the ride even more enjoyable, it is the vigorous result of Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> For the record, the monsters encountered (but not always defeated) by Kolchak in the whole series are: animated Jack The Ripper, various cults (voodoo, Native Americans, Aztecs), aliens, vampire, werewolf (celebrating their too familiar concept, having this particular episode entirely on the liner!), double, satanist, swamp creature, mass of electricity, robot, monkey, witch, headless motorcyclist, succubus, knight's armor, which itself has a deadly life (episode with probably the best cast - with John Dehner as a grim police captain, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen of Troy (!) and a crocodile. Some actors (apart from those who play Kolczak's collaborators) return in the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as law officers), John Fiedler (as a clever morgue) and Richard Kiel as two separate hero nemeses. If I was forced to choose the best (or the most entertaining) episodes, I would lean towards HORROR IN THE HEIGHTS (with Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and THE KNIGHTLY MURDERS mentioned before - while, as the weakest, let's follow THE WEREWOLF (with reasons that I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story invented by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately the set does not include any additions: it would be nice to see a movie describing numerous concepts in KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER, and also presenting the series in the context of the place where the television was at the time of its original broadcasting, or even marking the sustained impact she had on the seemingly endless series of the popular science-fiction series today. In fact Kolczak himself - in a much younger and seemingly darker form - returned in 2005; this version is available at my local DVD rental ... but for various reasons I am not sure if I would like to check it out so quickly after the classic 1974-5!
