I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER, since I saw him on the day of the premiere on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that seemed horrible at the time and the cool music of Gil Melle (hey, where are the guys?) And they have often thought about what makes this program work so completely for me and finally came to a conclusion that the reason why it lasts when many others are not is one simple, important element that seems to have almost no other terrifying program, and this is the main character that most people can relate to on a daily basis. When Carl Kolchak Darren McGavina begins to discover strange situations, he reacts like most people. He considers them strange, and when he approaches danger, he is terrified, even if he knows that he must go forward to try to overcome the threat that is presented in this episode. It rarely happens that he is brave enough to oppose some higher supernatural power. He usually sets a trap and hides or waits on the wings to see if it works. Sometimes he seems surprised that he managed to defeat the enemy just like us. In one episode, you can find a monster in the channel, but when he sees it, he runs to get out, but he is so trapped that he has to come back and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do things that most of us probably would not do, but that does not mean he would probably prefer someone else to do it instead of him. He is an ordinary guy, doing work, trying to earn, not a monster hunter. He is simply absorbed in things related to the supernatural that he is interested in, but he no longer wants to be wounded or killed any more than any of us. If his plan to defeat the creature does not work, you'll often see him running away to run away from him, which I will of course do in this situation. That's why I often watched the culmination of shows through my fingers as a child. Kolczak was sympathetic and cared about something wrong with him. You were afraid for him and for other characters. Producers and writers apparently knew that everyone could create a monstrous suit, scary music and direct a tense scene, but all in vain if you do not care about characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the show lasted only in the season was that he got tired of showing the "monster of the week" and decided not to continue. I can say that I mourned when the performance was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult I can see why she could not continue this formula for a very long time. I still love 20 episodes and two movies in which McGavin appeared as an inept, determined and astute, but kind reporter for INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt if anyone who creates programs or movies really understands why I loved this program. These are not monsters, darkly lit sets, scary music or unwise guest stars, although they are indispensable ingredients. The secret of his success is in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without sympathetic, clumsy Carl Kolchak from McGavin, to root out and take care of him, he is not the Night Stalker.
