The rarer film of Bill Crain's "slass" is certainly not compatible with the standard guidelines for stems and slashes that have become so important for its counterparts. This time the bogeyman uses grenades and small arms as well as an amazing set of white weapons; - a sin that is practically unacceptable in most post-Halloween songs. But he still has enough knowledge to stop the slasher lovers from checking the book of rules, and the story never goes too far from the path you expected. Just as the surprisingly decent 555 Wally Kozin seemed to be connected with the help of various members of his family, Mirage seems to be a joint production on the part of the director's relatives. Looking through the credits I noticed numerous "Crains" listed in key positions during the construction of the function. But despite fairly good distribution around the world, the film did not impress on both sides of the Atlantic, and now it has become almost a phantom of the VHS market. Nevertheless, it made me talk even more, so I forced my resources to track the copy? <br /> <br /> Everything takes place in the middle of the dessert, which, as you will definitely agree, is not the most exciting location. Nevertheless, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance for the unexpected appearance of the prying laws of John Q. The four undeniably beautiful young men set off into the night sand of debauchery and play, which always seem to murder geeks in the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet with a hippie hippie Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) on a shifter camp amid the desert dunes. Greg's older brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his nice girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert), soon join the candidates for counting bodies in search of an early grave. Kyle used to meet Chris before his little brother let him steal his crush? something that Kyle does not seem too eager to forget. Sounds like a massacre motif? What were you expecting? Soon, an invisible person driving a truck with darkened windows joins the assembly with a unique set of tricks in the sleeve. Will any of the children survive to perform in the sequel? <br /> <br /> I had a problem with tracking any information about this function. I do not even know if the director Bill Crain is known as William Crain ?? a man standing among others for Midnight Fear and Blacula. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official filmography, so your assumptions are as good as mine. Judging from the reliable work behind the camera, I must say that it is hard for me to believe that this is the debut of a man without previous film experience. The film is stylishly photographed with extraordinary work from Michael Crain, and the director can boast of a credible talent for building tension when it is necessary. Gore FX R. Christopher Biggs are created with imagination and macabre, and fame for the sleeping boss BBFC, who inexplicably passed it through UNCUT on the usually harsh assessment. A few murders are really very macabre. One guy is buried on the neck in the sand, then faces a grenade, while the other ends literally without legs after losing the battle with the chain and the truck! There is also black humor, which is certainly unintentional. We spend most of our functions seeing only the killer's shoes that come out of her vehicle and follow the youth. But when it turns out that he comically reminds Keanu Reeves of Bill and Ted Bogus Journey, I did not know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things awful, and the lining is particularly exciting when psycho mocks Chris sadly. <br /> <br /> There are several surprisingly good results on the show from an extremely inexperienced cast. Divine Jennifer McAllister performs a great job as a heroine and B.G. Steers presents his rock dementia with finesse. Director Casting wisely chose one of the most beautiful females that have ever been murdered in the Slasher cinema and it does not come with gratitude at the expense of thespian potential. The soundtrack works well to build an empty atmosphere of isolation that the director carefully treats and which should be signed and nurtured by Hollywood chicks. Watch out for the wonderful sequence of nightmares, which is really a horror movie in its strangest places. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry into the cycle, which was somewhat unfortunate when he missed the boom year among the elite. When you think it was done with only a seven and a truck, you must say that they did a damn good job. The disadvantages are numerous, but they never undermine the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you probably have a better chance of finding liquid gold in your coffee mug than you ever trace a copy of. If you see this dust-covered local video store, make sure you pick it up. Recommended.
