It must be, from a distance, hats off, one of the noisiest comedies ever made. Starting with animated blowing, shooting bubbles, entering the Daytime Awards, the usual fake drifting thrown by the stars on the red carpet, the test and badly played acceptance speech, the venomous comments uttered by jealous co-creator and actor producer, under false smiles. Now it's only in the first few minutes. Then hell broke loose and it gets crazy and funny. Funny in a good way, no, do it great. For the first time, I've always seen the charming Teri Hatcher. Although I am not a supporter of Desperate Housewives, she is always observable - the same is true for Lois & Clark. I'm not a big supporter, but if I come across an episode, I'll watch it. Robert Downey, jr., He makes a great turn out as a slimy, smarmy, snaky, flattering David Seaton Barnes, a producer who would give the right eye to see Celeste Talbert from Sally Field if he finally gets it from Montana Moorehead Cathy Moriarty. <br /> <br /> Moriarty is absolutely shiny in this movie, just like everywhere it appeared. Here, all he has to do is yell, "I hate you, I hate you!" Or give one of my Celeste opponents a bad smile, and she knocks me down in the aisles. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very talented actress and hell comedian. Sally Field is grateful for moving away from ordinary films about the tragedy of 70MM week and we are all reminded of why he is who he is today, starting with a comedy that is afraid of nothing. Her subsequent years of drama hid her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, a genius comedian bloomed and she was happy to see her as funny as she was. The thing about actors and dramatic actresses is that you see in such heavy, serious roles that you associate them with your character and you can not believe it when you see that they are finally playing on the screen. <br /> <br /> How happy were the producers who landed Carrie Fisher, even on a glorious episode. He does not realize the presence on the screen. She plays a role that could easily be forgotten in the hands of a lesser actress, but she owns the character and looks like she wrote it herself. <br /> <br /> How happy was Elisabeth Shue thrown in the middle of it all! At the time, she was not very known. Adventures in taking care of the children were quite charming (yes, I was dragged into the evening show, for which I had to pay the full price), but did not pay attention to me - a lot. But here, he fully uses his character - the niece of the star who falls in love with the former star and lover of the star, who, of course, turns out to be the father of his niece, and the star turns out to be the mother of a poor girl. <br /> <br /> I will stop there - I feel that I have practically written a book about this brilliant co-comedy, or at least a novella. If you saw him, remember. If you did not do it, you missed a real classic, but not quite. DVDs are made of material that will last for at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so what the hell.
