Some of the best films that are classified as "comedies" actually blur between comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", which were also created in the late 1960s, are excellent examples. Are these comedies with dramatic tones or dramas with great humor? In many ways, "The Odd Couple" belongs to the same category of being both comedic and highly dramatic, with deep foundations of human nature. Much of what is happening can be fun for the audience, but the characters do not laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather light television series from the 70s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just about a tidy guy and a messy guy who is forced to live together because of his marital situation. In fact, it is about two opposites that must face up to why their marriages have disintegrated and how their harmful eccentricities are revealed outside of their marriage. The neatness, characteristic of Felix Ungar (perfectly planted Jack Lemon) and the mess, characterization of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), is just the beginning and a bit superficial. As history unfolds, it turns out that for these men there is much more than just neatness and messiness. <br /> <br /> In short, the story really concerns Felix Ungar, who has to face the approaching divorce with his wife Franciszek, whom we will never meet, but is an important figure in all of history. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment, where every now and then a group of poker players meets. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what is happening to him and tries, in their inept way, to help. Madison believes that the best way to help Ungar is to let him enter him, until his suicidal tendencies go away. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison he does not know what he is getting into. Madison is a carefree happy, or rather irresponsible insult, whose refrigerator was recently cleaned, probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grab moldy cheese and stick them between two pieces of bread and then throw the contents of the bag of crisps onto the table. On the other hand, he likes alcohol and women, in short having fun. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not only completely different, it is diametrically opposed. It is not only obsessive care, which makes the apartment more enjoyable disinfection than with women, but knows more than most women about cooking and good food. At some point, he calls his ex-wife not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her roast recipe. At another moment, Ungar intended to spend the rest of the evening cabbage cut on a white cabbage salad. When Madison seems not to be impressed, Ungar finally confesses that he did it only for his roommate, because he can not stand cole slaw. Who is this guy? But he has one more interesting feature: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He obsessively listens to his health to the extent that he makes strange noises in public places, claiming that he helps his sinuses. It seems that he has every state of health in the book. And if they made up for more, Felix probably had them. Ultimately, he is overly absorbed in himself. <br /> <br /> Running after the movie is a reference to marriage. At some point, when Madison tries to convince Ungar to move in, he says, "What do you want, wedding ring?" But he does not know that it's not the tidy guy who can deal with this messy guy, but vice versa. Their friendship becomes an unintentional hellish relationship. And the culmination is when Oscar invites two lonely British sisters to a meeting with comedy and tragic effects. This is one of the best comedies of this type ever written and not to be missed, with excellent performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better played by anyone else. It is a pity that writing this caliber, unfortunately, most of the comedies currently produced are missing.
