In the opening of The Odd Couple there is more to offer than in most films. Felix Unger (the monogram of a poor guy even curses him) checks at a New York hotel. The cleaner says "Goodnight." "Goodbye" replies. In his room he empties his pockets, and then he tries to remove the wedding ring only to neatly put the objects in the envelope, addressed to his wife and beloved children. When will the viewer finally connect him? Oh, will he come down? we observe how he fights to open the window? oh no, he will be jumping ?? The poor guy is hurting the lower back. That's all you need to know about Felix Ungerze ?? his wife left him, he is a compulsive cleaner and is a hypochondriac. And everything in one scene. This is the special genius of Neil Simon's comedy? it's about the situation and character. Are there some obvious physical jokes? no kicks in the groin, no cheap gags? just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And of course he is a master in manipulating the expectations of the audience. Coming from the Swingers era, imagine what I was thinking about in the dating scene when Felix begins to grieve over the breakup of a girl's marriage, which his roommate Oscar worked so hard to get into his apartment. He is blowing, right? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity, the ability to cry in front of them. They invite him back to the place, because his roast was burned because Oscar did not pay enough attention to it. He is like Flynn, right? Yes, but I do not want to go with the girls because I feel vulnerable. A great thing. It's even bigger thanks to the style that minimizes assembly and maximizes a great set of eight rooms. You have Chrissakes Jack Lemmon and the skinny Walter Matthau, why do you spoil it? The visual style reminded me of the breakfast at Tiffany's, in this great effect there is a large depth of field and the interaction of different planes of action. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, escaping from Oscar, closes the partition only to realize that the partition does not cover the side where Oscar comes from. You get a real picture of the layout of the flat, and thus the closeness in which live two divorces. The point is, these two are really married? to each other. So observations about marital life that can be ignored in the ordinary romantic comedy are all the more moving that they are two guys.
