I do not think I ever gave Walter Matthau his role as a comedian. He was certainly great in many carefree roles, but I think I'm always successful in his grouchiness and ruthlessness, rough contrast with the extravagant personality of his frequent companion Jack Lemmon and, I think, the natural extension of his earlier work on dramatic shots. Watching Gene Saks 'The Odd Couple (1968),' adapted from the popular game of Neil Simon, has suddenly come true: Matthau is, in his own way, absolutely funny! Initially striking the audience as filthy, harsh and generally unattractive, his Oscar Madison finally manages to break into our hearts, culminating in a comically filled emotion confession that Matthau grumbled in a voice not entirely his own. At the same time, holding a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is obviously perfect; in fact, the movie rightly belongs to both actors who have never failed on the cinema screen alone, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Recalling the scenario of Billy Wilder "Flat (1960)", this comedy by Neil Simon concentrates on a rather morbid premise. Compulsive house cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), who has just been evicted by his wife for twelve years, attempts to commit suicide, but fails fruitlessly after destroying his back, trying to open the hotel window. Depressed arrives at the home of Oscar's good friend (Matthau), a divorced person who lives alone on a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain either very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar politely offers Felix a place to stay, but soon he is overwhelmed by his friend's fussy personality and constant emphasis on absolute purity. The couple creates an unusual kind of marital system, and Felix assumes the role of an effeminate and constantly tormenting wife, and Oscar as a careless, unappreciated husband who always comes home later than he should. This marriage, which barely lasts three weeks, and at the end we can completely sympathize with the ex-wife of Felix, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> "A strange couple" is a great comedy, mainly because it has a lot of heart. Despite all the quarrel, it is obvious that both roommates have a lot of sympathy, which is the most moving when Felix tries to introduce a furious tirade, instead? perhaps unintentionally? ending telling Oscar about how "blows" him. Four poker buddies (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner, and Larry Haines) are also constantly teasing each other about some vague irritation, but it can not be denied that they have the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him could theoretically sound good, but perhaps ignoring it was not quite the right solution for Felix's grim feelings and his irrelevance. Unlike some comedies based on popular stage plays {recently I was disappointed with The Seven Year Itch Wilder (1955)}, this movie simply does not hit the same chord, and the relationship between the two tracks is gradually developed, through tears, laughter and many misunderstandings.
