I received this film from my cousin from Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American using a copied movie. Comparing this film (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (Fight for heavy water) throws the saboteurs themselves, playing their roles, although the actors were also cast as saboteurs who have given their lives to Norway for freedom in subsequent campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian together with French, German and English (along with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive in this story was what led to the fight. French scientists were interested in acquiring about two hundred kilos of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to take her back to France to conduct laboratory tests on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in obtaining heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French feared that the Nazis could take the early advantage of attacking Norway, and thanks to secret codes their man carefully escaped Nazi spies during his trip to Oslo, where he received heavy water and regained it without any problems. When he got on the plane, two spies watched him, but they did not see him jump to the other side, where he crossed the asphalt to another plane nearby, where his load was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the plane as a bait, which the Nazis later forced in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway in the morning of 9 April 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro and it was up to the Norwegian underground and British intelligence in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered for the service of eleven young Norwegians; "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups, which successfully sabotage the production of heavy water in Vemork. This was shown in detail in how they actually performed the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro to carry heavy water to the wagons to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the film was fair, although there were many tangles in the film. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
