It sounds awkward to call a movie about war and shocking the holocaust, because many of us will know too well the horrors of war and violence. Using the adjective "shocking" I do not intend to suggest that I am surprised by what has been said in this film or that I did not know it before, I'm just so impressed with the way the movie shows how crazy and incomprehensible is that we're killing each other, with or without a "reason". <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's success in the Hungarian resistance movement. Maruschka Detmers would never win an Oscar for this performance due to inconsistent directing, but her acting is solid enough and has a lot of charisma. She is very well manned as Hanna and immediately has our compassion. Her very beautiful appearance of course helps, but it has nothing to do with the fact that she is just a good actress, playing a good role. <br /> <br /> There are still some inconsistencies in Hanna's war. Sometimes the director of the idea Menahem Golan (often despised for The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a hurry and should have allowed a few more shots on stage. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he made this impressive and provocative movie, and because I'm very positive about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the movie is the most interesting and tragic one. Focuses on Hannah's suffering (beware of the frightening portrait of Donald Pleasence, the cruel and sardonic captain of Rosza) and intensely shows the injustice and horror that accompanies hatred, violence and war. I am getting Hannah's war, especially the second half, as a powerful anti-war film, and for this only Golan deserves recognition. It is also the second half that reveals the talent of Maruschka Detmer, creating a character that goes into the story of the film as one of the most appealing, strong and tragic ever presented. It is also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose look and style always remind me of Romy Schneider, who - lived and manned - could contribute in a similar way to Hanna's war. <br /> <br /> the tragic influence of the other half and the desperate tension that sometimes replaces hope and good news, lead to many end scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and it left me in tears. And when I realized once again that this is not even fiction, it all happened really. I found myself in even more tears. The image of Hanna presented by Maruschka Detmers will be in my head forever.
