A rebellious farce set in the world of great soap operas during the day! This movie is funny! Admittedly, one should enjoy movies with shouting, hysterical dialogue, top-down acting and melodramatic twists. But if you do, you're in one hell. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the daytime television "Queen of Misery". The cozy life of Celeste is put into anxiety because of the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost niece, while Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - wonderful as always), the former Celeste lover. But Celeste hides a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey can simply bring him to the surface. Add diabolical Montana Moorehead (wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in a full "wonderful woman with testosterone for backup") who is trying hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), a soap maker who secretly plots a conspiracy with Montana to ruin Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), scriptwriter and Celeste is the only true confidant, and you are in the midst of great help for subtle threads and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this are difficult to make (does anyone remember "Mixed Nuts"?), but when it's well made it can be damn funny! The main ingredient necessary for any good comedy is the cast of experienced professionals who know that many of the funniest things are not mentioned, but seen in a word or look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest of them work so well and apparently have a great time, it's hard not to get carried away by their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is undoubtedly the weakest link here, but he draws attention only to himself because he is surrounded by Field, Kline and others. Moriarty is outstanding in the effective role of rage, making you think of the hottest dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many well-known faces that you will recognize in small (but still very funny) roles such as Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman maintains the pace at a rapid pace, and the histrionic story is approaching the grand finale. We should also mention the scenario of Robert Harling, carefully constructed to stage a soap opera in the telenovela. Dialog is full of great lines, well done by actors (I would like to bet that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a few professionals doing what they do best and having a great time doing it, they get their hands. If not for anything else, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
