Someone will once write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Fury of the Wolfman" to the great Spanish surrealist films "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". Naschy film is a masterpiece of delirium from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it, and ate their hearts, seeing that someone was doing it with such obvious ease that they had to strain to retreat. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a coherent structure, although it has a story that moves from point A to point B to point C. Some mishmash about "professor Walterman" - his name, remember - who was bitten by the monster Yeti during the expedition to Tibet and was not the same since then, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the mad daughter of the well-known doctor Wolfstein, knows his condition and reveals that his wife is cheating on him. But his configuration for a crazy science experiment to free his inner beast. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" turns back, turns into a werewolf, kills a few people, is electrocuted, dies, he is buried, buried, taken to a castle filled with circus freaks, connected to various machines, killed with various electronic effects, injected with powerful potions, he is chained, turns into a werewolf, a woman in an evening dress with high boots of Nazi fetish whipping him, he escapes, helps a cute doctor to find a way out of the castle, repels circus freaks with a battle ax, eventually turns into a werewolf and has to fight to death with the incarnation of a werewolf female of her cheating wife. The lady with the Nazi shoes shoots him with silver bullets from Luger's gun, they die together, and the pretty doctor leaves for the morning with a reporter who did nothing. "Look! What a beautiful day! "<br /> <br />" La furia del Hombre Lobo "Paul Nascha wrote in a hurry. The original director Enrique Eguilez was released and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk who was infamously dazed during production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the script), and Naschy finished by directing most of the unclassified film. Zabalza took off enough to shoot a few action scenes from one of Naschy's previous films, "Mark of the Wolfman". Scenes were fortunately good enough to use them twice, even if the costumes were different, and helped to equalize the time after which Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. Post-production was a nightmare. No one knew who was editing, the money was over, the main print disappeared for a while, and then during the pre-release screening the film distributor came to the management to find Zabalza urinating in the gutter in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find a toilet, but at least he got to the curb. <br /> <br /> And yet the movie works if you let it. This fits in atavistic memories of dark castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, grim moors. Fans of this kind of thing consider this to be hypnotic, even if history as a whole does not make much sense due to the broken melt of the execution. In one of the scenes, rain is falling and the werewolf screams at the lightning; in the next she fired the bone and howled during the full moon. Then it rains again. And yet you do not look at it as a blunder. It is like a developing dream in which contradictions are possible, the opposites are the same and the effects are progressing; First, the wolfman picks up the power cord and shouts, and then the cable begins to spark with electricity. People say that its low budget is detrimental to overall effectiveness - I say that the film would be unobtainable if they had more money to spend. It is a miracle to create something out of nothing and it does not succeed because of what it could have, but because of what it does. It is easy to laugh at such things and even easier to reject them. The trick is that you can see chaos, or rather recognize chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy died last week at the age of 75. He was suffering from pancreatic cancer. a year or more, he worked on film projects until the last days, but he died in Madrid, Spain with his family during chemotherapy. His rich, diverse and surprisingly long career is the legacy of a man who stubbornly pursues his artistic vision in the face of the general lack of interest on the part of the mainstream. And yet in each of us is an eleven-year-old kid who will watch his films like "Fury of the Wolfman" in awe. Even people who do not like Euro Horror will discover something in this film to admire, if only for a minute in a few places. You can find it for free at Archive.Org or even buy it on DVD for nickel. It's far away, much more. <br /> <br /> Fun, Naschy was scared when he learned that many others like me think of this crazy, sick, mad movie as a classic, if not a masterpiece of cinema dementia. The problems he encountered during the production and the mess of the film, which was left behind, were probably too personal artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I would never imagine that I would dare forgive him, but let me say this: I'd rather watch "Fury of the Wolfman" in my most filthy, cutest, and degraded full-screen print in the public domain than ever sit by overbearing, disgusting shit waking up at Cineplexes Swine Flu on this or another weekend. <br /> <br /> The world lost a great artist this month. Watch his movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
