This film absorbs many mistakes, but is usually based on a horrible and covered / edited version of the movie that was played on American television and was released to death in VHS and DVD companies such as Alpha, Unicorn etc. The film never had a cinematic premiere in the states although it was picked up by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain, when nudity was involved, the filmmakers made two versions, one with clothes and one without. The title of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS was completely uncut, and it seems that it was released in home movies only in Sweden in the 1980s. You can find it on eBay and the like and it is highly recommended. My guess is that Avco interrupted the movie to get an R score that never happened. In 1974, Avco was released to TV under the title FURY OF THE WOLFMAN, and the dressed version was used for this TV printout. A break 12 years later, and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears on the home movie on the card label. This version seems to be what Avco intends to publish in '73. This is an uncovered version, with some nudity that will never go to TV or PG. There are several scenes on the Charter tape in which nudity is dressed in a TV print (the source of all editions in dollars Duda and VHS). But the comparison to completely uncut WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals that 2 scenes have been cut out in this version! (spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona has Waldermar chained to the wall and whipping him after he turns into a werewolf is incomplete. After throwing him into submission, he starts to take off his clothes and begins to love with a werewolf !!! Werewolf also responds positively to these sexual madness. This scene certainly belongs to the most unusual in the history of horror movies and is a delirious treat. This is not a graphic, but the implied brutality was too large for the American public, and more likely for the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not possess him, hence her entire plan to control Walderman's wife and engage her in an affair. She wanted to destroy his marriage, and she achieves it when Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns a werewolf, but it does not slow him down. If he can not physically have him as a man, he loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. It also helps to explain the later scene in which the werewolf lays down with a woman she sees naked before going to sleep, peering through the window. This scene is presented without nudity in the coated version and really does not make sense. In the extraordinary version, it seems that Ilona's feelings caused the werewolf to be horny and needed a release, so he raped the first woman she could after escaping. The second cut is a complete Waldemar scene in a bed with Karen and is seen naked. A very similar scene from the bedroom was cut from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). However, the film has some problems. The director was drunk, bad position on the werewolf's point, horrible English dubbing, inclusion of the sequence from the first movie Waldemar MARK OF THE WOLFMAN aka FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR and grotesque abuse of the score of the movie all the time etc., But seen in the original panoramic format and not cut (e.g. WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) is one of the wildest and most outrageous of the Daninsky werewolf series, with an unsurpassed storyline, except for the approach to the kitchen sink. A pan fanned out and covered with a scan of full-screen copies of this movie do not do any favors, and unfortunately it's a version that almost everyone commenting on the movie has seen. The film carries with it copyrights from 1970 and I will bet that the date of issue on IMDb in 1972 is incorrect. The film is preceded by WEREWOLF SHADOW (also known as WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) from the series and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN is directly connected with the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering specific evidence for this. Unfortunately, the full version of this can never get a decent release. The perfect edition will be an uncut English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dubbing seriously hurts the movie. However, each Spanish language version would reflect the version presented in Spain in the Franco era, where nudity was true.
