I saw it after the premiere and once again I watched it at the IFC. This is a great story about many possible stories about immigrant farm workers who came to Hawaii to work on sugar plantations in the early twentieth century. My grandparents were part of this migration; my parents were born on the Kohala (Big Island) plantation during the movie. I moved to Big Island over a year ago after over 30 years in California. I was surprised to see that many of the old lands of cultivated reed are still undeveloped, and wild reeds are still growing, years after the closure of the plantation. I have heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who grew up in a plantation. This movie helps to illustrate these stories and memories. This story is a historical document rather than a romantic feature film. It leaves me shaking my head to read a review like ccthemovieman's. Some just do not understand it. <br /> <br /> I did not remember that Youki Kudoh had a major role with which she did an amazing job. I remember her great performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film starring Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning." Tamlyn Tomita did a great job with her pidgin English, especially for someone who did not grow up in the UK. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune plays an episodic role as a narrator of a moving picture. I longed for the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unclassified, non-speaking part as one of the plantation employees during the payment. <br /> <br /> I was saddened when I learned that the director and co-author, Kayo Hatta, died in accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films that reflect this experience of sugar cane plantation: "Gaijin" about immigrant reed workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period; and "Sugar Cane Alley" about the experience of reed plantation in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not appear to be displayed for a long time. Another great film about the early experience of Asia in America, when immigrants were more like slaves, is "Thousand gold pieces". This was intended to involve Chinese workers in the construction of a railway line, including Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
