This is probably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo has done so far. A qualified television director, well trained in the story's story and directing his actors for long epics, which he tried to capture in this very low-budget film, the essence of a very special psychological situation in which Israelis live, despite the constant danger of terror attacks leading to "distorted" life. Each character trying to live his own life, observe and control the other, while being watched and controlled by other characters, and above all by constant pressure from the political and historical forces that are beyond his control. Some call this destiny, but destiny has a very concrete representation in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political saying in "Distortion." Characters never discuss politics, even at the level of "bastards"! when they hear that a new terrorist attack is taking place. Their reaction to the events is to locate the attack and count the victims using official and media terminology for the dead and wounded. They really do not live, but rather survive on borrowed time, enjoying the fact that they survived one bomb and wait for the next one. Personal, social, professional life seems to work somehow, but it is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character of the director is a playwright whose personal and creative crisis in the middle of his life is intensified by the pressure of events and the fact that he is fortunate to leave the scene of a terrorist attack a few minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend, who is an investigative reporter on television, which he suspects is subordinating to her next exhibition - another failed man, a former military man whose business and family life is falling apart under the influence of events. He begins to write a play that copies reality and moves it to the stage, in a theater on a film scene that resembles Hamlet, and also Synecdoche in New York. It is not that I would dare to suspect that Charlie Kaufman is looking over Bouzaglo shoulder, he certainly does not need it, but the Israeli director's screen is brilliant in predicting the later film (and the first one directed by Kaufman). Just like in America, film actors play real people and begin to enter into a melange meeting reality, meeting reality that is never devoid of logic, or at least not artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with ordinary talent, trusts them and allows them to experience situations freely instead of acting. His style is much more free here than in the TV series, and the effects of "distortion", though borrowed from American horror films, work quite well. The ending seemed a bit rhetorical and dramatically unsatisfactory, but the shadow of a suicide killer who persecutes the movie and the whole situation in the time loop will also follow the viewer when he remembers the movie later.
