I read the only available commentary on my film with great interest and I would like to say first of all that I understand the previous user who commented on the film very well: looking from Israel's perspective, I can imagine that this film touches very sensitive issues and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to the viewer, who is more or less directly interested in the events presented in this film. I would like to say that Distortion was shown at the Geneva Film Festival in November 2005 ("Cinéma tout écran" Festival), where it won the Audience Award ("Prix du public'in French"). What I was interested in, I liked in the work of Mr. Bouzaglo's "nervous apparatus", which in my opinion showed very well the atmosphere of extreme tension and anxiety in the film and I think that most viewers from Switzerland appreciated it in a movie. This perspective, however, may seem to the Israeli viewer completely "foreign", but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has NEVER been subject to any terrorist attack. No wonder that the audience in Geneva rated this film with a much more "detached" perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he gave him an interview in the Geneva newspaper (I translate from French): "After 50 years of life here and after all this violence, we may ask ourselves whether you can still remain normal. We can sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than live on. We are like characters from my film "on the edge". This is the reason why a private detective who is somehow a "voyeur" is the happiest character in a movie because he makes a living thanks to the system, he uses this situation. " the main thing that I and the Swiss audience, in my opinion, pointed out in this film, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies regarding the characters in the film, which the previous reviewer pointed out with great accuracy and humor. To sum up, another country = a different perspective, but I think it is somehow great, because it provides me with what influences the future of cinema, that is, it will never be subject to the "unique" formatted way of thinking.
