Distortion is a disturbing, haunted movie about life imitating art and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, the film's director, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically locked and powerless playwright who draws inspiration from suspicions about her friend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber, disguised as a yarmulke and American t-shirt, he wanders through the landscape in search of his goal and nerves, Haim transcribes his friend's life as he films his documentary and turns on the life of himself and his actors during rehearsals. But the bomber has already hit and Haim left the restaurant just a few minutes earlier. Despite the time and space manipulation, the story is crystal clear, versatile and engaging, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of Israel's everyday life, where politics are intertwined with personalities, where everyone lives "on the edge" and people never know if they are playing the main roles in their own lives, or are they simply unnecessary players in someone's dramatic narrative. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this idea that everyone is a brilliant actor in someone's production. We are always voyeurs, seeing what the fictional director sees illegally, but also what the "real" director decides to reveal. To remind us that these flashes are a violation of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is a street and a roof), and many times frames its views on television, video or security screens. Actors play the role of actors who represent "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of their own production, only poorly aware of their reduced roles in the actor's personal films. The detective employed by the playwright becomes a figure in art. An actor employed as a detective is looking for a detective for "tips" about how to play this role, he is caught by the detective on surveillance tapes and he takes part in the party as their true self. <br /> <br /> Despite the multitude of views, there is no doubt about the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright looks for a topic, the bomber looks for a target, and the detective follows the filmmaker. There is also no difficulty in finding the final destination of Bouzaglo - weakened and powerless Israel, fully aware of the danger, but unable to act meaningfully. Israel is Bouzaglo, a powerless fictional playwright who cannibalize his own life for his game. Israel is also a bankrupted soldier-entrepreneur who is the subject of a documentary, crooks and actresses, as well as a horned husband. Everyone is Israel because everyone is helpless, caught in inaction or pointless action, because the bomber scans the landscape in search of the best goal. The only thing the characters can do when another bombing is reported is having sex and keeping the "result" of the victims. <br /> <br /> There is a personal triumph, debt collection, perhaps revenge at the end of the game in the film history, but the viewers will be disgusted with the state of Israel, despite being full of admiration for the Bouzaglo's memorable edition of the story of the person.
