- A very pretty red woman at the helm waiting for her plane meets a charming young man with whom he connects. As they both run away and sit side by side, the young man Jack becomes mortally dangerous when he threatens Lisa to either change the room where the politician and his wife will stop or her father will die. See now what happens when you fly a coach, such things never happen in first grade. <br /> <br /> -Other than the conflict that occurs during the flight, the other thing that the movie "Flightplan" shares is pure unbelief * if it's the * word of the story. The point is for the main character to change the politician's room so that he can be murdered, which is quite likely a plan, but will not it be easier to find just someone who would be experienced in computers and have their hack into the hotel system? Teenagers can do almost everything with computers today, so I'm pretty sure that it would be easier for him to simply force someone to change using a computer, instead of going through the trouble of spying Lisa and putting her in a troublesome position lands in the movie. <br /> <br /> - The only thing that struck me was that nobody on the set heard anything they talked about. It is said here about a very small plane, and because from time to time their voices rises, it seems to me that other passengers should hear something. But I'm 100% sure that I read a lot too much. The film is supposed to be as realistic as the episode "24", so you can not be embarrassed about it. For all my complaints it is still a very nice movie that does the job. This is not the type that requires the closure of the brain, but at the same time does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy. <br /> <br /> - I would like to sit here in my comfortable chair and be delighted with the brilliant acting in the film, but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I like Brian Cox, but they do not really stretch their working muscles here. This is not a big problem, because it is not a movie that the students hope to win a lot of awards, and the acting is not the least horrible, it just is not great. Wes Craven is not the first one that comes to mind when you think about such a movie, but it does a very good job, considering the time the movie was filmed and the depth of the script. It was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "Cursed" and although I liked to do something different with this movie, I would still like him to go back to doing what he did in the past, which is a great horror movie. I was talking about decades after its release. <br /> <br /> - One nice thing about the movie that I really appreciated was a short movie. It's great to sit down and watch a nice three-hour movie every now and then, but now it's like every movie that comes out seems too long because this movie just had the right length. Not too long or too short. They do not waste time trying to develop their characters too much, because they know that this is not a movie for that and they made a very nice short movie. Being a big movie music freak, I must say that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool result of Marco Beltrami. It's really nice to see Beltrami move away from writing predictable things to the great music he's doing now. Really cool techno / orchestral stuff that he does for major titles. It is a pity that I can not find a soundtrack anywhere, I would really love to listen to titles at any time, and I did not have to jump on DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's nice for what it is and for which it is far from great cinema, it should still provide some small entertainment one and a half hours
