The Red Eye begins in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to catch the last flight of "red eyes" back to Miami, where she lives and works. Waiting for his plane, Lisa meets handsome and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) and they both seem to do it, and when they get on the plane, they discover that by chance they sit side by side. When the plane takes off and is in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that their seemingly accidental encounter was not a coincidence, Jackson says he works for someone who wants to kill the security secretary of Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) and they need her to change rooms in the hotel where he works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and make it happen, or her father will be killed ... <br /> <br /> directed by Wes Craven, who is probably better known for his horror movies, such as The Last House on the Left (1972), A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) and the trilogy The cry of teenagers, a short, dynamic, fast thriller, such as Red Eye is a big departure from what the Craven movie usually does. Carl Ellsworth's screenplay creates a surprisingly thrilling thriller, which I must admit I really liked, because only 85 odd minutes is a very fast, economical and straight to the point type of movie that focuses almost exclusively on one tight, taught plot instead of going into different directions with lots of threads. Some may like this approach, as I did when others may not, but I think it draws you into action much more because it is thick and fast, and the movie does not slow down and gives you a chance to relax. I really liked the plot of the Red Eye, for sure such a movie will always have one or two dubious moments in terms of plotting, but what the hell is a movie made for entertainment and for me it just happened. I really liked the two main characters, Lisa is very nice, while Jackson Rippner (an obvious game in the name of the famous victorious serial killer Jack the Ripper) is a mucous villain with cold, respectively. "I only do my job mentality type. Another plus is that I did not think anyone was too stupid here, they all seemed human, and the movies were relatively plausible. I really liked it and this is one of the better Craven movies. <br /> <br /> Craven plays in a good, solid, tight, taught and fast thriller with an attractive cast, a good action and a thrilling plot. It certainly does not revolve, and when action and tension starts, it never gives up, the most effective part of the movie is the situation in which Rippner keeps Lisa hostage on the plane and when the film passes to the fathers of Miami and Lisa house it becomes a little more routine, but it's still good. Particularly noteworthy is Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely wonderful in this. I could see the Red Eye again just because it is in it and looks stunning like a dead drop. Those who see the name of Wes Craven attached to the Red Eye, awaiting horror, should think again, because there is no horror (despite the letter "Horror" IMDb as a species of Red Eye). I'm not sure about the ending, on one hand it was nice to see the villain live for a change that is contrary to traditional expectations, but it can be more satisfying when Lisa kills him somehow. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently gave the Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, although it is still a very well made film with shining production values. Actually filmed in Los Angeles and Florida, California. The film was written allegedly with husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, but eventually the creators were in favor of younger leaders. As I said, Rachel McAdams is pure sweetness and she is totally loving about it and it's worth seeing it yourself. Oh, and she also admits to a decent performance. <br /> <br /> The Red Eye is a really fast, thrilling little thriller that I really enjoyed, I did not think I would like it as much as I do and I'm glad I decided to watch it. It definitely recommends me and Rachel McAdams really is hot in it ...
