Scream is Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then, there was nothing but an unbearable streak of Hollywood trash barely enough for a loud night, including disappointment with the sequels of Scream. Perhaps the genius and art devoted to the film exhausted all energy and creativity from it, so that when the time came for supper, he had nothing to serve us, but his own doo doo. Finally, after who knows how many bad movies later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, thrilling, chilling thriller with a Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams once again provides a pleasant performance by playing a hotel manager who has an unfortunate relationship with an important political and regular figure in her hotel. Then he meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, which he meets a little better after the delayed flight and bay. He does not know that he already knows her. And she also knows her father, whom he will never see again if he does not cooperate and fulfill Jackson's demands - use his contacts to establish a regular hotel for the coup. <br /> <br /> You probably think about it is nothing but your everyday thriller with predictable and pursuit scenes. Although it is a good, old-fashioned thriller, here is its beauty. No special effects. No cheap makeup. Only classic suspense. You feel desperation and regret with every decision that McAdams has to make, and you really care for her when you support her with every move she takes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, it provides a fun and convincing performance. It's either her sweet face or her incredible ability to be completely crying, but it always seems that you sympathize with her if her role requires it. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, looks naturally frightening, so even if the trailer did not reveal it, his final transition from a charming stranger to a merciless jackass is not so surprising. Perhaps it would be more horrible when I saw a nice guy like Toby Maguire transforming into a bad, ruthless madman. Nevertheless, Cillian Murphy, after his real identity was fixed, played this role so solidly that you really would like him to die, or at least cause his ass to be kicked. <br /> <br /> Do not miss this feature. There are a lot of squeals on the board and jumpers from the heart, which will look at the screen instead of the watch, as in the last Craven photos. If not for you, do it the entire time you see your girlfriend or boyfriend, or someone who jumps on popcorn and sticks to you. Wes is doing it right now. In addition to his masterful sense of tension, the Red Eye is not devoid of humor when the deputy McAdams Cynthia at the reception rummages in keeping the hotel in order. It was a relief that the Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you'll have the pleasure of seeing McAdams deliver another incredibly talented performance, Murphy looks scarier every minute, and Craven creates a classic traditional thriller. Flight, which was delayed and would be the beginning of the Craven Renaissance, if it appeared immediately after Krzyku.
