On an overnight flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hired killer who demands her help in killing a businessman, otherwise her own father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a great thriller that keeps the audience at the edge of their seats. The assumption is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both. Almost everything that concerns the Red Eye is above average, including voltage, activity and direction. Most of the film takes place on the plane, but it does not slow down the movie. The film is very fast and exciting without any slow and boring places. Wes Craven is doing a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the thrills of emotions, he focuses on history and heroes. The film has its share in the moments of tension, but that's not what the film is about. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and small details that become important later. Red Eye really shows his skills in telling stories. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very entertaining performance and her character is difficult to hate. You can even cheer her up. Cillian Murphy gives a very scary and effective performance as a villain. The way it behaves at the beginning in a charming way and then changes into a psycho is particularly impressive. Supporting actors are also pretty good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish and has this terrifying atmosphere. The setting works well because there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. Generally, the tone of the movie is always terrifying. The scenario is not as strong as anything else. There are several unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me, but there were a few people who shook my head. Also the ending is disappointing. This is not a bad ending, only a very simple and different approach would be better. Because the film focuses on characters, there are really no moments to cry, maybe only a few jumps. If you're expecting a horror movie, you'll be disappointed. In the end, the Red Eye is an engaging thriller and is one of the best summer films. Rating 8/10
