I think I like this program, but the format requires a bit of work. First of all, good attributes. I like how this program will lead us through the addict's daily life, because the producers have the talent to become addicted to us, showing us how badly they have let them live. Then the intervention takes place followed by the result. The intervention does not make you dizzy, and sometimes the result (often short-lived due to the time constraints between filming and broadcasting) is negative. This makes the positive results the better. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I like about the program is the quality of camera work. Considering the fact that these cameramen have to squeeze anywhere and do not have the benefit of re-shooting, photography is surprisingly good and stable. In fact, it is better than scenarios such as "The Shield", where photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now angry. The episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated matters that will be mixed up during the show. You will fall into the story of one addict, and then suddenly you will fall into the story of another. Get involved in this story, and then suddenly you're back to the first addict ... or are you? You may have already forgotten what case the current person is currently on the screen. This constant shifting between addicts really becomes destructive during intervention scenes, because the show will even mix two completely unrelated interventions! I've heard B.S. marketing before. reason for this poor project: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer to assimilate what they are watching." Oh, please. Of course, the reason for this is that they have two boxes that are not big enough per hour, so they combine two. Mixing them instead of giving each half-hour block to everyone, as they should, forces the viewer to look at the whole thing (and ads) if they are interested in one thing, but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to consider these episodes of "blender" so annoying that I would only tell TiVo to record episodes containing one addict, but then it became easier to record them all.
