"Intervention" helped me with my addictions and recovery. I am a married father of two middle-aged children. I am quite functional in my personal and professional life. However, I still feel the pain of the past when I use addictions to calm down and problems that slowly come to my senses. When these addicts and their families share my life with me, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The performance, unlike many others, delves into the addicted's past and reveals events that probably caused their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too frightening to come back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood." The performance deserves a lot of merit for starting this process. This kicking is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much information about addictions - fictional and not fictional - seems to ignore the basic problems. It is often assumed that addicted only one day began to shoot or anything for fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: addictions relate to killing pain. I can refer to various events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have suffered unhappy abuses. Some children just react badly to divorce. For those who think that addiction is an excessive reaction to difficulties, I would simply say that different people react differently. Although some children cope well with divorce, others, like Cristy on the show, "collapse on the floor" and the event has changed their lives forever. <br /> <br /> For example, an adviser last night said that the pretty young Andrea is looking for confirmation from men. He collects cash for a 75-year-old neighbor and allows men to use her. Sounds familiar to everyone? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make changes in our lives. Often those of us who have smaller problems suffer the longest. As they say, even a stopped watch is twice a day, but a slow watch may remain undetected for a long time until it makes your life unhappy. <br /> <br /> To producers: Thank you for making a show, for digging into the past, for continuing. Also the graphics, format and music of the theme are brilliant. <br /> <br /> For addicts: thank you for the courage to share. Regardless of whether you helped yourself or not, you helped me.
