MYSTERY KELLS is the amazing first animated feature that will blind your eye and move your heart. The disadvantages of limited film budget and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated by the visual poetry of the story of the heroic quest of young Brendan to become the master illuminator in the dark ages. Historically, it was at the end of the eighth century, when the centers of Irish learning were taken over by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as violent antagonists, an equivalent in the northern seas of plundering the Huns and Mongols further east. The narrative of the film - which functions more like a parable - focuses on the conflict between Brendan, who is trying to create beauty in his illuminations during the dark and his stern uncle Abbot - who tries to protect the city of Kells and his nephew with the emerging wall as a barrier for the Norsemen. Abbot neglects the value of Brendan's art in his quest for security. This is the external conflict of the film. Brendan's internal conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative illumination that will allow him to finish the most difficult picture in the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by the Dragon of Ouroboros, who destroys the inside of those that are not fit for this task, certainly as the Vikings kill from outside (That's how much I reveal!) <br /> <br /> What I really like this film, it's an ingenious understanding of some of the greatest works of art that have survived in the West since 1,200 years ago. The characters are stylized into flat abstract shapes defined by the line, as in the original Book of Kells. (Particularly noteworthy is the pet of the monk Aidan's cat, defined in several lines, but purely --- and even magically metamorphic.) The range of emotions that Brendan and other animated heroes convey because of the economics of abstract design is a tribute to perfect craftsmanship director and its animators. The decorative borders on the edge of the image change to complement the dramatic impact of the scene, and this characteristics of illumination from the dark ages brings a wonderful animated life in the KELLS SECRETS. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our times than about the times that these dramas try to portray. However, by introducing the archetypal elements, writers and director of "MYSTERIES KELLS" to this tale, they convey a spontaneous sense of life from this distant time in Ireland, which is psychologically true, although the script may depart from the pedantic historical fact. (The United Nations Illuminator team, which appears as a Rogue artists' club at SECRET OF KELLS, is not historically probable, but they are all well-designed, individualized characters that do a lot to convey the universal charm of this quintessential Irish story.) Animation she always seemed to me the best tool to better understand the visual arts of different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film clearly stems from its historical visual source, but it has also been cleverly adapted to the requirements of the animated story; if animation existed in dark ages, SECRET KELLS would look like this! Finally, the task of Brendan's hero in this film is the artist's constant striving to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being preached or even particularly Christian, this film confirms Jesus' statement that "Man does not live by bread alone"). In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is ANDREI RUBLEV by Andrey Tarkowski, a film about a great Russian icon painter from the 15th century. SECRET OF KELLS expresses the same sense of mystery and joy of the visual search and creative process of the artist. Certainly not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but heck --- it's a cartoon! (And one that appeals to both young and old.) I think that this film will repeat well in repetition: in its modest, life-affirming way, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
