After hitting the viewers with three very different sections from the very beginning, Serling continued to bring viewers to the "Twilight Zone" in a very strange way, planning one of the largest breeders of the series as the fourth episode. "The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine" is one of the more understated episodes, focusing on the inability of an aging movie star to deal with changing times and introducing only the supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is initially turbulent, but subsequent shows reveal that it is a completely classic and beautifully written story. <br /> <br /> Both the host, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as her frustrated but caring agent shines in their performances. The main problem with this episode is that the supposedly 25-year-old actress film material is unconvincing. Lupino looks the same when playing young Trent, as when he plays middle-aged Trent, and this significantly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino takes off his socks, convincing us of his desperation to return to the past. This is a situation that the majority can sympathize with, and yet Trent is not sympathetic. She is prima-donna, who does not think much about the feelings of people around her, such as the deadly withered star, which she tactfully dismisses because she reminds her of how long her glory days were. It is therefore surprising that it is rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see a huge projection screen, and it is cleverly overtaken in the first moments when Trent frightens his maid out of the screen. However, what is not clear at the beginning is whether sucking it into the projector will prove to be a reward or a difficult lesson in appreciating what we have and living the moment. As it turns out, Trent is allowed to return to the past she longed for, which testifies to how strong the wishful thinking of people can be. <br /> <br /> "The sixteen millimeter chapel" improves with every viewing. First-class writing and acting create a short game of immense power that reflects the nature of people who long for the past, even if we can never come back. With the exception of the Twilight Zone.
