There is a theory of time that assumes that all the moments that have ever existed and will exist actually exist now. It's a bit too much to wrap the head, but maybe a bit of comfort for those who want to go back to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino) it was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor were the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel in time, I would go back to the 1950s when I was growing up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but this is another episode. <br /> <br /> One thing that would not be so special in 1959, It would require you to deal with all this awkward machinery just to watch the episode of "The Twilight Zone". What do you think, how many drums would it take to catalog the whole series, and then find the specific story you wanted to see? I think you need to consider compromises, convenience and simplicity, having it now or devoting time to weaving it exactly where history begins. Appearing on a CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I am a bit surprised that Rod Serling wrote a story that resembled "Sunset Boulevard" so much. The mirror of the figure of Ida Lupino depicted Norma Desmond a little too close so that it could be considered as an original concept. Martin Balsam is very similar to the figure of Erich von Stroheim, the husband turned the butler, whose loyalty is unquestionable. Where history diverges, it is related to the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to get out of reality and cleanse the cobwebs that paralyze her existence. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for us, Ida Lupino had no reservations about doing parts that were "not big, but pretty". It's a real pleasure to watch any episode of "The Twilight Zone" and see who jumps out of the past. Sometimes you get a two, like here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the start of the series, and sometimes after. In combination with the stories that the program produced, it is not surprising that today they are doing well with entertainment.
