Chris Rock plays the remake of Warren Beatty's Heaven Can Wait (in itself the remake of the Here Comes movie by Mr. Jordan) from 1941, about a man who dies ahead of time before he can realize his dreams and adventures in his new (though temporary ) body. In the Beatty version, the main character was a backup quarterback for the then Los Angeles Rams. In the hiper version of Rock, our main character is a young combatant - and definitely not very talented - standup comedian. <br /> <br /> It's very funny to see a razor-sharp Rock playing the evil comedian. It's a bit like seeing Tom Hanks playing a bad actor. Lance Bartona's dream is to play the legendary Apollo Theater on a non-amateur night. But every time he tries his stuff, he whistles him from the stage, so much so that his nickname becomes "Booie." His jokes are poor, his pain is painful. In short, Lance is everything that Chris Rock is not real. <br /> <br /> Lance is also a cycling communicator and she is riding the streets to try even more material when BAM! He is hit by a truck. Okay, so maybe he was taken from his body one tenth of a second earlier by a bit of an incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he'll be hit anyway. No bones, it looks like Lance does not belong to Heaven until 2044. So what to do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), the "manager" of Heaven, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for the not-so-dead Mr. Barton. The problem is that the body found is a greedy old white man. It turns out that this guy (Mr. Wellington) is the owner of all things - he is the fifteenth richest man in the country! What a luck! You can imagine how Lance will change everything. <br /> <br /> But of course, while in the body of wealthy Mr. Wellington, Lance is a great hospital employee (Regina King). We men know how difficult it is to find a woman who has received our own body, but try to win one on top of the other when you are a squat, old white guy! And it's even worse when your money does not make an impression on you. <br /> <br /> This is Rock's first shot in the lead role, and in my opinion it behaves perfectly. There are still a lot of standup comics in it - and of course, if he ever wanted to get different roles, maybe he would have to stop including standup procedures for the script - but that's not really a bad thing. Rock's personality - his drive, delivery, attitude and passion - are what drives this movie. He clearly plays well in this role and it seems that he wants to make sure that you are watching him well.
