THE THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictitious report from the weeks preceding RAPTURE and weeks after this key event. <br /> <br /> I really liked both the value of production and the value of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie, with a budget for shoes, so it'll be a bit tacky (if your standard is A-list Hollywood fare). But this movie is totally acceptable compared to other independent films. More important than acting, costumes and music is the narrative itself. Is history convincing? Do dramatic moments work? Is the trajectory of the story being built at a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is "yes" without reservation. By the way, really important technical things - continuity, sound, lighting - are all right. The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by the messy artistry. <br /> <br /> VALUE CONTENT. The message of the movie is great. When you are wondering how many ideas the creator of the film has developed in 69 minutes, you start to appreciate his artistry. It presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of apostasy, the truth about the exaltation and the threat of a dominant Satanic government with a flare, imagination and - most importantly for an evangelical film - biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The creator of the film is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) he shows us through the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is achieved in the subordinate, where the zoo keeper is bitten by a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is blood from someone who is immune to snake poison. The poison is like a sin; medicine is like the blood of Christ shed on the cross. (2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has different forms explaining the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the creator of the movie uses both the action and the dialog to tell his story. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, the fact that the film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogue and scenes that convey a clear outlined salvation, expressed in the Christian gospel language, images and theology, is also totally acceptable. To criticize this film for being clearly Christian is absurd; this is similar to criticizing Nike advertising promoting sports clothing. What else could evangelical Christian filmmakers do if not a film that presents their case? Also the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that non-believers will be left in a godless world is again completely acceptable. The creator of the film makes great use of the dramatic potential of this idea. How do I know? I heard about SCRAP IN THE NIGHT from a woman who saw the way in 1974; he still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say? Around a very pleasant, thought provoking show. I'm going to show this to my group of teenagers in the church.
