Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin , Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mistress of the Dark was an icon of the 80's TV set had its own evening program on the cable. She led and presented classic American horror films, many of which were camp, at the same time providing their own comments and funny comments. Actress Cassandra Peterson has been successful so far. In 1988 her first film appeared. Playing alone, she got stuck in monster movies shows, but she misses her own show in Las Vegas and earns a lot of money. Her agent Manny shows disappointment. Soon he will inherit the residence from a deceased relative, a domestic dog and a recipe book. She comes to apply for a fall in a small town in Nevada - she was on her way to Vegas and got lost - and soon she is causing confusion in a calming community. A determined conservative woman from the city council, Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg), soon sees her as a threat to the decency and value of a small town. Her sensual character and winning personality will soon attract young people from the city. He falls on Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), a gold handle / carpenter from the city, but before any real relationship starts to blossom, he will be in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), an amazing older man who inherits part of Elvira's relative's property, is actually an age-old wizard who has personal vendetta against Aunt Elvira and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book about powerful magic, a power that one wants to get for himself. He is about to overthrow Elvira, having the city burn her at the stake. How will Elvira get out of this? The film did not turn out to be a real success at the box office, attracting a crowd of young viewers familiar with the Elvira show on the cable. In truth, it's a fun and good movie. The screenplay is full of crayons of all kinds of jokes, some bad, good, lots of sexual insinuations, visual jokes and general abundance, i.e. Funny last scene, in which Elvira finally has his own show in Vegas. This film is a cult classic, satisfying Elvira fans. You can not enjoy this movie differently. It is also a look at the pop culture of the 80s. Elvira was just like the icon of the '80s like Alf, Vicky the Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
