From the beginning of her career in the 1970s and throughout the 1980s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and a true cult figure in the world of horror movies and evil monster movies. While Mrs. Peterson played various supporting roles in films, covering a wide range of genres, her television character Elvira brought her the greatest fame. Part of her charm? and respect from fans? is that she has never turned her back on a horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other great actors and actresses who like to distance themselves from their "early" work). I only saw parts of her performances on television, but her role in the last song of "Mistress of the Dark" Ghoultown really encouraged me to check more of her stuff. One thing was clear to me long before this video: Over the years, Elvira became the power of influence when the mid-1980s appeared. <br /> <br /> And in 1988 after the movies like "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" turned on tributes and parodies in her television work, in the end happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", a movie. Now I saw this trailer already on the VHS rental days, but it was not until last week when I saw the movie. A few years ago I was able to see "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (produced in 2001), but for some reason it did not make much of an impression on me. Was it really forgotten, or should I give him another watch? I really want to watch it again because this first movie from Elvira from '88 really convinced me. Although perhaps partly responsible for the performance of this film work, it may be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contribution to the screenplay, there really is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy (she was also a co-author of the script). <br /> <br /> When Elvira finds out that she is one of the beneficiaries of the Great Aunt (of which she has never heard before), she takes it for a long, appreciated opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. To collect her legally inherited money, she travels to a quiet town in New England. But the restless Falwell residents are on the right track. In a short time she manages to shock and insult all the noteworthy inhabitants of the conservative town with her (often unintentional) provocative behavior. Worse, her inheritance turns out to be not what she expected: a worn-out mansion, a cookbook and a poodle. But she does not know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot does that her Great Aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to come up with the most hellish dark powers imaginable. And if you did not turn off the movie before Elvira prepares your first dish from the cookbook, then you can be sure that you will sit on that ride with a smile on your face. > <br /> It's surprising how a script combined with jokes, witty one-lines, movie references, jokes and cheerful taste manages to tell a coherent story. Simple, but of course consistent. While other movies, largely relying on gag situations, often make you completely lose the thread (such as "Naked Gun" movies), this movie does not. In the 1980s, many horror comedies were produced, but few of them worked. Not to mention the parody of horror, which at one point will not derail ("Killer Party", although I am grateful for the fact that the finale is completely stunning) or becomes too boring too quickly ("Saturday 14"). Although Elvira is more comedic than a horror movie, it does not lose track of what it is doing and consistently builds towards a mildly grotesque finale, along with a supernatural game on Falwell streets between the newborn witch Elvira and the evil uncle Talbot, including a real hunt for witches honest to God and on Elvira's own in burning at the stake. <br /> <br /> I tell you, there is no power in hell that could make this movie obscene. One of the first chuckles I got was during the first performances, when the name Daniel Daniela appeared. Daniel, whom? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later on his weak macho face). How can you not forget about Daniel Greene when you saw ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen the "Atomic Cyborg", I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh at his face in it. And in passing: I never imagined that Elvira looks so chilly, unknowingly leaving the gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not make this shot look better.
