"Why did they make them so great? Why did not they give money to the poor? "Mr. Harvey asked the student about the cathedral during a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "That's a good question," he answered. "Partly to inspire them - to encourage them to look with admiration." I'm not sure if the cathedrals have such an effect on everyone, but this movie certainly had such an effect on me. It was amazing! <br /> <br /> It did not start like that. For some time it seemed that it was just a picture - well - a school trip to the cathedral in Salisbury. If you've ever been on a school trip in high school, that's basically it. You have a group of largely disinterested children who are just happy to be out of school all day, a bus driver who's crazy about them, and some teachers desperately try to keep things under control. I was there, I did it, I got a T-shirt it's my first reaction. I came to the conclusion that in the end it will be a typical story of a teacher who managed to inspire a group of disinterested students. YAWN! But it turns out that it's a lot more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a grim, unsmiling teacher with a strange fascination for cathedrals. During the film, his story slowly goes out and becomes the focal point of the story. We also meet some of the difficult students - most notably Helen, also a great Nathalie Press who has self-harm. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it contains some powerful reflections on religious topics. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says: "I do not care what someone believes until they try to force anyone else" Harvey answers ", it's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - which is actually (my think) of what is often manifested in religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. As Harvey climbs back to the bus, director Susanna White slowly moves the camera up, so that the last shot is just heaven - returning to Harvey's comment that the goal of the cathedral is to arouse admiration in people. The cathedral achieves its goal. We look into the depths of the universe with admiration, looking for something bigger than ourselves, but we decide to define it. It's a very powerful and inspiring movie. 9/10
