Match 1: Team Table Match Tag Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started the match against Tag Team Table Match with Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both opponents have to go through the tables to get the victory. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early, changing Spike and then Bubba Ray. The German Benoit suplex for Bubby took Dudley's brother's wind. Spike tried to help his brother, but the judge stopped him when Benoit and Guerrero threw themselves at him in the corner. With Benoit trod on Bubba, Guerrero set the table outside. Spike ran into the ring and jumped over the top rope to Guerrero outside! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slid the table into the ring and helped Rosomak set it. Then the tandem prepared a double knot from the middle rope that would flip Bubba across the table, but Spike turned over the table just before his brother's fall! Guerrero and Benoit supported another table in the corner and tried to cross the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba fell in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and raised both opponents back! Bubba slammed Guerrero, and Spike trampled Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba stopped Benoita to let Spike rise in Wassup! headbutt! Not long after that, Benoit slammed Spike in the crossword, but the match lasted even after Spike was launched. Bubba came to the rescue of his brother and managed to spread Benoit on the table. Bubba jumped out of the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba to the forest! But because his opponents did not force him to pass through the table, Bubba could stay in the match. The first man was eliminated soon after Spike put Eddie through the table with Dudley Dawg out of the ring apron! Benoit put Spike in front of the table for a result. Within a few seconds, Bubba bombed Bubba, who put Benoit at the table and gave Dudleys victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who took Nidia to the ring for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman closed and knocked over the ring, but they came back inside and caught on to it even more. When Kidman defeated all of Noble's movements, Noble escaped the ring, where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The fight spread out of the ring, and Noble threw his girlfriend to the pretender. Kidman dismissed Nidia aside, but was removed by a modified bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's wounded back in the ring. Kidman's injured injury prevented him from attacking, but he still fought hard. Noble tried to move Kidman away from the mighty bomb, but the pretender dismissed him in the face. Kidman left the Shooting Star Press, but Noble stopped the attempt. Kidman went to Shooting Star Press again, but this time Noble simply fell out of the way. Soon, Noble threw Kidman into the energy bomb and got a pin to save his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championships William Regal vs Jeff Hardy William Regal challenged Jeff Hardy in an attempt to regain the European championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top rope and then took him hurracanrana from the apron. Returning to the ring, Jeff hit Whisper in the wind to knock Regala onto the loop. Jeff went to get the Swanton bomb, but Regal raised his knees to hit Jeff in a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick throw and got a pin to keep the European Championships! Regal started screaming, seeing Hardy on the way back to the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho promised to end John Cena's career in a match at Vengeance, which appeared later. Jericho tried to teach the price of the lesson because their match began by winning him on the mat. Jericho continued to knock Price around the ring until his presumption improved. Being on the highest line, Jericho began to show and let Price grab him for superplex! The price followed the sound of a tilt-a-whirl, but it was removed with a nasty dropkick to the intestine. The novice recovered and bumped his stomach, but he could not put down Y2J. Jericho entered Lionsault, but Cena avoided this move. Jericho nailed the bulldog, then joined Lionsault, but did not go to the cover. He raised Price to his feet so he could set up Jericho's walls. The price had other ideas, turning the movement to the pin test and getting 1-2-3! Jericho got crazy after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental RVD Championship vs Brock Lesnar through disqualification Another great thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View got tangled up in the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock grabbed the ref title and put it on his shoulder, staring at the RVD. The speed Van Dam gave Brock fits in the beginning. The big man fell out of the ring and kicked steel steps out of frustration. Brock gathered and took control. When Paul Heyman shone in the ring, Brock hit the RVD on a hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overpower the RVD, easily throwing him onto the top rope. RVD landed painfully on his back, after which he had to suffer from spine fractures on the steel rings. The fight returned to the ring, and Brock squeezed the RVD around the ribs. RVD broke away and soon after kicking Brock he kicked the temple. RVD followed Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to dig two. The fight looked as if it would end soon after the RVD chose a five-star frog spot. Brock, however, picked up Van Dam on the shoulder and started on the F-5, but RVD turned Brock in DDT and followed Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heyman pulled the ref out of the ring! Ref immediately called for disqualification and soon exchanged blows with Heyman! After that RVD jumped on Brock from the top rope and then threatened that he would hit Terminator Van! Heyman grabbed the RVD leg, and Brock picked up the master and this time connected to the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs Big Show Booker T has faced the Big Show one on one. Show Booker T's kicks and blows and hit Booker in the corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker picked up a chair in the ring, but the Big Show hit him back in Booker's face. Booker tried to return to the game, choking Show with a camera cable in the ring. Booker smashed the television monitor from the position of the Spanish announcers into the skull of the Show, and then issued a scissor kick, thanks to which both men crossed the table! Booker crawled back into the ring, and the Big Show staggered a moment later. Show grabbed Booker by the throat, but he was hit by a low blow and a kick in the face. Booker climbed the top rope and dropped a drop of his feet to the somersault to get the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H went into the ring for a loud ovation, when the fans hoped to find out where the competition The Game would end. Before he spoke, Eric Bishoff stopped the game to apologize for engaging in his personal interest. If Triple H signed a contract with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never come into play. Bischoff said he spent the last two years in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for another breakthrough at WWE Superstar and everyone was talking about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that if Triple H signs a contract with RAW, he will have the best chance in his path. Stephanie McMahon came out to release her own sound. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, they both know each other well. She said that they were both unstoppable and could be again. Bischoff interrupted her and begged her to stop. Stephanie mentioned that Triple H had once told her how Bischoff had said that Triple H had no talent or charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has much more experience than Stephanie. Both continued to roll back and forth until Triple H came to the microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "screw you" to one of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but he pulled her away. He said he would rather go with the devil he knows than the one he does not know. Before he could go any further, Shawn Michaels went out to shake. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was make trouble. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered that he had promised to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said that no one in the world is better at Triple H. HBK told his friend to imagine the two together, making Bischoff's life a hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he turned and hugged HBK, officially making his transition to RAW! Triple H and HBK left and Bischoff was overcrowded. Bischoff said that the difference between them is that he has testicles and she does not. Stephanie struck Bischoff in the side of her head and walked away! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Team Championship Tag Christian Match and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match started with the loud singing of "USA", and Hogan pushed the Christian through the ropes and off the ring. From there, Canadians took over. But Edge fired a kick at Christian's head and put a stick on his face at Storm to get the tag to Hogan. Hogan began Hulk and soon caught Christian with a big boot and leg drop! Storm broke the Count, and Christian threw Hogan from the ring, where Storm superconded the icon. Soon after, he tagged Edge and dropped both opponents. He stuck both in the corner, but he did not hit the spear on Strom and hit it hard instead. Edge nailed DDT, but ref was off and could not count. The test raced and defeated Hogan, then leveled Edge with the shoe. Storm tried to get the pin, but Edge threw him out after two. Riksihi lunged forward to resist the test, letting Edge regain his strength and throw himself onto the spear. Christian, however, turned his attention and Y2J lunged forward and measured Edge from the Tag Team Championship! Storm turned over and won pinfall to win the title! Winners and champions of the new team Tag: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. The Rock vs Kurt Angle and the Undertaker The three best WWE stars have set off in a threefold match against The Undisputed Championship. Taker and The Rock came face to face with Kurt Angle, begging for attention. He caught his attention in the form of a blow from two other men. Shortly thereafter, Taker poured out of the ring and The Rock brawl with Angle. Angle issued a series of suplexów that eliminated Rock, but the Great counter-DDT, who managed the two. The fight took place outside the ring, when Taker revived and dressed in a corner and repeatedly beat The Rock. Taker and Rock got him back into the ring, and Taker dropped The Rock with the crack of the pavement to get two counts. Rock jumped back, caught Taker by the throat and chokeslammed him! Angle interrupted the pin trial that would probably give The Rock the title. The rock vengeful, blocking the ankle to Kurt Angle. Angle reversed the move and Rock Bottomed the People's Champion. Soon after, The Rock got rid of Kąta and hit the People's Elbow in Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of the advantage, disabling the Great outside the ring and shielding Taker, who threw him out after two counts. Outside of the ring, Rock took a long drink from the nearby water bottle and spat the liquid into the assassin's face to blind the master. Taker did not stay off for a long time and managed to defeat Rock and draw his attention to Kąt. Taker landed with the guillotine leg on Angle, laying on the ring apron. The Rock got up just in time to break the pin on Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock DDT and set him on chokeslam. I tried to sneak up with the steel chair, but Taker caught himself on the buffoon and dumped it from his hands. The judge was caught as a result of a fire and did not see the stupid impact of Kera Stero with a steel chair. Angle went to hide Taker, because The Rock lay willing, but Dead Man somehow gained his arm. Angle tried to pin Rock, but he also threw away. The rock got up and landed in the sharpshooter! The angle looked as if he was about to touch, but Taker threw the Rock out of the hold. Taker chose Rock and crashed him with the last ride. While Dead Man covered him for winning, Angle came in and picked Taker up! Taker went mad with pain, but he managed to fight back. He chose Angle for his last ride, but Angle formed a triangular choke! It seemed that Taker was about to lose consciousness, but Rock broke Angle's grip just to catch him in the ankle lock. Rock got out of the grip and watched Taker chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and throw him away. The corner whirled Taker into the Slam Angle, but it was a Big Rocky Bottom and pinned! Winner and new WWE champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, it's a decent PPV! Recently PPV was not very good, but this one was the winner. I give it to PPV A- <br /> <br />
