Many people know how to feel when a loved one is lost. Feeling pain, sadness and sadness can be unbearable. Sometimes, however, the memories that leave, evoke the saddest emotions. This theme is perfectly depicted in the short film "Tulip" directed by the award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a film "about memories, about love", the sequence of tenderness and sentimentality is expertly blended into this triumphant 15-minute film. a warming tale of a man's journey in reconciliation with the loss of his wife by the relationship he shares with the very special animal "Tulip." The film begins with a rising dawn, birds singing and a vast landscape, introducing a sense of rustic harmony throughout the film. He plays soft music by marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a floral dress and apron with a hat on her head. Gently caresses Tulip, caressing her ears and patting her on the back. The equipment of the house is impressive, and the attention to detail is credible (on the bench you can see a vase of tulips), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth when he pours the milk out of the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of company and teamwork. No word has been said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The tragic passing of Ruth deeply affects Villa. An effective scene of vanishing cars emphasizes the isolation and sensitivity of Will at the end of the funeral day. Soon, he plunges into depression and forgets about his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. At the moment of despair, Will becomes the symbol of Ruth, the real relationship Will has with her dead wife. It is thanks to Tulip Will that he will learn to deal with the absence of Ruth and overcome the excruciating feeling of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each character is realistically and reliably portrayed, especially the part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the hero to life with personal investment. The recent loss of her own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is reflected in his acting. Each overhang of the shoulder and every wrinkle of the eyebrows makes the viewer feel very sympathetic. Ruth's character is wonderfully realized by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a word in the whole movie, her sweet personality and loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give great performances in supporting roles as friendly to Margaret and Mary. They also add subtle humor to bitter-sweet history. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from Griffth's childhood, the history of loss and discovery is extremely captured in "Tulipan". Beautifully filmed and well-preserved, this film will surely make you have dim eyes, triumphs or you want to drink a glass of milk.
