I have read a few reviews of this TV movie, all of whom said that the film stretched too long and that it was basically just a sensational entertainment. I agree that the movie may take a bit too long (it would be enough for 2h30 ...), but I certainly do not think the sensation is sensational. Jim Jones's expansive journey and slow degradation in mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated in a voyeuristic way. The film devotes its time to showing how Jones recruited followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif stands out in this matter), but also to observe the amazing change in the perception of reality by Jones. The amazing thing is that an egalitarian, leftist and compassionate preacher becomes such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the movie does not examine Jones's motivation enough, which may make the whole attempt somewhat superficial (it may also be related to censorship ...) But the powers of hypnotising Boothe performance make everything happen. I do not know the details of Jim Jones's real life, but Boothe certainly makes the monster play reliably and real. The film contains many strong scenes, including Jones 'preaching sermons, Jones' meeting with Divine's father (Remisquing James Earl Jones), a visit by congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) to the camp in Guyana and, of course, a suicide scene. Watching is quite bleak, and Boothe proves in these last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the skeptical supporters, like Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it's time for him to drink a murderous potion. The relative calmness of the end of this scene, the sophisticated direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural surroundings make these images completely impossible to erase from the mind. Disturbing reflection on the subject of human nature and its weakness. It's worth taking a look, if only to remember one of the really terrifying events of the 20th century. Do not let it happen again. Ironically, the inscription in Jim Jones' camp: "Those who do not know the past will have to repeat it".
