Most of the success movies in comics usually depend on having criminals larger than life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle you with a lively smile or mad line or two dialogues. Batmans from Tim Burton had it, just like (in an even more grotesque way) Sin City. With producer / director / star Dick Tracy Warren Beatty, he imposes himself on villains until he becomes part of the frame. Like a noisy tribute to gangster paintings from the thirties - only this time for children, unlike the darker Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy is full of joy with archetypes and bright, basic colors in which criminals carry Tommy's weapons and form on their faces to shape their personality. Thieves like The Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, The Brow, Mumbles, The Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave names to his characters that matched their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. The film is a continuation of the gags' sight, which are taken very seriously. <br /> <br /> If at that time movies such as Batman and (underestimated) Ninja Warrior Turtles were darker representations of reality in the outline of the comic, Dick Tracy is more "old-school". This is the story of policemen and crooks, or rather a police officer, Detective Tracy, who is trying to destroy Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what is probably his BIGGEST performance so far, and in a sense, the one that makes sense for his great style) but without such happiness. There is also a small child, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more children than you might think), and Tracy's love for Tess. And then there's the nightclub "dame" (Madonna, who probably does not give any great acting performance, but maybe it suits the role and she sings perfectly when she's called) who will not testify until Tracy admit to the feelings that he does not do for her. Then there's a complicated relationship with killing Tracy and a mysterious masked figure with a rough voice. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, as if playing the film of Howard Hawks in the upshot of visual effects and larger explosions, Dick Tracy adds to the comedy batting eye and action like her syrup on a high stack of pancakes. It is wonderful to look at this world, which is created in a way that fascinates them that if they were done today, it would simply be a proxy of computers (ie Sin City, which can be justly compared to Beatty's film). We are moving through this world in great great shots, and then we are pushing into the story, or whatever it is, in large assembly editions with camera angles that seem to come out of these small tilted panels in old comics. In these sequences, I'm almost reminded of the Cotton Club, because history, music, details and a few BIG hits and pistol shots have a long way to reveal what to say, which is actually no more than it must. There are also a lot of catchy dialogues from the script (one of my favorites: "enemy of my enemy is ... my enemy", as well as all references of Pacino to other numbers in quotes). <br /> <br /> Coming back to it after watching it for the first time in the cinema (and remembering only small pieces), Dick Tracy is a hard fantasy at the highest level. It is full of fun for children, and with quite a good action in the square without some of the more ominous intentions of cousin comic movies (ie PG-13), and for adults its central throw made of momentum and a solid feeling for the non-subtle person. Even Dustin Hoffman insists, and he barely speaks an audible word!
