The initial subtitles make up a brilliant, atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment that is full of small bows towards the comic. All good guys are good, all bad guys are bad, and the movie is full of well-known actors in gruesom makeup to emphasize their features. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the best tough guy, a simple man, indestructible, usually calm, always a better warrior than the other, rarely limiting the legality. Al Pacino, as "Big Boy", Caprice steals every scene in which he plays as a hunchbacked gangster in some unnamed metropolis of gangsters from the 1930s. Maddonna plays the person she probably plays best, Breathless Mahoney, the singer and femme nightclub with her own little program. Gleanne Headly is a hard-talking, fiercely independent girl from Tracy. And then there's The Kid, a fun little street that Tracy takes, who's modeled on his foster father, and rescues Tracy when the detective accepted his fate. a Who's Who from character actors. Charles Durning is the police chief. Dick Van Dyke is a district prosecutor who bribed him Big Boy fighters to keep him on the street. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous phrase as Mumbles, a candle whose dialect is so unrecognizable that the cops can not do the head or tail of what he has to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival Big Boy mobsters who creates a special fidelity to create a network of crimes that spread throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, a performance pianist at Breathless. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the former benefactor of Breathless, until Big Boy gives him "Bath". James Caan wears relatively little makeup as the only gangster who does not agree with Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the executors of Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This movie retains all the comic maize and is full of vibrant colors. Almost all suits are sophisticated in shades of blue and green, yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow are in this video - and then a bit! The matte images that are used, really realize this world as two-dimensional, only work in three-dimensional sets. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he played before or after. Big Boy is a bit crazy and a little self-pitying. He is an eccentric man who prides himself on quoting our Founding Fathers and comparing himself to great political leaders. A man with a plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
