At the end of the nineteenth century, somewhere in the American West, several cowboys in need of money manage to hunt buffalo. The group leader believes that buffalos are too numerous for hunting to have any effect, but a more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can break down and is not so sure. Equipped with a herd of buffalo living in South Dakota and showing a movie about a real hunt (the introduction to the film explains it as a necessary thinning of the herd), the movie has an excellent job of presenting us the fate of the buffalo and its impact on the Indians without any real <br /> <br /> the story, however, concerns a dysfunctional family created by a small group formed for the purpose of hunting. His father's character is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is an experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but needs work after losing cattle. A half-Indian boy who hates the fact that he looks completely Caucasian takes on the role of an adopted son. Grandfather (and moral compass) is a skinner of alcoholic buffalo; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian who killed her comrades after they stole his horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is apparently the most interesting character. He is malicious and offensive to everyone around him, but he also knows that he is the only family and friends he has. He expects that abducted Indian women will hate him and then accept him, but he does not know how to react when he refuses. He was the first to combine the family, but he is also the one who will eventually destroy him. <br /> <br /> It's all very similar to the classic "Red River", which also contains the family type torn by the increasingly brutal and alienated figure of the father. As you might expect, this movie suffers from a comparison. The plot does not focus on developing the dynamics of the character and the family, and the direction does not allow to preserve all the scenes aiming at this common goal. From the very beginning, Charlie is so unbelievable that we never have a reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. The positive aspect, however, is that the buffalo slaughtering message adds an extra dimension to the film, and its conclusion is much better than the end of Hollywood, which was attached to the end of the "Red River." As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and funny movie, very well made, but not fulfilling what would be needed to recognize it as classic.
