Recently I watched the Spirit and I loved it, I saw it 4 times in HBO and I bought a DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that Vanishing Point was just another pursuit movie in the car, and Thelma & Louise is just another chick. Although the conclusions from these films are darker, it seems to me that the topics are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. Another common feature of these films is a thoughtful, thoughtful type of "guardian angel" who helps the main characters overcome adversities. <br /> <br /> Another review mentions how this film relates to the subject of civilization invading someone else's home. All you need to do is look around the weakening open spaces around us to see it. <br /> <br /> I thought animation and history were amazing, animators really forced horses to look, act and move around naturally. The emotions of the Spirit were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I know that they are little humanized, but it is fiction). In a few action scenes, you feel caught in the currents and heat from a forest fire. In other calmer scenes (which are the most common) you can enjoy the background. One of the great things that make this story really work is not going on the way of talking, singing animals. Such behavior would take the strength of the story. Instead, story telling is told by the occasional narrative of the main character, and an extra blow adds a fantastic soundtrack. Another plus is that they were not afraid to give the story a bit dark side (which really made the film possible for me to watch). However, this is not common throughout the film, and the application is apt and uplifting without being satisfied. <br /> <br /> Those who value horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse movie. I do not think it is a good movie to which we could take children if they were brought up on the unsuccessful tariff that is offered today. But if they're a thoughtful sort that can handle fascinating stories like the Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they'll probably love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 and I still love these things.
