I had the honor of watching Scarface on the big screen with a beautifully restored 35-millimeter print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the premiere of the films. It was great to see it on the big screen, because many of them were lost on televisions, and the overall generosity of this project can not be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of classic rags to wealth in the depths of hellish history involving Al Pacino as the Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version Tony comes to America during the wave of migration of immigrants in Cuba in the late 1970s, in the early 80s. Tony and his cohorts quickly receive green cards, rejecting a political figure in Tent City and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is running on his terrifying path to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the heroes of this movie played in such a sophisticated way that watching is so nice that for the last twenty years I forgot about this film. Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is flawed because he is too trusting, and when Tony quickly guesses, he is soft. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez, presents one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the ultimate paradise and will do everything for Frank; it's as if he did not have his own mind. Tony sees it quickly and constantly fights Suarez, but really sees him only as a small problem to go to the top. The hero who always comes back to me so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the brazenly corrupt Miami drug detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, without feeling guilty, forces large sums of money from all sides of the pharmaceutical industry. Tony's game with Frank until he catches up with him in the scene, which means leaving the movie Frank and Mel. It's priceless to hear how Frank asks Mel for intercession, because Tony is going to kill him, just to hear Mel's answer: "It's your Frank tree, you're sitting in it." This is from the man Frank paid for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's growth is instant and is only matched by speed and intensity through his rapid accident and incineration. After Frank escapes and takes his wife and business, Tony's greed seizes control and never seems to be enough. As Tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and sister who fall in love and get married. It all ends with the end of Tony's relationship being stormed by the army from his supplier who feels betrayed, because Tony would not have undergone a political coup that was ordered. It all creates a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be a partner in the murder that would involve the victim's wife and children. <br /> <br /> In total, this is a great picture of the excess of cocaine culture from the 80's. DePalma is great at keeping it all in one of the fastest three-hour films. Violence is extremely graphic and contains several scenes that will forever be engraved in viewers' minds, in particular a macabre chain saw, two point-blank shots in the head and a bloody fight that ends the movie. This is a highly recommended stylistic film that is not intended for people who are thirsty or for those who need optimistic endings and potential sequels; Let DePalma fly here.
