One of the most determined gangster films of the 80s, Scarface is a film of its time. The first thing you will notice when watching this movie is that it screams at you "done in 1983". Costumes, score and soundtrack, hairstyles, do not be mistaken with it, it's a crime movie from the 80's and although it should have been horribly outdated, it's not. It's still a great movie. Although the music of Georgio Moroder is over, it still complements the story of Tony Montana thanks to the great script of Oliver Stone and the first-class director Brian De Palma, one of the two films made with Pacino being the fantastic Way of Carlito). All De Palma trademarks are here; strong language, graphic violence (more on that later), stylish excesses like great pieces and of course a stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates in the movie and I mean it literally. He is the dominant star of this film. His performance at the top is one of those movies in which Pacino does not speak about his lines so much, he screams, this time with a great Cuban accent. However, it is Pacino and he does it fantastically. Only he could go so far up and still leave the movie with his acting honesty in tact. While some may complain that they are screaming about their lines and the excess of it all, this is an excessive movie. Look at Tony's house production project, look at the violence in this movie. The incident with the chainsaw is downright brutal and there is blood everywhere. The shooting at the end has bodies falling at a rate more akin to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in Rambo movies. Look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film, so the performance of Pacino is probably perfect for the movie. It is supported by actors who are more like talking in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, as Manny, Tony's best friend, is outstanding from the cast. His performance is so controlled and quiet in De Niro that it's weird how he ended up doing soft video straight. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds splendor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's not just a movie about excess. There is more to it than drugs, violence, chainsaw assault and great shooting. It is a film about the darker side of the American dream. In many respects, it is part of the theme of the film "The Godfather". Tony discovers that he is coming to America, earning everything, living an American dream, then losing everything in a brutal way and saying that he loses everything, that is, he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire collapses, literally, around him, and in addition is killed in his own house, the bullets tear him apart. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly Scarface is one of the key films from the early 80's. Of course, there is no subtlety in the films Godfather, but it is still a great movie and one worth coming back to.
