"Classical is something that everyone wants to read, but nobody wants to read. The classic is also something that everyone praises, but nobody has read it. " -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> "Classic" seems to be a word describing "Scarface", a film by Brian DePalm from 1983 about wealth, surrender, greed and danger among Florida's drug ring. People and critics (in this case rappers) consider this film to be "epic gangster classic" or "eptiome gangster movies". When there is anything else. He is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a great movie that deserves praise from around the world, but not all the praise it receives from today's audience, and therefore the small points that so poignantly make, are overlooked by the general public. <br /> <br /> First, the film tells the story of a Cuban refugee who wanted to escape communism and find happiness. Straight? Yes. But the layers of director de genius De Palma and the wonderful story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he actually wrote a really good one) are playing all this. All characters are looking for an escape, because escape is a natural element that everyone deals with the film. Each character has something to offer, which makes it nice for anyone who can appreciate the movie. They are entwined in the world of mysticism and money, but everything that has a price, how everyone is learning. Every character thinks that he has a better chance of life, when in real dramatic irony he actually gets worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. Everyone who praises the film for using drugs, violence, dialogue is completely missed. There is nothing positive about the film, except for the positive expectations of yourself. And that's why the movie works so well. Devastation through the movie serves to deliver the message of the movie, and it does not look good or attracts viewers. Brian De Palma does not make films for iconic gangsters or mindless action fans. <br /> <br /> Then the movie is a drama for adults. This is not a "gangster movie". He has his share in the action, but the action is drawn very carefully, so he's right. This is not an "Alien" - an example of a big stupid action movie, and most viewers see this movie as a big stupid gangster movie about doing drugs and shooting people. Funny. Nonsense. If this movie is about it, it's about how bad it is. Do not promote this. <br /> <br /> In saying this, the movie is a really great movie. It has a great cinematography that draws you into history. It has a very dramatic result (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which can simply give you chills or lead to tears. The film is quite long, but it's a story and every moment counts. Acting is great. Al Pacino - just say. He can do any role he focuses on, and that was no exception. Nice boy Steven Bauer, as Manny. I did not think about him too much in other movies he did, but you really like him when he goes under the direction of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem like Elvira. She jumped away from shame in "Grease 2" and got a ride ticket, performing an uncompromising beauty game that is more than at first glance. But the three real diamonds in this rough world are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony Gin's sister who, when she smiles or cries, we see her soul and her fresh way of life, and watch her get worse; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, the ruler of the drug that runs deeper than the river, and Shenar presents it; and Miriam Colom as the torn mother of Tony and Gina. These three copy the movie as deeply as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned about one important thing while watching "Scarface" for the first time. Always enter the unsuspecting movie. All the noise and conversation about this film can not prepare you for what you really see. Just getting to know De Palma (like me) can give you even an insight into what the film holds. So ignore rap nonsense, ignore the mindless supporters of violence and fix a glass of Bailey on the rocks, and indulge in an emotional viewing of the wonderful movie, the real "Scarface".
