The story revolves around Montana Scarface of Antonio, an extremely brutal Cuban refugee who arrives in the United States with less than nothing and creates a place for himself at the top of cocaine trading ... <br /> <br /> As a calculating man with a conscience and extreme ambitions, Tony is determined to want things that he sees as a criminal high roller enjoys, including his beloved lover ... Rises from a refugee camp, enjoying the chance to stab a former Freedom recipient, eliminating competing dealers, gaining the trust of an important drug lord, eclipses the local gang leader in Miami, and ultimately goes to the highest levels of the drug organization ... Pacino shows the effects of greed and lust for power over the human psyche ... gets through the sunny streets of Miami where he got "the world and everything in it". With his ruthlessness, obscene dialogue and negotiation skills he begins to imagine that he is insensitive, and above all ... He quickly moves into the world of gangs and becomes more ruthless than anyone else can imagine ... /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer looks dazzlingly like an addicted wife without an inner life ... She manages to show the trophy an "object" navigating uncertain waters with her antihero ... Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio happens best to Tony's life, the only thing that is good and clean ... Her disgust at the end of the movie is so fiery that the whole head could break ... Robert Loggia shows a weak and frightening disposition, especially in the face of Pacino as a pretender ... He proves that he is a less ambitious boss in power ... Steven Bauer shines as a man of charm, loyal ally and loyal friend ... <br /> <br /> Oliver "Scarface" with stage Stone is a change in the genre, raising the stage on the classic scene of Hawks while updating the introduction of a gangster saga type "rise and fall" to modern, drug-attack Miami ... But, as always, the emphasis is on decadence, profanity and violence - as usual on insipid murder of a chainsaw, not the psychological and social causes of the psychopathic behavior of a hooligan ...
