Those who gave this production such a low rating probably have never seen George Balanchine's famous production on stage, nor allow their contempt for Macaulay Culkin's star casting to influence their judgment. Atlanta Ballet was lucky, from the sixties to the eighties, to be the first ballet company to be allowed to perform this production, outside the New York City Ballet, and saw it live on stage several times. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate representation of this production, and the use of a child with limited dance abilities in the title role is not a cheap feat that he invented to present Culkin; Balanchine's idea to use the child in this role, just like his idea to use the child for the role of Marie. "Heavy" dance is left to adults in the story. <br /> <br /> This is a deliberately movie with a reflection; in a sense, it resembles Laurence Olivier's Othello. Just like in this film, the stage sets have been enlarged to the size of the film scene, but they are not less artificial, and the ballet is photographed directly with discreet close-ups and without the distracting fast cuts of the "music video" featured in 1986 in the overrated version of Maurice Sendaka-Carroll Ballard. In the 1993 movie there are only two false steps. One of them is adding distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (squeaks of mice, children whispering "Mega!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard in any stage production of "The Nutcracker" and were introduced as a cheap concession just to satisfy an uncomplicated audience who may not enjoy the idea of ​​watching ballet on film. <br /> <br /> Another false step is Macaulay Culkin's nutcracker, who looks completely unreasonable. When it's on the screen as a Nutcracker, instead of wearing a huge mask (as it always does when Balanchine's production is done on stage), Culkin is actually a toy - wears what looks like a bald hat, and a white wig, mustache and beard. He also has a slightly irritated face, and the worst aspect of his make-up is that he is still recognizable his face, amateurishly transformed in a similar way to the makeup of Ray Bolger, Jacek Haley and Bert Lahra in "The Sorcerer of Oz" (The effects of the make-up of this movie worked spectacularly because he does not do it). The comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in * his * production shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was - the "jaws" seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> Dancer alone in the Macaulay Culkin version is obviously excellent, except for Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not even to be spectacular. (Fairy Sugar Plum and her Cavalier are the main dance roles in the production of Balanchine's The Nutcracker.) However, the colors of the film may be a little brighter because it IS fantasy. Choreography is also brilliant, and her adaptation is so faithful that it contains a sequence containing additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "Sleeping Beauty" - as Marie sneaks down, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer "fixes" a broken Nutcracker (this sequence was of course never included in the original Tchaikovsky's ballet - this is the only sequence in this production that contains music from a work other than the "Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> Those who missed this movie, or those who despise (or hate it) should give it a chance, despite its two big flaws. Much better than it seems when someone first hears that Culkin is in it.
