Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusing Agnieszka Holland's film "Europa Europa", this third filmmaker, who never ceases to surprise, inspire or even shock, is a bizarre, nostalgic, sophisticated film about a naive American in Germany after finishing World War II. An American named Leo does not fully understand what he's doing there. He came to participate in the repairing of the country, because in his opinion the time had come for the Germans to show some charity. Regardless of how it sounds, he is not a sympathizer of Nazism, not even particularly pro-German, just confused. His uncle, who works on the railway, performs Leo's work as a helmsman in a sleeping car, and he is more and more entangled in the horror of horrors and riddles of Germany in 1945. <br /> <br /> This progress begins when Leo, played in a memorable way by the calm but troubled actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets a passionate heiress on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress on the surface, but with inner vigor . He seduces him and then takes him home to meet the family who owns the company that produces the trains. These were precise trains that took the Jews to death during the war, but now they have a grim schedule of the day and positions of Uncle Kessler as another of the good Germans who have just done their job. There is also Udo Kier, an enormous actor who put me in the shocking second film of Von Trier's Epidemic, although here it is just a scenery. <br /> <br /> Another guest at home is Eddie Constantine, an actor with quiet strength, playing a grim man of American intelligence. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although for Leo it is completely surprising. For decades Americans have been described as gullible ruby, but there were few more careless people indifferent than Leo, who returns to his work on what gradually looks like his own death train. <br /> <br /> The story is told in a deliberately uncoordinated way by the Danish film director Lars Von Trier, whose anchor is in a breathtaking assembly and cinematography. It takes black and white and color photos, uses double exposures, optical effects and trick photo, so that actors interact with the projections in the back, put their characters in a richly shaded celestial world, that sometimes feel like insects, caught between the glass and our a more detailed survey. <br /> <br /> This award-winning Jury prize is allegorical, but it may be in a clear tone for every viewer. I interpret it as a film about the last legs of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and about the ethical responsibility of the Americans and others who came too late to save the martyrs from those trains and camps where they distributed their condemned loads. During the film, and the Nazi state and such meaning for the train, they are dead, but like headless chickens, they constantly shake their reflections. <br /> <br /> Heroes, music, dialogue, and the plot is deliberately noisy and almost satirically acquired from film convention. The most fascinating points in the film are completely cinematographic. Two trains stop back and forth, Barr on one, and Sukowa on the other. Underwater shot of growing blood. An extremely expressive sequence of what must be drowned. And the most metaphysically affecting everything, an anesthetic view of railroad tracks, when Max von Sydow's voice urges us to return with him to Europe and abandon our personal restraint.
