For some reason, this movie never appeared in the original language on my neck (despite having a TCM UK Cable channel that broadcasts dozens of MGM titles weekly). More disappointing, it is still M.I.A. on DVD? even from the Warners' recently announced "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (which includes three other efforts by the Robert Taylor genre); maybe they write it down for a possible "collection of signatures" dedicated to this steadfast MGM, which may come next year on the 40th anniversary of his death? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows him a rare, despicable role of the selfish West with fanatical hatred of the Indians and who decides to use his expert aiming to create a few easy to hunt buffalo; the initial statement shows worrying statistics that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As a coworker, Taylor chooses a former professional from the Stewart Granger industry? which gathers an alcoholic, the legendary Lloyd Nolan (who constantly mocks with the annoying and vindictive Taylor) and the teenage half-race of Russ Tamblyn. As expected, the company's relationship is shaky? it resembles in the center of THE NAKED SPUR by Anthony Mann (1953), another bleak MGM Western in the open air. In fact, the film approximates the taste and durability of Mann's work in this area (despite the fact that he was the writer / director of Brooks, just a handful of such performances, but together he showed an unusual variety); here too the narrative throws itself into a female presence (Debra Paget, also half-breed) to fight between two rough tracks? and Granger, like James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, returns to his work only reluctantly (his regret at killing buffalo for ordinary sport and profit is effectively implemented). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from seeing Taylor taking Paget for himself? bravely but coldly endures his approach, secretly desiring Granger? and he drinks his frustration at the bar's residents! Taylor himself does not leave the contract unscathed: like the protagonist of "TREASURE OF THE SIERRA MADRE" (1948), he becomes uncertain and jealous of his colleagues, especially in relation to rarity? and therefore valuable? hiding the white buffalo they caught; he even went crazy about buffalo at some point (as Nolan predicted), cheated that he began to roar about the hooves of the approaching mass of the genre! The hunting scenes themselves are impressive? cutting buffalo, falling to the ground after a hit, endless composition of the daily catch and corpse, which then attack the meadows. The unusual but memorable solution of the movie is rightly famous: with Winter in full swing, now Paranoid Taylor on Granger's blood is waiting outside the cave (in which the latter and Paget have taken refuge) to shoot him; when Granger arrives the next morning, discovers Taylor in a bent position? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father owns a copy of an extensive source novel about it (by Milton Lott) from the time of the original release of the film: did he actually collect a huge number of such editions? is it still a practice in fashion? where the book is re-published to promote its film adaptation. Similarly for the record, Taylor and Granger ?? who are working here very well? he was already in the band (as whale hunters!) in the nautical adventure ALL SISTERS WERE THE VALENTIARY (1953), which, interestingly, is equally difficult to see (in fact even more, considering that it was not even shown on Italian television behind what seems like a century) !!
