William Castle is known among horror fans as a B class director in the 1950s and 1960s. His tricks, cost-cutting techniques and unique vision are legendary. No wonder that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has produced countless documentaries) will eventually take the time to dedicate a document about its size. This is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general idea of ​​who Castle is, after seeing several of his films over the years. I knew nothing about her personal life, goals and ambitions. This movie really refined the man and gave me a fuller appreciation of the dedication he had for the film craft and his contribution to the genre of horror. The film portrays Castle as the rival of Alfred Hitchcock, and Hitch is an artist who gets praised, while Castle is a sincere carnival that gains cult reputation but much less respect. It is an icon for all directors of the second category, so it is not surprising that John Waters is particularly visible here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have big roles.) <br /> <br /> His tricks were what fueled his fame, and the document tried very hard to explain what is crucial for those who are too young to be remember. Basic 3-D "13 ghosts" (see separate review), buzzer in the chair for "Tingler" (see separate review), money back guarantee for "Homicidal" ... watching these films outside the theater, we can rate their content (personally I still like it), but we can not fully appreciate what the audience once felt. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is the moment when Castle moves from the iconic director to the producer in Hollywood. After purchasing the rights to "Rosemary's Baby" he is placed in a very special place to negotiate the premiere of the film. Hoping to direct, he is removed from the producer to make room for the new director Roman Polanski. Although initially disappointed, it turns out that this is one of the best opportunities in his life - an extremely successful film and work in which he stands out. Who better controls the wallet of the wild artist Polanski than the castle with a penny? This was to be its crowning achievement, although unfortunately the film is more often associated with Polanski than Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years take place and we receive personal reflections of his daughter and niece. On the other side, everyone seems to praise the man. Somewhere along the way, he annoyed one or two people, but you would never find out of this movie. And I found this find - this is Bill Castle's life celebration, not "E! True Hollywood Story. " Fans of the genre would do well if they took a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> Personally, I would recommend the William Castle collection, which has not only this, but eight Castle movies, with a lot of special features. Even this documentary is accompanied by a sound comment, thanks to which you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle, and have Castle's daughter, Terry, giving a tangible reflection of her experiences with various films and remixes. It's almost a whole new movie.
