Richard Brooks' Last Hunt was a movie star that Stewart Granger could not even hear? he even torn up the movie poster when he introduced it to sign in later years? but then the director escaped with his wife, so it's understandable. For everyone else, this is one of the best adult westerns of the 1950s and years before his time in relation to the environment. <br /> <br /> In many respects, he plays almost like the sequel of one of the Westerns, Anthony Mann, who see their heroes pulling to their redemption, kicking and shouting at him everywhere. Here Granger's legendary buffalo hunter has already seen the light, but after the panic of the bison costs him a herd of cattle in the attack of poetic justice, he draws him back into the darkness through the soulless and proud racist gunman Robert Taylor, justifying that "I have already reproach conscience. I might as well have money. " Brought up by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he is doing when the fading buffalo heads are dying out, and he gradually becomes almost as absorbed in self-hatred as Taylor is with hatred. When will the two men fall out of Debra Paget's wrath? the only survivor from the Taylor Indian group is killing? and white buffalo skin, which is priceless for hunters and Indians for very different reasons, the showdown becomes inevitable, although the result is certainly not. <br /> <br /> Taylor is certainly an ironic casting? it was Granger who rejected the many epic roles MGM developed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor back to the 1950s after years of steady decline. His hair color may not be convincing, but his performances, shallow and violent man so absorbed in hatred that he does not carry a gun, the gun carries it. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but makes a good, silent hero in the form of Jimmy Stewart, trying to keep his newly discovered decency and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before finally getting the chance to make amends. Skinner Russ Tamblyn and the one-legged old man Lloyd Nolan also give as good as they can, but the real star is the scenario: tightly drawn with a great eye and ear for the character? not to mention the end of Stanley Kubrick borrowed from The Shining? it balances historic revisionism with entertainment drama, never selling or short. The new French DVD is free, but offers a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English soundtrack.
