Although I usually do not go as ruthlessly as I always did, I accidentally caught ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD from 1994 on a cable on a Saturday morning, just as it began. Being a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see how Brody was 21 (20 years old when I filmed) in this early role of Danny Hemmerling, infielder for California Angels (in the original from 1951, Pittsburgh Pirates was a hard baseball team, change name is a nice touch, because it changes the title into a word game). I decided to give Flick a chance and it turned out that it was quite painless and even pleasant experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweets and baseball-based excitement. Also, my 7-year-old daughter likes the effects of an angel! :-) Directed by William Dear frequent collaborator Mike Nesmith, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who prays really hard after his ne'er-do-good dad (convincingly demented Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically He says that they will be a family again when at the last moment California Angels will win the pennant. Soon, Roger begins to see real angels in the Angels games, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual, eccentric disrespect makes AitO irretrievably fall into the Schmaltz zone. Crusty manager George Knox (Danny Glover in a weary world, irritated) is difficult to sell, but when the team begins to win, he believes in Roger's angels, and soon Knox has Roger and his lovely buddy and friend JP (adorable Milton Davis Jr.) in each Angels game, luckily. Knox even begins to temper his temperaments and blasphemous language to appease the angels, as for the children's good, causing a funny moment when he begins to dress the referee in the usual way, but begins to edit as he goes on. Predictable obstacles are foreseen, such as the unpleasant Ranch Wilder athlete (Jay O. Sanders), who tries to trouble Knox because of the angle of the angel. Sure, it all works well for our heroes in the end, but they are so damn nice that you do not mind! :-) Brody has some good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem on football), and a sweet piece in which a pretty blonde angel rubs his arms before going to the bat. Brody is not the only future star in the composition of AitO: his team mates are Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course the young Gordon-Levitt played in the third part of ROCK FROM THE SUN on TV, and in movies like 10 THINGS I hate you. Always entertaining winners Taylor Negron and Oscar (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson provide support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for children and check out known young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do it well.
