Soon after "Match Point" (2005), a great, though somewhat recurring piece of "serious Woody", Scoop gives new hope to the small but hardened team of Allen supporters (among whom I count) that the champion once again found his form . A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in the bleak Melinda and Melinda (2004) and embarrassing Everything else (2003) aroused serious doubts that the next first comedy Woody, with or without their own participation as an actor, was on the cards. Luckily, the cards turn out to be a Tarot deck that serves as a clever Magbagin Scoop and presents an optimistic reading for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody's tutorial - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is here inspired by a little self-discipline, as well as the humble recognition that he can no longer play romantic tracks with young enough women to be his daughters or granddaughters. In Scoop, Allen cleverly attributes the role of Sid Waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and a tired stage patch, who, like Woody himself, brought his act to London, where the audience - if not more open - is at least more polite. Like Calvero in Limelight Chaplin (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen a chance for a slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has fallen and whose audience is no longer big or grateful. What's more, because they seem to have a character, Allen's ticks and long-lasting stuttering are less distracting than at any given time. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character also works nicely on the story. His false magic box dissolves the body to become an ironically probable place for Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) visits, a notorious journalist muckraker and a recent victim of cardiac arrest. Introduced on the ferry to Hades in the Styx River, Strombel jumps on the ship many times because it simply can not rest in eternity without passing the last "measure" on the identity of the notorious "Tarot killer". Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to the Waterman magic show, and the only guide to his hot leadership turns out to be a licencjat journalism, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called from the audience as a comical ass for the culminating mage trick. Sondra enthusiastically seizes the journalistic opportunity and draws in the unwilling Waterman to investigate the role of her millionaire's father. As shown in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the jocular game between her and Allen is very funny - and the more that never threatens to become a prelude to romance. <br /> <br /> The Scoop serial killer story, which includes the horrific murders of prostitutes and the main aristocratic suspect Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the predictable result of Sabbath Allen's long stay in London monuments and knowledge of Jack the Ripper. Still other aspects of Scoop (from Match Point) also result from Woody's late meeting with English culture. His class structure, manners, idiom, outfit, architecture and, yes, peculiar driving habits give Woody new, new material for sharp observation of human behavior and sharp social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to get entangled in Peter Lyman in a cunning private club, Waterman notes, "from his point of view, we are scum." A large dose of humor is also aroused by British social customs that encounter the insistent plebeianism of the Jewish Waterman. And then, of course, there is a funny exit from Waterman in a smart car that he can not remember to drive on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As always, Allen's humor in Scoop involves heavy doses of jokes, taking the form of cunning allusions to film and literary sources, and, to an increasing extent, references to his own filmography. In addition to ubiquitous references to Jack the Ripper, for example, the soundtrack of the film is dominated by the arrangement of the Grieg's Hall of the Mountains, compulsively whistled by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer. The funeral meeting of journalists who discuss the feats of the late deceased Joe Strombla is clearly imitated by Broadway opening Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of Death as a character (along with his singular voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as the character's name, and mention of Adair University ("Harry's alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). What's more, the systematic use of Greek mythology in a cruise on the river in Hades resembles the use of the Greek gods and choir in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> When it comes to quotes, Allen's scripts rely less on one-liniaki than before in their career, but Scoop provides at least some unforgettable ones. When asked about his religion, Waterman replies: "I was born in Hebrew persuasion, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra interrupts what Waterman wants to detect delinquently: "If we connect our heads, you will hear a blank sound." In conclusion, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy of Woody Allen for a decade.
