First of all, let me comment that the audience liked the first moment. Perhaps current events in the Middle East prompted people to take the attitude: "I came to a comedy, and George will like it." but for some reason everyone seemed really comedic. In the last few years Woody tried to make a simple comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending). I felt that the monolayers felt tense and a bit outdated. I remember once thinking, "That would be fun in the early sixties." So, getting into this movie, I was afraid that Woody would become deaf, but in this case his comic sensitivity was in perfect shape. It must be admitted that there were a lot of my AARP colleagues in the show, but there were also a lot of 20-year-olds and 30-year-olds, and everyone seemed to understand this and gave up their occasional laughter on their stomachs and numerous. guffaws, giggles and the like. In many cases, the laugers laughed so loudly that you missed another line. <br /> <br /> Thematically Woody roamed the familiar land. As I suspected in the trailer, this movie had many secrets of murder in Manhattan, but on the other hand, there was more than the stink of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a small tribute to Broadway Danny Rose in the same beginning. <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the film, Scarlett, as Sondra, was sometimes Woody's agent, but her character was far from Nebbish, for example Will Ferrell gave us Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried Celebrity. Instead of archetypical ticks and idiosyncrasies, Sondra's foolishness comes directly from the story of the family she shares at the beginning. On many occasions, the "family business" leads her to the malapropisms we receive as the audience, while the characters on the screen may perceive them as strange non-sequences. Because we are all jokes, we can not help laughing. But laughter does not come from Woody's nebbish recognition, but from the character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow, Scarlett does not have to use Woody's voice to induce Woody's role. So we do not seem to be torn out of the narrative when Woodie's voice suddenly emerges from the face of someone else. <br /> <br /> As my friend said on the way out, Sid, a character played by Woody, is a supportive role, but more on stage than I had hoped. However, this time Woody apparently wrote a character that really suits his current character. Unlike his sage Ed Dobel in Anything Else or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, this time the character is comfortable. More importantly, this time the character works in history. In the raised vertebrae in which they are found, it is even more fish from the water than Scarlett, which is used for the wonderful comedy effect. Sid is a declining, itinerant mage playing for small audiences, but the fact that he comes from a different age is placed at the forefront and center of our pleasure. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? And what about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the song. I especially liked the short but effective McShane corners. Jackman is the enchanting ease of "Old Money," which was so often depicted in films from 50 years ago. (Echoes of the classes from Purple Rose of Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So what did I think? A short answer, perhaps his best simple comedy since 1994, "Bullets Over Broadway." Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite. Less corrosive than Deconstructing Harry. Less forced than a little time Cheat or Hollywood ends. Woody finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
