Greetings from the dark again. You remember all "What happened to Woody Allen?" Jokes? Even Mr. Allen was playing with fans who wanted him to continue creating his "fun" movies. As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft evolved over the years and lost some fans while others raised. Last year's "Matchpoint" masterpiece showed that it is still as important and poignant as in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". The most striking for us 40-year-old fans is that New York itself seems to have a little love in his homeland. Apparently he really likes England !! During the filming of "Matchpoint" Allen fell in love with Scarlett Johansson and her true spirit of life and sense of humor. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy for years. Scarlett, risking excessive exposure, must be acknowledged for not only choosing movies that throw her into some great light. He is not afraid to look and behave like a real person. In "Scoop" he flashes real comedic chops on the screen, and in many scenes he delivers a real punch to the simple man Mr. Allen. Of course, every time Mr. Allen decides to stand in front of the camera, he'll get more than just part of his contributions and social comments - which is okay, because few do it better. <br /> <br /> Very nice support from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Jackman gives some information about why many of us considered him the best choice to replace Brosnan with a new Bond. As with most Allen films, the screenplay is the star, not the actors. Although Scarlett looks great here and is a nice contrast to polished Allen and Jackman, this one crack is a dialogue ... especially the teasing of Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big Woody fan, do not be scared. It limits its time on the screen and is quite effective, except for two or three short scenes that seem out of place. Another Woodman tradition is the shiny musical background, and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the composition of Strauss. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a nice intersection of "Annie Hall" and the best Marx brothers movies or comedies of Cary Grant. Yes, it's an adult comedy, but in fact it's very cute ... especially for serial killer and ghost comedy!
