I was lucky that I got a free pass for the screening of the movie "Scoop" last night. A full house in the theater and when the movie ended, spontaneous applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like the "Scoop", although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and fidgeted uncomfortably for most of the movie. But they were an exception, because everyone, including me, really enjoyed themselves. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a quick murder mystery. A young journalism student unconsciously maneuvers her forces beyond her control, trying to catch a serial killer in the wild. Lots of hijinks arise when he collaborates with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a ruffled and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. This is not his best job, but it is very pleasant and light. I would say it fits quite comfortably into the average Woody Allen movie in the middle of the package. If you're a fan of Woody Allen, you'll probably have fun. If you are indifferent to his work, then "Scoop" may be enough to interest you more. I do not think that anyone who does not like his film and acting style has changed his mind. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we're used to, though it borders dangerously close to the compulsion and advantage in this movie. While it may potentially make some people who want to hurry up and simply spit out these words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good results in my opinion, although I found myself missing Ian McShane, who is perfect, and not in the camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found a new star to work at Scarlett Johansson. I think that thanks to "Match Point" this is their second pair and is just magical with the material that gives her Woody. It can be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I am glad that I saw this movie and I strongly recommend it. A more sophisticated comedy than "Scary Movie 4" movies, so if your comedy brand is second and not the first, "Scoop" is probably not for you. If you like class, sophistication and fun, "Scoop" is for you. Probably not Woody Allen's film, which I would introduce to the novice, but everyone else should try.
