"Scoop" is also the name of the novel by Evelyn Waugh from the late 1930s, and Woody Allen's new film, though set today, has nostalgic charm and simplicity. There is no depth of characterization, intense performances, tension or shocking finale of Allen's penultimate effort "Match Point" (argued by many, including this reviewer to be a strong return to form), but "Scoop" is very similar to Allen's last performance in focus on English aristocrats, elegant London apartments, murders and detection. This time Woody leaves the genre of the murder arriving and returns to comedy, and is back on the screen as a nice vaudeville, the mage called Sid Waterman, screenwriter The Great Splendini, who counteracts some "probing" snobs, used to be a Hebrew persuasion, but when I've grown old, I've converted to narcissism. " After a revelation in the middle of the standard dematerializing act of Splendini, in which Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) volunteered, the unmatched couple are caught up in a dead-end English journalist attempt to get the last message. On the edge of Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met with the shadow of secretary son Lord Lyman, who says she was poisoned and told him that the charming aristocratic son Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the murderer of the Tarot Card, a serial murderer from London. Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateurs. With Sida's murderous joke and the clumsy beauty of Sondra, they cut a quick step into the cream of the London aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody does not strike her young musical heroine - as in "Match Point", Johansson again - as in the past. This time Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and a would-be movie star. Surprisingly turned into a bizarre, with glasses, but still pretty. Sid and Sondra have no flirting, which is a great relief. They simply join, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wishes, making friends with Lyman and watching him in search of his guilt. With minimal protests, Sid agrees to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who charmed Peter pretending to drown in her club pool, got baptized in Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, ie Woody, breaks the cover, doing card tricks, but plays with them in poker and beats his husbands in poker, spitting out a single liner non-stop and keeping all the time, apparently successfully, that he is in oil and metals noble, as Jade told him. <br /> <br /> It's all you can say without breaking history, revealing its result. At the beginning, Allen's decision to make Johansson a gay, naively honest and ill-dressed college girl, seems not only unpleasant but also a bad decision. But Johansson, who is an actress and a miracle, manages to do it, thanks to Jackman, an actor who knows how to make every actress look desirable if she wants her. The film actually creates a sense of relationship to make up for a limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra spar in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a credible attraction, although it is artificial and tainted (after all, she goes to bed with a suspicious killer maniac). <br /> <br /> What hurts a bit is that Allen is again salivating over English wealth and class, it seems that his surroundings from Brooklyn have left him, despite all his fame, with an irresistible desire for. Jackman is an impressive guy, charming and delightful. His parents were English. But is this athletic music comedy star born in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine ") really going to be an aristocrat? Maybe only in movies (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not as strong a movie as "Match Point", but the statement that he is a loser, as some viewers are quite bad. There is no more depth than a half hour radio drama or television program, but Woody's jokes are much more fun and original than in such media, and sometimes show a return to old wit and cunning. It does not matter if the movie is stupid or spinning when it changes entertainment for the summer. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. The whole beautifully evokes the time when film comedies were really light escapist entertainment, without primitive jokes and bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics will be happy to tell you that this is a return to the fall of Allen preceding the "Match Point". Do not believe them. He does not try too hard. Why should he? He may be 70 years old, but he is still light on his feet. And his body also moves very fast.
