I really did not watch the show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced her ears with Stephanie. when I started high school in 2000. I had problems all over high school and I would rather not do it. but I always watched the bell, but this show really reminded me of problems I had to deal with at school, and rarely showed my parents' children. recorded by the bell is fine, but it is not a good family show. a few days after graduating from high school in 2004. I turned the TV on to the family channel and became addicted to the whole house day after day. I could even press the information button and see the year in which it appeared, and remember what I was doing during this period. the episode was soon to appear and was titled "birthday of blues" and to this day it is the most favorite episode, it is sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way that she does not play in other episodes, she really shows her serious side . I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wanted to somehow have a document and some comments from cast members. I do not know why some people hate this series because you do not see trash or violence at this concert. and for those who hate this show, I am praying for you, because you could grow up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but the full house in my opinion is a family living in heaven, where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so amazing. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good and he is always in a good mood. When I was a kid, I was once like Jesse and he is the first actor on television as a guy who is obsessed with hair. somehow you can say that DJ is a girl from California. I really like episodes with Kimmy Gibbler, because it always makes me smile and light up my day when I watch her. and Stephanie is so nice. I also find it difficult to tell the Olsen twins separately. I want my children to watch it one day. but full house is my favorite show # 1, and Sabrina's teenage witch is my favorite. one day, before I die, I would personally meet the entire cast of a full house. the first 3 seasons are a bit boring, but they start to improve in the fourth season. I just wanted them to do the 9th season. they stopped producing full house in 1995, and in autumn 1996 Sabrina appeared, a teenage witch (which is a similar family show), but full house is a very nice show and they have their good and bad times, and yes, I understand if your wild, shoddy type, you will hate this performance, but it is a show of happiness and it is also a moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good for children, but around the fourth and fifth season, DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I noticed, not only in full house, but in many programs, never talk about problems in the world and politics, such as when the full house was in the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombardment of Oklahoma City in 1995. they never mentioned it. also Steve was my favorite DJ boy, the ones with Viper and Nelson were not very interesting. but I think the 5th and 6th season is the best. I just wanted them to do the ninth season, because it left a big question mark in my head because in the last episode the DJ has a suprise and goes to the ball with his ex-boyfriend Steve, I always wondered if they would come back together. and I liked how DJ was always responsible in the last seasons, and stephanie always wanted to do something bold, like in the episode "Wild Horse Stephanie"
