Thanks to Jymn Magon for creating the best 2 Disney cartoons in history. This program has improved a lot over the years. As a child, I did not like it because I thought it was a rip off Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney theme at the time (like Grandmoffromero). Then later it was good, but not great. But after reading the review here, I decided to give him another chance and I bought a DVD set and watched the pilot the first day I got it, and I was very pleasantly surprised. It is still my favorite episode, although the series has met this requirement. At the end of the first album, I knew that it would be the best ten. <br /> <br /> Characters are so complex and cute. Wildcat is my favorite. It is absolutely hilarious and sweet. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show. I understand why ol Jymn built a program around him. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best coverage from the series. Then Louie. Jim Cummings perfectly impersonated the original voice. Rebecca after him. She made me laugh quite strongly and I believe that she and Baloo finally got married. And finally (for heroes), Molly. Although she is my least favorite, I still like her. I think she is a very charming character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the black characters were very original. Don Karnage and his air pirates always blow me down, Kahn is cold and ruthless, and Thembrians are always at least funny. <br /> <br /> As previously stated, stories range from funny (Time is waiting for the Bear, Red Chimp's Romance), like touching (The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), to funny, fun and exciting adventures (In search of Ancient Blunders and my favorite For Whom the Bell Klangs). These are just some of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is the best Disney, in addition to Gummi Bears. GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS did not have enough of Wildcat. But in the end, Talespin remains a classic. BOTTOM LINE - 10/10 6 the best cartoon ever.
