If you are watching this program for the first time, you may start to wonder if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Funny dialogue? Plots that seem to have depth for them, even creating an atmosphere of tension and drama? I mean, it's a show for children from a consortium? This is the same place that brought children such drek as "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (please note that three of the above-mentioned titles are a fatal Japanese export, courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you're just trying a little quality tariff that was available to children at the turn of the 80's and 90's. Some examples of this period are "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (the cartoon should NOT be confused with the live show in Fox). In addition to these first-rate examples, Disney also returned to children's syndicated programs, creating a band called "The Afternoon Afternoon." In addition to the stupid show called "The Gummi Bears", early shows such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers", gave faith to Disney animation teams, which also won theater classics like "The Little Mermaid" "Beauty and the Beast", "Rescuers Down" and "The Great Mouse Detective". But above all, these wonders shine "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour ride and won Emmy. To my delight, the rest of the episodes were on par with the promise of the premiere. <br /> <br /> While I like threads and dialogue, characters are the biggest attraction for me. She is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still fallible; Kit Cloudkicker, full of anxiety and optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty in the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and witty, but with some depth, which most children's characters do not have, and of course in the middle of it all, is Baloo, which I would describe as the slobby of James Bond. This is because whenever problems arise, Baloo saves the day with his more elegant and fastest Sea Duck (read: Aston Martin James Bond). Of course, every great performance must have great villains, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From megalomania businesstiger Shere Kahn, to the vain and always-wailing air pirate, Don Karnage, to the comical and inefficiently irish soviets. The animation is good, the music is right, and the episodes are (for me) the most wonderful programming that children have ever had to offer. Great fun for the whole family!
