This movie is about Joseph Smith, what he says and what the LDS church believes. With all the current media coverage about some fugitives, people mistook the LDS church with the FLDS church and criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS church, but media groups around the world have asked for comments about Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the film at all, but I think it's ironic that this movie about all points about Joseph also points to the few members of the FLDS Church and their leader in the media world. This is a movie about Józef Smith and the great one. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are presented in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. The views and opinions of Jeffs are very different from the views of Joseph Smith and the LDS Church, and this is evident in this film. Jeffs considers the Negro the devil. Joseph Smith knew that they were children of God and he gave up his wife's favorite horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown homework for his wife Emma and is criticized by the member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in the next life if he decides not to stay with her husband, and performing duties is a way to help and nurture your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamists to his knees in front of a class full of students, grabbing her braid and twisting it painfully until she knelt down. Finally, Joseph participated in law enforcement and was always looking for help from the government. Jeffs slaps his nose into the row and runs away all the time. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and believe in the LDS church, this is a film that you can see. And if you mistook the LDS Church with the FLDS church, you really have to connect. We are not much different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and the family, as well as patriot for our homeland and country. We are all different, just as you can find various Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. Our message and what we represent are important. This movie tries to illustrate it, but there is so much of Joseph's life that he can not be walked around in a mere 2-hour movie. It was a really great performance.
