Somewhere in the bottom part of the film studio ladder, you can find companies such as UFOs, Troms, and under them the Seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct film production company specializing in lesbian, non-hardcore erotic cinema. She created a very dedicated base of fans who buy each new title as they are released, but unfortunately the company has become too close to the frequent star Misty Mundae. I'm talking with sadness, because the recent mainstream interest and its appearance in the Masters of Horrors series made it set slightly higher goals than S.C's budget efforts, which force the company to find a new identity. But in glory times, they released this film in a very appreciated world. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of her absent father. At school, he meets his absurdly hot roommate played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately has designs but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical style of S.C, the movie stops every ten minutes on the expanded sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this one has a somewhat interesting story and some good performances. It seems that Mrs. Larocca has a great time as a sexual predator who considers Misty a tasty meal, and Darian Caine seems welcome (though brief) as Satan. This is a movie that Jess Franco would make in the 1970s (although this one does not have hardcore sex, which Franco always wanted to throw into foreign sales), and fans of this madman's work would be wise to give it a go. <br /> <br /> For me, as a longtime cinema lover without a budget (and a Troma worshiper), I came across Seduction movies through their parody movies (Playmate of the apeses, Who wants to be an erotic billionaire), but I really prefer their more original work. Either you see a low budget, sometimes poor acting, or postpone these things and you just hate all those movies. For me, the most obvious thing that connects these non-budget movies is a real sense of fun. These low-budget companies are able to create their own, unique style, which gives the viewer something completely different from the nondescript, according to numbers, studio efforts that load multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a seduction movie or Sin Sisters (with both of the Mundae sisters), it's a great choice. This is a fun, fast movie (although the frequent external scenes in school are getting old), and the DVD is completely filled with extras, including a lot of announcements from other company offers, great feature films and some of the removed scenes, including an alternative opening. I recommend transferring the bonus feature of the album, the director's first film, because it is quite weak and not worth watching.
