This highly striking, often brutal western in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition is surprisingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose previous westerns (especially those starring John Wayne) were mainly in the mode of John Ford. It is both surprisingly traditional (good guys / bad guys) and incredibly up to date. <br /> <br /> Heston introduces the former Arizona Territorial Police Captain, who has been retiring for a year now and has been handed over to the chiefs of law enforcement bodies for reform (Michael Parks) and found ways to enforce the law taken over by cars, telegraphs, telephones and railway in the first years of the twentieth century. But he soon faces a threat from his past - a half-breed outlaw (Coburn), who put off more than a decade earlier for a train robbery that killed four guards. During the next shooting, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn goes on the most nasty revenge. It includes kidnapping and ultimately rape on Heston's daughter (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a strained and violent chase in the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> THE LAST HARD MEN, based on the Brian Garfield novel "Gun Down", is plummeting in many places, including the competition between Heston and Coburn, and a rape scene involving Hershey and two Coburn gang members (Quade, Paull) are probably as doubtful as similar scenes in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But this does not diminish the psychological approach to the western genre. McLaglen is able to cope with a bloody story with a significant impetus, and Heston's performance as an aging lawyer was probably the best he has ever given in one of the 70's films. Coburn makes it hard in cold blood, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (as the intended husband of Hershey) also make good returns. The music here comes from the scores of Jerry Goldsmith to 100 RIFLES and the remake STAGECOACH from 1966, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Wisely filmed completely in place in southeastern Arizona and using the Old Tucson set, THE LAST HARD MEN must soon be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD. It's a western that deserves nothing less.
