A young attorney from London, Arthur Kidd, is sent to the small coastal town of Crythin Gifford to oversee the estate of the recently deceased widow, Mrs. Drablow. During her funeral, a mysterious lady in black is paying attention. Apparently, Drablow lived in solitude, and the locals were silent about her. Then he goes to the residence of Mrs. Drablow, to which you can only reach the causeway through the swamp at low tide. There, he again meets a woman in black in the cemetery behind the house, and things start to be frightening, because terrible noises start to come out of the swamps. Now things Mrs. Drablow and listening to her dairy records help Kidd understand this grim mystery that the locals are afraid to talk about. <br /> <br /> Often regarded by horror fans as one of the most chilling ghost stories ever and I can see their meaning. But only in doses he draws from the tag. Yes, from what you can collect, I was left with "little" prompting, even though I really liked it. I expected goose bumps in the whole function, but that's probably it? expecting. I had a similarly similar reaction with the 1980 Changeling thriller. When you hear so many good things, sometimes it's hard not to get caught. <br /> <br /> In any case, what the British presentation of "The Woman in Black" is really calling for is a truly old fashion, slow-burning chilling message driven by its moody location, disturbing atmosphere and first-class performances . He subtly covers the psychologically thrilling story (adapted to the novel by Susan Hill of the same title), because the simple mystery really opens up in a depressingly tragic tone and successfully characterizes her character. It seems that it does not happen much and may feel drawn, but the fragile randomness will surprise him. When the camera focuses on a lady in black. The one who most often appears as a background figure is in the end terrifying. It may not appear that much, but when will it? Talk about anxiety! This also applies to this unsuccessful application. Pauline Moran, who plays a black woman, competently leads us to nervousness only because of her emaciated appearance and sudden arrangement. A pale appearance and these manners just haunt you. She is a ghost with whom you do not want to cross paths, but she lets you see her yourself. The successful performance of the wonderfully romantic Adrian Rawlins, as the lawyer of Arthur Kidd, keeps it all together. Strong returns are supported by Bernard Hepton, David Daker, Clare Holman and David Ryall. <br /> <br /> Attracting yourself to its lush dark village and misty coastal locations adds more to the realistically amazing situation, and the central element was everything develops in an abandoned, damaged Victorian home that suffocates the air with constant fear. Director Herbert Wise carefully fabricates disturbing images that slowly cover one secret piece at a time in a smoothly paved rhythm of well thought-out invention. Instead of shocking us, some scenes contain a disturbing intensity that does not let us go. The sound effects are masterfully used, by surrounding and disorientation of the air. The frightening musical score Rachel Portman knows how to get under your skin in these amazing moments, and then stay with you. <br /> <br /> This rarity for television is a stimulating, rich and disturbing supernatural festival. He may not share many of the new features of this subspecies, but he competently sticks to his strengths to provide what counts in this curse.
