I was lucky enough to watch it without any initial hype. I was surprised by the resilience of the ghost image in my mind the next day and the next day. I watched it 3-4 times and I appreciate it even more. The settings are great, the city at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, long swamps, and the house itself is sufficiently moss-grown. The main character is so sympathetic and kind that it's easy to feel sorry for him. For a person who complained that there is not enough "spark" in this movie, I would say that this is because the whole struggle with the spirit is carried by this one person. It is quite a slow movie, with an amazing amount of time, before and after the ghost attack, to develop its character with family and professional life. Discussion SPOILERS / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he returns to the main city and meets a man who helps him and explains that he has seen the ghost. She describes the woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation she says she is coming back, because in the end, what harm did he do to him? The second man says: "you can not go back ... alone!" And lends his dog to the hero. The lovely little dog offers a small relief of comical relief, which is limited to the house and even to a closed room. <br /> <br /> Many random ghost performances have really scared me. The woman appears in the middle of the shot in the church, showing that she is not afraid of the church, and is also not shy or attached to the house. That's all at the beginning. Another unbelievably memorable scene was with the children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. When the camera moves to the right, the woman is seen in the background among the tombstones. An older man will not even look at it, but all the children shout and scoff. Crreeepy ... Usually, ghosts are hidden in shadows, haunting certain places or people. As already mentioned, the hostility and anger of the spirit are terrifying and I feel that his attacks and endings were perfect and fully justified. The conclusion was emphasized by the fact that the hero made a serious mistake by returning home. Or maybe he was marked regardless of everything, saving a Gypsy girl. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so trustworthy and really fulfills the role. I've heard about my friends about how much I liked the movie, and I will be encouraged to see that others feel the same. I see how people do not see the same masterpiece, especially if they have come into this with great popularity. <br /> <br /> I think another person summed it up when they said that this movie decided whether the ghosts could physically hurt a human. Whew .. I'm going to watch it tonight, then The Changeling, aaww yeah. Any other recommended movies? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
