New York, 1953. One famous night will meet four famous iconic figures. Professor (Albert Einstein) came to New York to give a speech that has a senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his back. Later, he gets an unexpected guest that night; famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss theories of relativity. Soon, her husband playing football (Joe DiMaggio) appears in a hotel room, begging him to arrange everything for their disintegrating relationship. Retrospectives of childhood, important events, perceived consequences of their actions sneak in to show how these people cope with despair and hidden fear waiting for an explosion. <br /> <br /> Now it's one of a kind! Adapted to the stage play of Terry Johnson (who would also write the script for the movie), "Nieznaczność" is a bizarre, bizarre, seductive and even interesting fictional pop culture in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and intellectual experimental effort can be rooted in the beginning of the stage game, because it makes a theatrical impression, and most of the action takes place in the hotel and one main apartment. The systolic appearance only strengthened the atmospheric and smoky atmosphere of New York. However, these limitations can not contain fruitful and bold ideas that Roeg manages to accidentally evoke visually and through significant material. The way in which he ponders characters (which are evocatively famous figures, without the need to name them), philosophical journeys and interpretations of their concepts is stimulating in a spiritual sense, with memories penetrating the present and visions showing their fears about realizations that depending on what you see is beautiful or haunted. There is plenty of food and guidance in the literally novel (if sometimes awkward) scenario, with the main emphasis on the current situation, but flashbacks give us a personal makeup (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) of what makes them who they are and how much weight it can be there, an already demanding life. Sure, history may not bring anything to the end, and may seem chaotic, but the dreamy atmosphere and intelligent arrangement make these folds not dizzy. The sensual, liquid photography of Peter Hannan and the thrilling blend soundtrack of Stanley Myers perfectly match the stylistic style directed by Roeg. It makes it look like it's working with something big and big, but otherwise it is not and a small little universe is created. Classic costumes and locations from this period are quite suitable. What made the film for me had to be an impressive game, which he bragged about in the four. The frightening, weird attraction of the sexy actress pin-up Theresa Russell is a growing portrait that definitely held the film together with the truly outstanding and endearing performance of Michael Emil as a professor. Tony Curtis is a great gambler because he is a witch-hunter, and Gary Busey is good enough on stoic gravel, like a football player. Performances in small but fun roles supporting this are Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A memorable striking, fresh and tour de force meditation piece of metaphysics combined with four different extremes. Some may consider it pretentiously strange and too talkative, but it made me pack in my own, unique world, to worry too much about its disadvantages.
