MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a hypnotic thriller from 1945. Authored by Joseph H. Lewis, probably one of the best directors of Hollywood movies noir. This 65-minute gothic freak out of Columbia Pictures came after Lewis long internships as helmsman of a series of poverty from the poverty line, the comedy of East Side Kids, horror melodrama (including the amazing bizarre shocker Bela Lugosi THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and the standard studio product B MYSTERIES OF CONTEMPORARY, BOMB OVER BURMA, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.) - all this prepared the scene rather nicely to what was supposed to come from the extremely talented and ingenious Mr. Lewis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (and also SO DARK THE NIGHT from the following year) introduced the director who mastered the rare and delicate art, telling a dark and fast exploring the story quickly and efficiently on the most modest budgets. Later Lewis's productions, such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure, were still based on skilful, clear work with the camera and effective lighting of the low key. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME JULIA ROSS probably owes more to the tradition of British secrets (embedded in studio England) than conventional movie attitudes and traps. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position at the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival she wakes from a deep sleep in a completely strange home and, mysteriously, with a completely new identity - a daughter-in-law of an old woman. Saying she has been the victim of a nervous breakdown, she is trying to understand the total and seemingly hopeless nature of her position. But he soon begins to lay out the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark secret that her "husband" (always dangerous George Macready) most likely murdered his real wife and that she was deceived to take part in a shocking and sinister scheme. Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest story is the indelible touch that Lewis brings to production, marking it as the first of his really serious ventures as a film director.
