I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg, and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a film version of Roegs' stage play, and while most of the film takes place in a hotel room, it still has several film flames of the Roegs. A very special story tells the story of the famous actress (Theresa Russell), who after heavy nights on film in 1954 goes to a hotel to visit the famous professor (Michael Emil) and talk in their hotel room together. After a moment, she wants to go to bed with him, but when they start to undress, her husband fights on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. Three of them in a hotel room talk about what is happening and what the future will bring. Meanwhile, the famous senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to take the professors' documents if he does not testify at the hearing. Theresa Russell is just perfect, and while she does not try to impersonate Marilyn Monroe, she does a great job, emitting phobias and nuances, of which Monroe is very well known. One thing the film does is show it as not only a woman on the verge of a mental breakdown, but also show her as a physical wreck. He says he can not have children, and at some point in the film he suffers from a miscarriage. You can prove that this is Russell's best performance and I probably will not argue. The film does an interesting thing in showing many flashbacks, because the heroes are still talking about one thing, and in retrospect we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also gives a good, solid performance and reminds me of the strong personality on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character who has many more things on his mind than we initially thought. The last scene in this movie is a show of its darker side! One of the main attractions of the film is a small conversation with a man from the elevator (Will Sampson from "Cuckoo's Nest") and discuss what Cherokee Indians think all the time. But of course the famous scene in this movie is the place where Russell demonstrates to Emil how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The professor is delighted with her demonstration and we too! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and perform an admirable job when they are in collaboration and this is probably their best movie together. Good performances and very interesting directing work make it a difficult and visually provocative movie.
