Italy has produced many really great and original horrors in the 1960s - and that is certainly one of them! The first thing you will notice in Danse Macabre is the style of the film. Filmed in beautiful black and white, thanks to lighting director Antonio Margheriti; the film almost looks like a German expressionistic horror movie. This, in combination with a horror-filled feature line, ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that really captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not matter - and the good news continues, because in this film she stresses the actor's muscles more than in the films that made her famous. The plot is very aware of the time it was released, and contains the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe and Lord Blackwood himself, that he can not spend all night in his horrible old castle. Everyone who spent the night there, died ... and our hero is going to meet the previous players! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror movies do not focus so much on every shot, and as a result, there is not much beauty in the genre. It's refreshing to see this movie. Many photos here are amazingly beautiful - from the feminine side of the pair wearing only a transparent skirt to my favorite - a shot of smoke sneaking in from under the door. This is my first film, Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing it; it is obvious that he was one of the main directors of Italy. It is also interesting that the script was written jointly by another Italian masters; The creator of Django Sergio Corbucci. A conspiracy can sometimes be a bit too much, but there is always enough atmosphere to make sure that the movie never gets boring - and the fact that it is always intriguing, even when slowing down the story, provides the same. The way Danse Macabre uses the "haunted house" theme is both well done and original, and helps keep history as amazing as possible. Generally fans of Italian and / or iconic cinema will not want to miss this little gem!
