I saw the movie initially as a boy in the old Rialto theater as part of the Saturday triple evening account, in which he also appeared on Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bavy's "Nightmare Castle". I had nightmares about lust for blood for a week later! Although I did not know at the time, all three films will be classics of this genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three of my films were terrifying, it was Castle of Blood, which had the biggest impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first on the bill. I did not see him from the very beginning because we were late to the cinema and we missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. This is a lot to lose because the edited printout only lasted about 79 minutes (unedited work lasts 87 minutes). But despite this dark, terrifying atmosphere (full of destroyed castles, cemeteries with fog, shadows and cobwebs), gothic scenery, strong acting and tension (especially over the last 20 minutes) scared me and made a lasting impression It took me years before I finally got a copy film for my collection. Because it was a Franco-Italian import, it was not a movie that appeared at a late concert in Winnipeg. I could not remember the title (remember that I did not see the beginning of the movie and was scared), and worse, the movie was released under a dozen different film titles (aka Danze Macabre, Coffin of Terror, Castle of Terror, Long Night of Terror, etc. ...) and the working title USA / UK "Castle of Blood" was very general, similar to dozens of other "b" movies of horror and suspense, creating it deceptive. But thanks to the internet and perseverance I found it in the end! What a treat to finally watch a movie after all these years! Perhaps he did not have such an emotional impact, as it was when I was a boy, but as the movies from the haunted house say, it looks good and performs well compared to similar cult films from that period, such as "The Haunting", " Innocents "" or "Black Sunday" The film is a great early effort of Italian director Antonio Margheriti. There is a queen of screams from the 1960s, Barbara Steele, and a well-written script by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, assuming, spends the night in a haunted house and without suspicion becomes part of an annual, ghostly story. Hypnotic Steele is well manned as a ghostly interest in love - like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. <br /> <br /> Many of the tricks that Margheriti uses to create the amazing atmosphere of the film (spiderwebs, creaking doors, fog, etc.) certainly seem contemporary to the stereotype, but work much more effectively in black and white than ever before modern color. Instead of using the number of bodies and special effects, the film creates horror in a former way, based on good history, stylish direction, great production of scenography, interesting work with the camera and strong acting performances. Margheriti does a great job of taking these elements and building the tension of the film, when the terrifying paranormal secret of the house gradually reveals itself to the involuntary writer. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without flaws. The tempo goes on at the beginning of the movie (ironic, 20 minutes, which I originally missed). This is probably aggravated by the effort of Synapse movies to restore the movie to its original length. Although fans will probably appreciate the chance to restore the movie - in terms of intro - it may be more of an obstacle than help. English voice dubs are simply passable, and in the restored scenes, the language changes from English to French (provided English subtitles), which will certainly be annoying for some viewers. <br /> <br /> Synapse Films, however, deserves recognition for the quality of printing. Apparently, a little effort was put into his restoration and deservedness. <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed the movie and I highly recommend it to movie lovers from the 60-year-old goth from Italy or anyone who likes a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
