If you're a fan of gothic horror, you certainly have the absolute guarantee of LOVE in this great Italian film from the 1960s, "Castle of Blood". We're really talking about creaking doors, amazing portraits that seem to move, spontaneously dying candlelight, although there is no wind or smoke under the heavy wooden doors of the chamber. Speaking of atmosphere and style, this master piece of gothic filming is one of the best; only one small league landmark, such as "Black Sunday", "Three faces of fear" and "The curse of a crying woman". The outstanding duo of directors Sergio Corbucci ("Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including the powerful plot (which really evokes a nightmare), extremely sinister landscapes and the place of filming, stylish black and white photography, chilling music and a brilliant meeting of talented performers. Barbara Steele, a star of the previously mentioned "Black Sunday" and the Italian Gothic number one, again shines brightly as a spiritually tormented character and is literally surrounded by wonderful co-hosts. One of them, Silvano Tranquilla, even gives a fairly credible picture of the author Edgar Allan Poe. History is associated with him and another rich guest of a village tavern calling for a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid establishment. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? will survive one night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, receive an amazing $ 10 prize and an interview with the Poe newspaper. Needless to say, a gehenna is much more dangerous than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster who is unfaithful in ghosts and vampires. The night begins great for him, because he even meets a stunningly beautiful woman in his dreams, but gradually learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of previously dead guests are imprisoned for all eternity. I do not know about you, but it's seriously one of my favorite horror movie locations of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was clearly proud of this film because he himself reworked it a few years later as "Web of the Spider". This film had a handful of trumps, such as casting no less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but overall this original is much better. "Castle of Blood" literally exudes atmosphere and maintains a completely disturbing atmosphere. It's really one of the rare movies that can make hair on your shoulders and back of your neck grow with fear if you look at it in the right circumstances. Watch him late at night, preferably alone and in a room with candles, and you will learn about the true definition of horror.
