"Danza Macabra" Antonio Margheriti aka. "Castle of Blood" from 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly haunting masterpiece of the Italian Gothic horror and after "La Maschera Del Demonio" Mario Bavy ("Black Sunday") from 1960 and "Pit And The Pendulum" by Roger Corman from 1961 (with attended by the great Vincent Price) another must-see that brought Barbie Steele's great deserved fame as the most important female Horror icon in movie history. But the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele is not only one of my favorite actresses of all time, but the screenplay for the film "Danza Macabra" was a co-author of no less than the film genius of Sergio Corbucci, who directed such brilliant milky spikes as "Django" (1966) and "Great silence" (1968). Number 2 in Italy (right after Mario Bawie), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the masters of all time Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Almost no other movie works so great in creating an incredibly haunted, but beautiful atmosphere, as in the case of this terrifying masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous writer on wonderful macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a dark London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman that he can not spend the night in his haunted castle on the night of the vigil of all souls. As soon as Foster enters an amazing castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, he meets a charming inhabitant of the castle, the stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). Mysterious events, so far, were just a premonition of horror, which carries a castle ... <br /> <br /> The amazing surroundings of the castle would be enough to create a gloomy mood, perfect black and white photos and the excellent result of Riza Ortolani create an amazing atmosphere, which is amazing and incomparable. The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as usual, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to combine stunning beauty with the amazing, as is the case with Steele, and no actress will ever be. In addition to Steele, the film cast also includes other stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and also provides a great performance. George Rivière's performance as Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele Provides one of her best performances, photos and locations are beautifully haunted by comparison, the atmosphere is amazingly amazing ... The film is just an excellent atmosphere, gothic beauty and the art of terror. In a nutshell: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and finest gothic horrors ever created, and no one interested in this genre can be missing! 10/10
