Today, actresses eagerly take on weight, dye their hair, dress like slobas and lose their shine to the role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who initiated this trend. Even as a pretty young woman who sometimes wore branded Constance Bennett clothes and make-up in movies, Davis was willing to ravage himself to create a figure both outside and inside. <br /> <br /> Her determination is widely demonstrated in her film "Of Human Bondage," in which she performs with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, the bizarre, manipulative, greedy, low masochistic life of Philip Howard. He first meets her when she is a waitress, and she lets him take her for dinner and the theater while she is arguing with a rich older man (Alan Hale Sr.). In truth, Mildred is pushed back by Filip's club foot. For his part, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of her open flirtation and coldness towards him. He lets Mildred bleed him financially between the guys who drop her when he's tired of her, while he blows up a pair of really beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he gets the urge to throw it away, Mildred destroys his apartment and robs him, forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his flat. <br /> <br /> "Of Human Bondage" looks pretty slim today. Although Leslie Howard was a great actor and attractive, his acting style is a more formal old school, and as a result he has a tendency to contract anything he finds himself in. After "or" The Petrified Forest "that require his technique. His outdated acting is even more obvious here because Davis created a new ground with a sharp, sharp performance that would really give it a name. If she sometimes appears to be at the top, she left the stage, and the subtleties of acting will appear later. The contrast of this performance with the moderation, warmth and gentleness of her Henriette in "All This, and Heaven Too" or pathos, which she introduced to "Dark Victory". She was a real actress and a real artist. Davis really lets himself look like a holy hell; Deterioration of Mildred is absolutely pathetic, because Philip seems to gain strength when her spirit fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent movie in which you can see the flourishing of one of the biggest movie stars.
