Reading websites about Bette Davis, you can find cases in which the authors claim that there is nothing special about her acting. I even found a website that claimed that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her happiness. But Davis' films from 1934 speak quite the contrary. The most obvious example are two films that she did only a few weeks apart: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. Characters she played in these films, although both are negative, are completely different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful, charming and frivolous heiress and much more likeable character than Mildred in the latter, who is a pale, uneducated and bold Cockney waitress. Needless to say, Mrs. Davis played both characters very authentically and with the same enthusiasm. But even that's not all. The point is that the previous role that would be desired by most actresses that day was the one she was forced to play. This last role, which seemed to most actresses as an undesirable, destructive career, was the one she had fought viciously for months. And it is this last role that initiated her among the greatest stars. There is no doubt, then, that Mrs Davis knew what she was doing from the beginning. <br /> <br /> The film tells about medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), who unfortunately falls in love with the waitress Cockney Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has several weekly points, but many stronger ones. The story is simply too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, it is not clear why a sophisticated student has found any interest in a cheeky waitress. Well, there is one scene where we are exposed to the enchanting eyes of Mrs. Davis, but that's when his emotions are fully developed. Nevertheless, the integrity of the story is preserved by the actor's supervisor from Howard and Davis, as well as by the fantastic music of Steiner, which tells tons of emotions, even when we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is connected to Phillip's walking sequences, showing it at the back, complemented by trembling, two-color repetitions. Every detail is thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful theme for every woman in the life of Phillip, who is consistently used in the film. The beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I have ever seen because of the breathtaking beauty of Francis Dee (Mrs. Dee was considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with the wind), and also stealing music from Steiner. Camera movements between some of the scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my biggest objection is that the events are presented too two-dimensional, which prompts the viewer that Mildred is the ultimate whore. The most disgusting characters should be men who will lure her into a relationship, even though they know that after using her they will abandon her, but interestingly, they ended her as nice characters. In the end Mildred always - in his own but still honest - allows Phillip to know that he despises him and is not interested in him. Which I just do not want to hear. This is Phillips' masochistic nature associated with his club foot and infantile experiences that are the main cause of his love problem. He is a slave to his club foot just like Mildred, and he must be free from both to start a normal life. Of course, selfish and insolent Mildred, after the discovery of Phillip's voluntary slavery, he did his part to make his life a living hell. Even considering she exploded after realizing that the slavery had relaxed, it is not clear why she would have to burn Phillip's money (Maugham intended otherwise in his novel). In the end, she could steal her and drink some gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the movie is a bit outdated, but every time you watch it, you can discover new interesting details thanks to better acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible rating.
