This adaptation of the novel by Somerset Maugham from 1934 put Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. She could have won an Oscar for her performance, but the movies were borrowed, so her studio did not pressure her. Its operation in this does not meet the current standards. As a soulless waitress who tugs Filip, a sensitive medical student, and almost destroys his life, Davis is too piercing, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually made good performances of his actresses, maybe he was overwhelmed by this. Davis is certainly observable, but so sharp and predatory that he seems barely human. I imagine a character of Millie who is calmer, less feminine than Davis, maybe with a bit of a boyfriend. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence that she has no secret for her, which makes Filip's attractiveness seem more masochistic than it should be. <br /> <br /> As Philip, Leslie Howard is perfect. His pale, slightly withered look is perfect for this unsuccessful aesthetic. Nor does he impose a personal interpretation on how, say, Dirk Bogarde could do, which gives his work rare clarity. It seems that he has complete control here, as he should, playing a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions, which he can not even fully satisfy, because the object of his feelings moves him in a way that he can not understand. Howard was a great actor, too often cast in standard romantic parts, which forced him to return to the charm he does not use here. <br /> <br /> It's been so long since I've read the book And do not feel comfortable commenting on the fidelity of the movie. I think it reflects the spirit of this story well enough and that it has Philip Carey perfect at Howard. Sexual currents are suppressed, and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistic that in the absence of strong sexual feelings he wonders about the protagonist's mental health, certainly not Mr Maugham's intention. Thanks to the performance of Howard, Philip remains the center of attention, as can be seen in his various answers and longings behind Millie, for the extremes that a reasonable intellect can understand irrational, in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> In general, a very good movie, sometimes a bit stiff, due to its age, nicely evokes London and is well preserved in the majority.
