This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. She is a woman who attracts men. Not because she is a nice, beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual being. Now the movie does not go out and it does not say it, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the film in which men look at her stupidly. She works as a waitress in a cafe, she can not read, and she really has nothing to look at, but she is a flirt. It is obvious that male customers in this cafe are due to her. One day Phillip, a daft painter, a medical student with a painter, comes to the store to say a good word to his friend, but he gets nasty the moment he sees her. He starts to buy her things, even pays for an apartment. Meanwhile, he meets other people and does not make secrets of it. She dreams of her as if she were an angel, but she is not an angel. He still thinks about her. His grades in medical school are even unsuccessful. So what a nookie is too good. She wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she marries another guy. He always lets Phil know that he really has no love feelings for him all the time. He has a broken heart, but he meets another woman. They seem fine, but it is obvious that he still dreams about Bimbo. Mildred returns with the child and is not in him. Phillip takes her again, but starts to go out with his friend, the bulb light up a little, and he throws it out. He does what he knows works, so he tries to seduce him, well, it does not work and he starts to burn money from tuition. Oh, we have a club foot for which she has problems, even if the street teenager who has the same problem, makes him lighten it. He meets another girl named Sally. We have an assembly in March that shows her aging while he pulls her on, waiting for Mildred. There is no schooling, can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father take him home. Only the next montage of the March of Time shows him that he is going down. Soon, his uncle, who raised him, dies and gets money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he discovers Mildred needs him again. She has tuberculosis. in the meantime, she still runs Sally along the Primrose path of marriage and takes a job on a steamer. After all, the bimbo dies, and Phillip declares he is now free and marries Sally. I regretted that she did not let him stuff it. Now I know that my approach to the character will not give me any points. But I feel Phillip was a bad guy. Yes Mildred is Strumpet, but he knows it, and he keeps coming back. That means she has two other girls who love him, but treats them as snacks. I think that sex was not so good. But in any case, these women's dogs are waiting for Mildred. Not only this, but the man who gets pregnant Mildred is already married, and when Philip asks him what he intends to do with Baba (allegedly the child's name), he laughs, he does not intend to support her and Baba, and he is rich. Sally's father, who has 9 children, talks about nasty things about women, but is said to be an old traditionalist. Filip also does not seem to refute his feelings. Men use Mildred as a Boy Toy, but the men in this movie come out unscathed. Yes, she was not a respected woman, but far from a villain. For me, Philip had a real problem and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
