The accent of cockney Bette Davis in this movie is absolutely frightening. I completely understand that Americans and other nationalities may not be aware of this and that's good; But believe me, it's half as good as Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and it was the right load of an old pony (he slipped in there to London's vernacular - a lot of apology). <br /> <br /> An unusual thing for me, strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not diminish the power of movies. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema, despite its superficial mistakes. It must also be viewed from the perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filming should be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and allowing the narrative to develop in film, not only through structured acting and honest dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the stage set at Victoria station. It is beautifully conceived, filmed and assembled. Also notice sharp shots of the prostate Mildred at the end of the movie; they owe more to the early beginnings of creating artistic films than to the sanitized, formal worlds of the studio that were to dominate. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are widely known and fascinating: sexual obsession, unrequited love, contemptuous passion, self-loathing, manipulative connections, social divisions and youthful madness. Although the dialogue is often well-worn, the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner life of the characters is solved well, though in a way that is not very important. Some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch, but history does not turn into cliché; We realize that characters (even poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of mutual feelings, as well as by voluntary selfishness. Although the naive style of the story reaches the complex heart of the human condition, the manipulated nature of acting and the occasional gratifying exchanges do not diminish the authenticity of the work. <br /> <br /> Of Human Bondage was one of the movies that got Bette Davis in Hollywood and watching her, you're a witness of being a witness to the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and screen charisma (no one waved or despised as much as Mrs. Davis) attracts your attention from the first appearance. While her is definitely an unforgettable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also excellent as sensitive and gentle student Philip Carey. But they are a good combination, why oh, why did not he help her with this awful, terrible accent !?
