I happen to like Leslie Howard in his better movies. However, for some reason his performance at OF HUMAN BONDAGE never touched me. I first saw a movie on my campus in college in 1972, and a reviewer in a university newspaper commented that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard played roles that were supposedly later taken up by Dirk Bogard as a man who was born to be betrayed. It's usually not like that (I'm thinking of Ashley Wilkes as a man who can be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were to be the subject of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melon, not Scarlett). Howard could play any type, and the role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not the one betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* You can make Philip Armstrong Scott betrayed by two strangers shows hospitality in 49TH PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, western, Canadian-honest game of double cross in time War is not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard will not shrink as a result, but face the Nazis and intercept one after beating him.) <br /> <br /> I think what the reviewer had I mean, Howard can be spiritual - or try to be a soul. Be a witness to his poet - dreamer - wanderer in PETRIFIED FORREST. But this character has not been betrayed, except perhaps history (because he feels that his type is just as out-of-date as the gangster played by Humphrey Bogart). The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham OF HUMAN BONDAGE is also full of soul. He is sensitive for several reasons. He is interested in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike Strickland's artist in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE, there is no real talent. He decides, therefore, to focus on medical studies, highlighted by club foot disease. Here he is a man with a low self-esteem to be betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds this betrayal in the form of Mildred, the waitress from Cockney (Bette Davis), who is hired and selfish as they come. The film does not say why Philip falls in love with her, but he thinks the woman is fascinating. And he finds him an easy ticket for a meal. Ironically, being so enthralled by this whore, Philip does not notice the other two women interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and more suited to being his partner. He also claims that he forgives Davis when he has an affair with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter is Howard's friend). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance reflects Philip's tendency towards Mildred, he really does not show enough passion (until the late movie when he turns her back). That's why I think I never cared about his performances - he lacks any reality. His later tortured insistence in GONE WITH THE WIND, who loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man in love. But Davis' performance as Mildred makes the film important. Until 1934, she had many different parts, such as the deaf pianist in THE MAN, who played GOD, or a pampered heiress who was murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or in a secretary-like mouse in THREE ON THE MOON. As Mildred finally showed that she could be the main actress, playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, her performance was not just one note. While she uses and abuses Howard for two-thirds of the film, culminating in this famous scene, in which she shows how much she was angry, her recent scenes show that she too can fall apart due to deteriorating health and inability to behave some honest work. When Howard rejects her, the viewers do not notice how vicious he is (he asks what happened to her child - tells him that the child has died, and Howard says harshly that he is happy, which is probably not the expected answer). Finally, Howard finally organizes his life, but Mildred ends the victim (ironically her death was discovered by her old boy Denny on medical call). The Academy of Arts and Film Sciences did not nominate Davis in 1934 (Which led to the largest campaign writing in its history and a permanent change in its principles), but Davis was made a star. In one year, she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. In two years she played with Howard again (as equal stars) in PETRIFIED FORREST.
