I thought it would be a continuation of the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but in reality it is more of a "light sister" of the original. Gordon Liu still acts as a potential hero in the pursuit of learning kung fu to overcome these intolerable Manchusas ... but this time it is lighter and more comic. The film focuses on a local paint shop, where wages are reduced by employing 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao" who is able to cheat the heads of the mills, thinking that he is a shaolin monk who has almost magical kung fu skills. But his happiness ends, he is exposed to fraud and promises to the mill workers that he will go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu and return to protect them. <br /> <br /> The comedy is really starting in a monastery where Chao makes several attempts to be accepted. It gives you lots of really fun moments and lots of great fighting choreography. Continuing the tradition "36. chambers ", we see in the monastery various kinds of neat and interesting (and extremely hokey) training methods, as well as the creative use of wooden benches as a weapon. <br /> <br /> Also unique and noteworthy is the combination of kung fu and bamboo craft scaffolding building. Chao is not accepted as a student at Shaolin, but is forced to build a bamboo scaffolding for the "10-year-old restaurant" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought, there is a special bamboo scaffolding and inspiration from which director Lau Kar-Leung drew. It is a ship of hundreds (maybe thousands) years, and scaffolding in Hong Kong is still built of bamboo even on large skyscrapers, although the West uses only steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his work on the scaffolding, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... asked what kind, comically replies "kung fu !! scaffolding" which first tests when sprinkling the abbot of the monastery. In the final confrontation with Manchus, there is a dazzling range of creative uses of bamboo sticks and ties. <br /> <br /> From the perspective of comedy, I think it is one of the best kung fu genres. As a kung fu film, it distinguishes itself ... I recommend it to everyone!
