After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role that she considered her own and that made her a force to be reckoned with. As Mildred Rogers, Davis breaks up with the totally unsympathetic role of a slutty waitress who becomes the target of feelings for Leslie Howard, and already desiring to sink her teeth in such a role, she had no qualms about the horrible things her character meant to do throughout the movie and the terrible transformation it will undergo. It was also widely noticed that her performance here, one of the few things that make this somewhat uneven movie possible to watch, was the only one that should be remembered, even after two alterations, and the scenes in which it breaks down into Howard have become history cinema. > <br /> About 85 minutes the story moves at a nice pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), because his life is crossed with the life of the devastating Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> Howard's and Davis's chemistry does not exist - Davis backed the interview much later in life, personally did not care too much about Howard's iceiness, which helped her act even worse (as a character) against him as Mildred. Nevertheless, the two seem clumsy; their scenes together remain rigid, saved only by the cruel acidity Davis brings to her line and her nervous presence. On the other hand, Cromwell's direction has some stiffness in relation to himself, which sometimes does not pass - he tries to fill some space (when Davis is not there) with dissolutions and montages indicating the passage of time (calendar overlapping the change of Frances Dee). In those days, everything in style. This was before technical details and complicated camera angles arose, and in short the visual story is a simplified, indispensable translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which says a lot, because the 600 pages of "Of Human Bondage" were really hard to film even then. <br /> <br /> It is said that Philip Carey may be a glutton for punishment because there is no perceivable sexual attraction between him and Mildred and this can not be reconciled, Mildred never hides his dissatisfaction from the very beginning. It seems that Howard's performance never goes through external emotions - his eyes are still sad, his expression never moves too far from being lost (he could be William Hurt's almost cousin in "The Accidental Tourist" - depressed, hurt, and absolutely passive), but this is probably part of his character and the reason why he does not see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) make them vulnerable to unrequited feelings. Interestingly, Johnson's Norah, when he realizes that Carey will never fall for her, is the one who sums up the story with her observation that people are related to other people - she is related to Carey, because Carey is associated with Mildred, and Mildred herself is associated with Miller (or people who match the role of the supplier). In her short but unforgettable scene, she is the essence of the morality of the story.
