Here's another great example of uncomfortable filming from the 70's! The basic premise "What is happening to Helen?" Is quite shocking and disturbing, but it presents itself in such a stylish and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other film crew it would surely become a nasty and rough tale of exploitation, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte") responsible, it has become a beautiful and almost charming mix of themes and genres. The basic plot of the film is definitely terrifying, but there is much more to experience like love stories, the swinging atmosphere of the thirties and lots of singing and dancing from the tap! The setting is undoubtedly what makes this film so special. We are literally catapulted to the 1930s, with a sublime presentation of the music of that era, religion, theater business and wardrobes. After a long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life in prison for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and tried to start a new life by leading a dance school for young talented girls. Adelle, in particular, adapts perfectly to the new environment when she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to plunge into a spiral of madness and paranoia. He listens only to the arguments of the radio-evangelist, he is afraid that he will be punished for the crimes his son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely without flaws, is well-written and the film is properly composed. There's never a boring moment in "What's happening to Helen," although the sequences of singing, tap dance and tango are quite long and unrelated to the story. But the atmosphere is always ominous, and the movie definitely benefits from the amazing performance of Shelley Winters. She is terrifying as an unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to throw herself in every second, and especially in the last ten minutes she looks more petrifying than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers put together! There are some great supportive characters who are, unfortunately, a little underdeveloped and devoid of potential, like Michéal MacLiammóir as a conceited eloquence teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a terrifying priestess and Timothy Carey as an intrusive guest in the women's home. There are some surprisingly macabre scenes and moments of real shock that can enjoy Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but especially hundreds and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are breathtaking.
