I watched (and recorded) it a few years ago on local television and after I was disappointed by it, I removed the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a double DVD with Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters' movie "Midnite Movie" for a very affordable price, I could not resist giving him a second look (since then - printing). Actually, I received a DVD a few months ago, but only now, after Harrington's departure, I got to him; Fortunately, this time I was more open to the film and, in fact, now I consider him one of the most satisfying ALL EVEN CHILDREN? (1962) imitations (with whom, incidentally, he shared the screenwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The film offers a wonderful evocation of the Depression of the 1930s in America - with its childish rage and sensational murders (used during the false opening of the film chronicle); it is stylishly made (kudos to Lucien Ballard's pictures and stage design by Eugene Lourie) and boasts the effective result of David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir provide excellent performances; the latter is particularly impressive as a trainer with a greater than life and somewhat ominous diction (although eventually it turns out to be just a red herring!). There are also Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (hers is only episodic, really, because the evangelist she plays is usually heard on the radio). <br /> <br /> Many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by children (including the funny imitation of Mae West), but they did not bother me personally; the movie is a bit exaggerated due to the unhurried pace and (perhaps unnecessarily) intricate plots. Reynolds - the musical star herself - is ideally cast as the owner of the dance school and despite the competition on the set, she and Winters work together well. The latter in fact gives a more balanced picture of paranoia and madness than in WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); the narrative thus presents a series of ironic twists that lead to the expected Grand Guignol solution. Apparently the movie was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) Producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wishes - to get the PG rating ...
