The most bizarre of the film subgenres are the so-called "Great Ladies of Grand Guignol": camp horror films that combined the top melodrama with gothic thrills and were always cast by an experienced and almost forgotten actress from the Hollywood golden age in unflattering roles or long-suffering victims or screeching evil harpies. This genre provided them with an extraordinary showcase that allowed them to replay their stuff on screen and get new generations of fans at the expense of their great photos from yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What is happening with Helen" is the last drop of this sub-genre with the stunning performances of both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the restless mothers of two convicted criminals who fled from the past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a school of talent to drink the impatient mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets happiness, customers, tango, tap dance and a new interest in love (Dennis Weaver meanwhile, Shelley gets wacko with terrible retrospectives, dangerous anonymous conversations, dangerous strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbits (!) And unfortunate meeting with an electric fan (ouch!). <br /> <br /> Untidy scenario (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started this genre with "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" with master Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of storylines, red herrings and wasted opportunities that could make this movie great: motives of twisted motherhood (with Debbie and Shelley as "unsuccessful mothers" and overbearing mummies with children's stars) and the obsessive bond of women (Debbie and Shelley and the fact that several male characters from this movie are either sinister or have Even the drowsy Dennis Weaver's boat from Texas) are wasted. Debbie Reynolds is musicalizing interludes and dancing little ones, although the fun to watch takes too much time on the screen, which is to be a psychological aggregate. But this movie is very funny. Two stars and the stylish direction of Curtis Harrington easily overcome its drawbacks. Movie recreation from the thirties is colorful and elegant (see clothes Debbie!) Made with a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysterics is really terrifying with a shocking finale that will haunt you for many days. And you would not easily forget this stupid song "Goody, goody" which also appears in the movie. And seeing more and more crazy Shelley Winters, every chance for happiness Debbie Reynolds is a roar to watch! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
