Carefully pressed between THE STRANGER, a small film photo of noir, which proved that Welles can perform an impressive genre in budget and time, and ironically, proved his greatest box office success in the forties, and MACBETH, not requiring the budget adaptation of Shakespeare in the old Western in 23 days appears THE LADY FROM SHANGAI, a dark film noir woven from the same material from Wellesian myths, which includes WONDERFUL AMBERS, MR. ARKADIN and every other movie that the director did not manage to save from the clutches of the studio bosses. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war madness of the noir movie in full bloom, Welles, always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of enormous artistic integrity, imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows that is darker, more sinister, paranoid and snake-like than anything his contemporaries did. No wonder that at that time the film was so badly understood that one full hour of footage remained forever in the floor of the cutting room and once again Europe defended it as another classic of Welles. <br /> <br /> Some elements of the set stand out. An aquarium scene with flickering light and ominous shadows, as well as the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale, which is such a classic piece of Wellesian bravado as in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only mistakes I find in the film are the ill-famed Irish accent of Welles and perhaps some of the unpredictable editions in the first act. History, however, develops in an increasingly hypnotizing way, whose cuts only serve to intensify. I believe that the heavily chopped versions of Shangai and Ambersons achieve surreal quality in this area. <br /> <br /> Welles would drive out in Europe for ten years and returned in 1958 to deliver another classic stone, a monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, perhaps the crowning of the movie noir that was already at that time. Shangai was not a box office success that should have been the star of the Hollywood star of that time, Rita Hayworth, and Welles's and Hayworth's marriage ended before the film was even released. Sixty years later and one hour of recording less, Shangai is still one of the best noir film images you will most likely discover. Certainly it must count something.
