"Lady From Shanghai" is strange even by the standards of the outstanding director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie was for many a moon. This is a kind of postmodern film noir created at a time when more conventional films of this type were quite popular, and it concerns a happy, happy Irish sailor (played by Welles) who falls into a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Welles at the time) and her frailt and probably helpless husband played with Everest Sloan's insolent, ominous enthusiasm. There is a long sea voyage in which Welles works as a bodyguard, and the plot becomes more compact when the legal partner Sloana (Glenn Anders) appears and starts making trouble, giving strange speeches about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that the man is on the edge mental breakdown. A murderous plot is created, and Welles and his employers are accompanied by various misfortunes. At this point, the story, blurred and told so far in a quiet pace, comes from a deep end, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant director fragments that seem to be thrown to give the movie a little drive and urgency, its history does not have itself in itself, and the result is a very observable and often pleasant in any case incomprehensible mess. > <br /> It is difficult to understand what Welles has tried to do with this film, except that he can resurrect his Hollywood career by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction intervenes, as is often the case with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never looked less attractive. The fact that she is also cast as femme fatale seems strange because, apart from her beauty, her most attractive feature as a personality of the screen was beauty, a feature that is not in this picture. The director himself is strangely unattractive and careless at O'Hara, (presumably) a carefree sailor, because Welles, despite all his gifts, was not known as an easy-to-cooperate man. This is the role that twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could breathe into life. Welles no. The most interesting spectacle in the film is Glenn Anders as Grisby, a madman, a treacherous Sloan partner. Anders does wonders with this part and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end in strange, sour notes and are often frighteningly edited; but in spite of everything he manages to make grisby palpable and disturbing, and in a dignified way anticipates more extravagant methodological actors from the 1950s, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that torments this film: what was Welles trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man and he had a tendency to speak in his films, which, regardless of whether you agree with his worldview or not, were brilliantly presented. I think I have an answer or partial: Welles summarized his film career. He reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. "Lady From Shanghai" is not a nose in the giants 'studio that day, but I suspect that in his portrait of amoral, rival lawyers (read: producers) he expresses Welles' opinion about Hollywood power brokers. He talks about his portrayal as a bloodless sailor. Welles himself was certainly an unbearable traveler and rarely lived in one place for a long time. He was hired by the studio to provide him with a large, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which sparked a storm of controversy from which he never came to an end. This may be an issue that dares not to name it in this film, that is, the personal defeat of Welles, who does not care about the shock of his novelty in the movie colony and the inability to deliver goods, as he promised. The fact that he appeared in Hollywood, just like his presence in the film, could not prevent catastrophes that he had no influence on. The fact that he introduced himself in the film as a sympathetic, naive outsider, shows the lack of self-knowledge about Welles. He was a much more internal player than he allowed, and I imagine that he despised his knowledge of the more global aspects of life, and that he knew so much.
