In New York, the sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) against assault and rape as he takes his horse and carriage through Central Park - and lives to regret it. Titian-haired Hayworth is a platinum blonde; as dazzling as freshly falling snow - but nowhere so not clean ... <br /> <br /> Finding more of the intricate plot in this groundbreaking "noir" would be a crime. This is as misleading as the mirrors used to the disaster in the final scenes - but the movie has many darker secrets: From the NY Times: "Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story Of The Black Dahlia Murder" Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, who was Five years, when she became friends with 15-year-old Bette Short, she follows Short's steps, interviewed friends and colleagues, and also offered detailed speculative analysis of Orson Welles - especially with his film "The Lady From Shanghai". According to Ms Pacios, the film together with related archival materials contains many ritual elements related to Short's murder. He raises the question: could Welles be a killer? Interesting theories - and with a lot of books in "The Black Dahlia" - much more can happen. Brutal "film noir" by Fritz Lang, "The Big Heat" (1953), was a romance-a-clef about the murder of "Dahlia" in "The City of Nets", it was in LA - but it is Orson opus "Dahlia" she had a "practical" connection. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and Hollywood mafia wars from the 1940s) that "Dahlia" in ... but that does not negate what Pacios wrote. Almost the whole of Hollywood was crossed with Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Short, and her tale / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in many Golden Age films. <br /> <br /> "Black Dahlia" has always been turned on the peripheral edges of "Shanghai" - even before the start of shooting. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "It was when he thought about creating the" Lady of Shanghai "before he lost the Orson Welles option. Franchot said he was in bad shape in connection with this deal when he ran into Dahlia in Formosa Cafe after studying Goldwyn ... "* The floor over Formosa Cafe was Bugsa Siegela's office, and" The Dahlia "one of his again / off again "girls". <br /> <br /> It's getting deeper and darker - After a fight for Barbara Payton in 1951. Between Tom Neal and Franchotem Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "I never talked again in the same way" , Barbara said, she married Tone "only in spite of Neal. "Tom (" The Tour ") Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(which he did not?) And obsessively - From LA Gilbert's LA Despair:" The murder of a young, beautiful would-be actress Elizabeth Short from January 1947 known as " The Black Dahlia ", was one of the most terrifying murders in the annals of modern crime. The project titled "Who Killed The Black Dahlia?" Was initiated by actor Tom Neal, a hell-raiser from the Second World War. Potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to come up with a more ingenious business proposition than Tom Neal and his cohorts presented. .. "Not long after this:" It would be clear that one beautiful day would come when Tom sneaked into his pretty new wife from Palm Springs when she was lying on the couch and shooting a bullet in her head. Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew "Dahlia" and their stories are well known, it seems that everyone who crossed the path "Dahlia" (like the proverbial black cat) went to "Strefy Twilight" "ciemność i / or an unbelievable string of bad luck. Tone / Neal / Welles are just some of them - including the film "The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years. -editing-and all because the Colombian President Harry Cohn could not understand this story. It is a dark "noir" to be sure - one of the darkest in reality. It is also a wicked satire about living in a new atomic era. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" pushes the insistent subtext of the nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement regarding the atomic bomb and the American city. The main victim of murder in the film (and there are many of them), a psychotic lawyer with dual trade, maniacally predicts Armageddon at every step, claiming that he can "feel". He announces that he plans to flee to the remote Pacific Island - especially joking about the Welles part, because in the same year the United States began testing atomic bombs in such a place, the Bikini Atoll, moving all inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. Until Bikini, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb seems to be institutionalized, with the blessing of military brass; the first bomb fell on the Pacific experimental lab called "Gilda" and has a Hayworth image in a provocative dress, painted directly on the casing ... "<br /> <br /> It is ironic that the broad interpretation of Orson Welles The Irishman is considered by many to be prejudice to the film. Welles gives the viewers view that "Michael O'Hara" is just a storyteller - it is not part of history, although it revolves around him. "O'Hara" denies the shark theme throughout the movie Sharks in feeding madness will not stop until nothing remains. "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell a story. "Elsa Bannister" evokes feeding madness during the "O'Hary" trial and her volleyball chapeau suggests that he is in a cage - so as not to devour human spectators to the Roman Coleseum. Spectators go crazy on their own, gossip and continue "Elsa" - a human aquarium associated with the sequence of the Maritime Museum in San Francisco. That's the human condition ... except for Michael O'Hara, spending his life trying to forget about his past ("Elsa") - or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michaela" and the story eventually eats its own tail, and the viewer is warned not to get in trouble.
