These are fragments of a nine-page "Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles", written after Orson saw the edited version of the studio photo of the potentate Harry Cohn (he took an hour): <br /> <br /> "... The title music from the preview was written by the first composer George Anthel. Although it was not written for our painting, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and a threat connected with something lush and romantic, which made it acceptable. .. The only musical idea that seemed to take place for the current composer (Heinz Roemheld) is the rather tired way of using a popular song - the "theme" - in as many arrangements as possible. "Please Do not Kiss Me" on almost every bridge, as well as on many background materials, the melody is pleasant, can deal well with Hit Parade - but the Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy .. Mr. Roemheld is a zealous admirer of the old-fashioned scoring type which is now referred to in our busines as 'Disney'. In other words, if someone falls, it makes a "fall" sound in the orchestra, etc. Etc. ... If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers on the whole negative, I could not be unhappy because of the results ... Just before my trip abroad I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor), to make a cut, which would involve dropping the nearest accident with a taxi and a lot of dialogue. I am convinced that it would be a perfect cut ... saving much needed material in the free opening sequence (this was not done considering the main weaknesses of the opening film drum) ... There is nothing in the Rita snorkeling to guarantee a great orchestral crescendo. ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the bad undertones suggested by Grigsby's character and Michael's bewilderment. All or all of these elements could inspire music. Instead, the dive is treated as if it was an important climax or some old moment in Silly Symphony: pratfall Pluto the Pup or a wild jump into space Donald Duck ... There is no sound on the boat. The wind and water are a bit lacking. It does not make sense to shoot scenes on a real boat, if you think it all happens before the process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... we used a very interesting, sexy Latin American variety in the provisional results ... It was replaced by a simple "dramatic" continuation - bad material ... This music destroys this quality of strangeness, which has just saved the Lady from Shanghai from being just another detective ... After Grigsby's line there is a big outburst of music: "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... Hawaiian guitar music that comes out of the radio ... was supposed to be old-fashioned enough to create a satirical point. In the current state it is more or less on the same level as the rest of the scoring. No one in the audience would suspect that we are joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please Do not Kiss Me" is again! ... A bad dubbing job and poor scoring have destroyed Michael's character running down the pier. From the shot to the telephone conversation, voices were carefully selected, spending a lot of time and effort. For some reason, all this has been spoiled for the vague hullabaloo. As a result, the entire sequence seems boring ... The audience should feel with Michael at the moment that they might be crazy. A new dubbing job can only make them feel that they can fall asleep ... The battle of breaking mirrors can not be supported by music ... The closing music refers to "Please Do not Kiss Me" ... This finale is obvious to such an extent that it is vulgar and causes unpredictable damage in the finish of the photo. "<br /> <br /> All these changes from Orson have been ignored
