When I watched one of Orson Welles's last contributions to Hollywood as the creator of the movie, I knew that I was watching a great movie, though sometimes I did not know why. The story from The Lady from Shanghai has the first-class elements of the noir movie: average Joe-lead, femme fatale, eye-catching supporting characters and an understandable but somewhat complex structure of the story. It is a fun ride, filled to the brim with Welles' unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that simply do not work, or are not complete in Welles's full vision (the latter is unfortunately blamed for this by executive producer Harry Cohn and the bosses of Columbia. <br /> <br /> Welles works with his then wife, the beautiful Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and is angry with the right people, Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, wife of Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend of Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to sail on their yacht and take O'Hara for a ride, and initially he is reluctant, but he agrees because he falls in love with During their journey, O'Hara discovers that Bannister and Grisby are not nice to be around, and even more so from Grisby, who from the beginning u, he seems to have no gourd, but as the story unfolds, O'Hara gets caught up in a scam that Grisby plans to spend on insurance, with results that I dare not reveal (although they have been discussed many times by others). <br/> <br/> Regardless of what commitments appear here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and those few notable moments in which photos were taken in the studio), the appearances and appearance of the film are striking after more than fifty-five years. Although he is not at the side of the great Greg Tolland (DP Kane), a reliable Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and raw, covered with shadows, deep focus, low angle, and work. A special achievement is the "fun-house" mirror scene, which is only an attraction. Sam Welles is always reliable as an actor, even if his accent is nothing special, and Hayworth herself makes the scene a bit more juicy, despite her way in history. <br /> <br /> A lady from Shanghai is worth checking out, especially for Welles, Hayworth or lovers of film noir (fans of Coen brothers can also find it fascinating). It may take a while, repeat watching (as in the case of Touch of Evil), because the underlying motifs drown.
