After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood directors turned their backs on the great Orson Wellesie. With the exception of KANE, Welles lost all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNE INTO FEAR and many other films. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmaker when Hollywood needed a few more. THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the unintelligible view of Welles' films at the time, a film that seems a bit hesitant and fluid. It has a conventional message from 1940 narrated in the most unconventional way and I'm sure some of the scenes were on the floor of the cutting room. Legend has it that the Columbia mogul, Harry Cohn, stood up during the initial screening and asked what was going on. In retrospect, many of the old grudges that led the studies at the time had no idea about film techniques and telling the story of Orson Welles, and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is almost great because of their burglaries. <br /> <br /> In addition to being the greatest director of all time, Welles was also a pretty good actor. At the age of 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane," perhaps the best-known figure in film history. Here he lives in a rare form of dark wit and little intelligence, something strangers to people familiar with Welles, another wonderful job. Instead of slippery, wise language, he speaks of a rough Irish twang. Rita Hayworth (then his unhappy wife) plays an unfortunate wife of a lawyer who casts a spell on Welles and is able to draw him into a job that will lead him to the limits of deception and disappointment. He is a big bearer who can even murder a man, but the real secret lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with stunning blond hair) and maimed husband Everett Sloan (Mr. Bernstein from CITIZEN KANE). Frightening partner Sloane is about to go on a cruise around the country to start a series of strange events in which Welles "Michael O'Hara" shakes his head. Welles talks about the picture as O'Hara, but everything is still unclear. See for yourself and be aware that you need at least 2 views to know exactly what is going on. <br /> <br /> An extremely strange sequence of courtroom centers around "O'Hara" and Sloane defends him. It is an oddly comedic scene with bizarre court methods, including Sloane, who studies himself. I really did not laugh here because the movie stops at the moment after the first part, which will never take off anyway. So far, the photos are great, some scenes are shot using craft and skills (aquarium love scene), but there is no clear line drawing elements and us, the audience, in. Apparently, the court scene was shot again against Welles's requests (10 Hayworth close ups were ordered ) and a makeshift song sung by the star was thrown under Cohn's pressure. The fairy result enraged Welles, who was once again omitted in the editing process. Thank you, Welles, for saving the film in its entirety with the completion of the tour-de-force, which will always be appreciated. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings buffs over and over again, rightly so. <br /> <br /> You have to believe it and it is a good thing that it contains some confusing ideas. The failure of the mirrors represents the disappointment of O'Hara, and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and decoration. It looks more like a state of mind than a real place and is actually "crazy", twisted and turned away like Dali's. This is a great end to a faulty image, which would probably have become Top 100 AFI. In turn, three or four more Orson Welles' films could have created all the collective lists of the best, if he were alone. create your own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look for Mercury players that are so visible in Welles' photos. They appear everywhere. ASSESSMENT: 8 out of 10
