Ashura set in Japan is a story of demons taking over the land. The assumption is much more complicated, but one should not forget about the arched plot. Japan is in disarray, and demons are occupying human form. In general, demons look and behave like humans, but they are bad. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classic form of "ogre", which is a mythological creature with a certain historical attitude. We're talking about creatures that look more like gods than ordinary ugly monsters eating children. <br /> <br /> However, only green eyes and green teeth remain in human form, which appear under any type of stress. To save the world from demons, there are Demon Assassins. Trained and trained warriors who can see and defeat the majority of demons and who guard the passage between the kingdom of hell and the realm of the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in the local city. Among these ceremonies, three men dressed in black are appearing, seemingly intending to hurt them. The villagers are running away, except for the demonic ones who become green-eyed and try to kill them. Demon killers kill most of the demons. Hence the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of this story begins when at the gate to hell a fairy demon appears in front of the 3 gate guards, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With him comes the end of man's reign and begins the reign of demons. Ashura, however, requires some kind of birth process, the first step of which took place during the opening battle, but which will not be revealed to you until you see the movie. These three demon killers are a wise old man, a powerful but uninhibited man, as well as a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you see a split between them, an old woman who wants to stop the demons, a powerful man who wants to bend them to the growing maniacal ego desires, and the third wants to keep the other. Along the way, he meets a woman he begins to like and believes he has a special relationship. She, in turn, is a robber who is good-natured, wanted by the authorities. When they finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on her shoulder and is suddenly scattered by the mark on his shoulder. Needless to say, the sign is not a good sign. The result is a struggle for land, a struggle of both good and evil, which should be, but also between good and good. <br /> <br /> For me this movie has become something different than what I thought it was. It occurred to me that it would be either a quick action movie with demons or a horror movie with macabre evil and disgusting creatures that can be seen in the Ring and Ju-on. However, I made a mistake in the best possible way. It seemed to me that this is an adaptation of very old Japanese art that plays out as such, combining scenes of adrenaline driven by action with a great idea, amazing narration and style that forces us to think. than just sitting up. Many scenes are painted with a luxurious dialogue between two characters who will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes practically a theater experience that will take your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film uses pristine scenery and work with a camera comparable to many great Samurai films of our time, but adding a thoughtful and classic story. Thanks to great acting, great music and absolutely stunning scenes, you have to watch it in my book. <br /> <br /> With this in mind, this requires a reservation that it is not for everyone. It is not cheap terror, it is not a ball for action on the wall. His horror-style game was filmed. He has a lot to say and spends some time flying around with conventional liners. Like Japanese games, exchanges between characters can take many minutes before they meet to create a fast but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, it is a masterpiece. If your idea for a good movie is to make films with a small story and excessive nudity, you can easily see something else. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie is special and amazing for me, which keeps you enthralled and amused. he has good writing, good acting and good direction. All in all, it's a great movie.
