I must admit that I am a bit surprised and disappointed with some of the very negative comments that this movie seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror movie / sci fi. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historical space flight to Saturn. In space, he fell ill with a strange and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, looks in the mirror and his face melts in front of his eyes! Escaping from the hospital's supervision, he hides in some of the local forests surrounding the small town. Unfortunately, he begins to develop a rapidly growing hunger, which can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must feed on the human body and drink the blood of others to survive! Persecutes human prey, he begins his reign of terror! It is his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) who must find him and help him. He must work alone because his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey) wants him to be extremely quiet. Nelson can not even tell his wife, Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious when General Perry appears when some of the locals begin to be half eaten. I really do not understand why this movie has such negative opinions, what do people expect? In any case, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly Rick Bakers Special Make-up and gore effects, which are mostly excellent, and the fact that all their prosthetic effects and not nightmarish CGI make them even better. The writer and director William Sachs is also not afraid to use them, we get a few long, long shots of the amazing man drowning, and even now they are holding themselves well. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring, but professional enough. The script evokes sympathy for the monster, its arrows are longingly staring at Ted Nelson's house or when he sees his reflection in the water and reacts violently. The ending, set in some large factory, is quite inept, so do not expect a happy ending. What surprised me. Besides, the scenario has nothing to do with the premise, it just goes about melting and killing, and his friend tries to stop him, maybe a little too straight. Personally, I think the worst part of the movie is about to begin when a fat nurse runs down the hospital corridor in slow motion, her screams are also depicted in slow motion, she looks and sounds completely ridiculous! You must see it to believe it! I really like this movie and I recommend it to horror / sci fi fans from the 70's and 80's. A bit of my favorite.
