First of all, anyone who is looking for a significant "outcome-oriented" cinema, which contains a social message with meaningful representations and dialogues of searching for the soul uttered by devoted, emotional, cordial tespians, please leave now. You're wasting your time and life is short, go to Brangelina Jolie's new movie, cry, get out and buy a hybrid car or throw your diamonds out of conflicts if you feel better and leave us alone. br /> <br /> Do not let the door hit you. THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is B class minus the regional epic horror filmed in the wasteland of Oklahoma by a young, television-friendly cast and crew, and deals with an astronaut who is exposed to the bizarre effects of radiation, wakes up in the hospital and finds his body flattens out him when he sits there, feeling like a block. The melting man is played by one Alex Rebar who is recognizable for the first four minutes of the film. But when he starts an oozin with an extraordinary make-up Rick Baker with special effects, it's more like something you can find in a spam can before you empty all the rare, sticky fat bubbles. <br /> <br /> The film has a zero exposure and has nothing to do with feature points: There are several scenes in which scientists move on an absurd industrial conveyor machine that conscientiously recites some obligatory poems about the effects of radiation, but the film really does not care. It is a bizarre show and a wonderful performance with a definitely sick sense of humor for those who can stand it - one big laugh comes when a melting man comes across a young girl in the forest and has no idea where to do it when one of his eyes pop. Funny. <br /> <br /> "The protagonist" of the film is Burr DeBenning, a fascinating actor characterizing the golden television scene of the 70s and 80s, which was a kind of early model of Kevin Spacey's prototype; slightly twisted, neurotic and one step ahead of everyone in the room, even if it looks confused. He appeared just after this movie in a weird piece for a television anthology titled HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE), which is considered one of the best films ever made in Oklahoma, where I suspect that this movie was made also. The dry, cold-looking rural landscapes in the Midwest are certainly the same, and the stream that one unfortunate fly fisherman chooses for his afternoon seems to be the same as Cameron Mitchell fought with flying alien pancakes WITHOUT WARNING ... which also had sick sense of humor, friendly television cast and a little scandalous gore. I definitely feel at least the aesthetic relationship between the three films and THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, which is no surprise, considering that director Jonathan Demme is part of the cast of MELTING MAN. <br /> <br /> Essentially, like others, it was a feature film from the 1950s, updated for later special effects from the '70s and inevitable tits. The film, which probably borrows most of his ideas, is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after he was exposed to funky radiation, which caused him to be killed. One of the things that I really admire in the film is that absolutely no account is taken of the motivation of a melting man: he just goes crazy and the drama of the movie comes from wondering if he will fall into pieces before some characters fall prey to his madness. The budget of the movie is also delightfully low, and every penny spent on it is there on the screen, the disgusting effects of Rick Baker get the lion's share of what's been spent on it. <br /> <br /> Sick, disgusting fun, the best enjoyed a crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why can not people make more of such films? <br /> <br /> 8/10
