I have always liked this comedy as one of the few who seriously tried to cope with the US government's annual demand for taxes. Have you ever read the tax code? It's quite an attempt to follow the many clauses our congressmen and senators are seeking to help their financiers and various interest groups. Despite the claims that it is fair, the tax code has always put the lion's share of the burden on the middle and working classes, not on the rich and influential. Most of the different special clauses are intended for use - go through the average form 1040 or 1040A and look at the diversity of various investment and business projects, all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use of them. <br /> <br /> The story says that the rich landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to inform the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes in 20 years. The IRS office in Baltimore is subject to Fred Clarke and attracts Ober's attention for his influence. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall states that Douglas, Merkle and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people who rarely need cash (they get along on the farm to produce and exchange with their neighbors). But Randall, trained in the tax code lines (to the IRS), tries to bring the family to the basics. Gradually, however, Douglas notices that Reynolds likes Randall, and he still pulls Randall away from his sick man, eventually getting drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave when the engine of his car has been removed "for repair" by his two sons. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing interest and friction between the urban, vaguely ambitious Randall and the village, Reynolds' loving life. Actually it's a sweet couple. Finally, after Ober complains, Randall is sent away with shame, and Clarke (harder cookie) goes to brass tack. And he makes up a very large tax bill that will probably ruin the Douglas family. <br /> <br /> The film does not end there - it ends happily, but reminds us that the power of taxation is a force to destroy, and the government too often destroys. A chance for a million reversals saves the family, but it is so rare that we know it is just a dramatic trick. It is more realistic that Clarke's boss (Charles Lane) approaches the essence of Ober's "help", suggesting that next year his taxes will be more carefully analyzed. After this Ober is rather green.
