Many critics felt resentful that R.W. Fassbinder played the character of both the Wilkie and the Nazis in this film. Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films realize, however, that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "women's films", such as "Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better to women than men" because, according to Fassbinder, while men usually fulfill their specific roles in society, "women are capable of thinking in a dialectical way." Dialectics, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis, as usual in our black and white world, but a synthesis in which opposites overlap. Moreover, dialectics means that due to the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition between the thesis and antithesis is abolished. Strictly speaking: starting from the point of view of the dialect and presenting the fascist state, underground fighters must necessarily use basic means, as rulers do, and there is a relationship between criminals and victims so that every perpetrator is also a victim and every victim is also a criminal. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme that goes beyond the classic logic in his play "The City, Trash and Death" (1975), which was shot by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, approaching a controversial a priori theme, such as Nazi Germany, in a dialectical way, the presentation of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see that our recognition of the world is not completely exhausted by the primitive pattern of light switching, but it needs a third instance of synthesis as a controlling instance of the thesis and contradictions of its opposite members. Mutual relations between criminals and victims must be investigated because it simply is not true that criminals are bad and good victims are bad. From a synthetic point of view, the evil participate in goodness and the good participate in evil. They are interrelated. In a worldview based on classic logic, one can not even establish a relation between good and evil, and in ethics based on this insufficient system of logic, bad conscience of survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (illogically enough) responsible for the actions of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between two extremes, and therefore a synthesis in the form of a new assessment based also on this relationship. From Fassbinder's dialectical point of view, neither Lili Marleen, nor Lola, nor Maria Braun can be convicted of "inappropriate use" of the ruling system for their private purposes, because they do not use them, they simply use them. On the contrary, because victims must repeat actions of criminals, because criminals must repeat actions of victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer ordinary mirror images of each other, as in bivalent logic, their strategies are justified by the chiastical structure of logic that describes our world that is not black and white at all, much better than black and white logic.
