Until the 1990s, there was never a movie based on "Emma" by Jane Austen. In the same year 1996 two people appeared. Or, if you count the "Clueless" from 1995, which updates the story of Austen to modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from a well-to-do family in Regency England. It is financially much better than most Austen heroines such as Elizabeth Bennett and Fanny Price, and there is no need to find a rich husband. Instead, her main occupation seems to be finding husbands for friends. He persuades his friend Harriet to refuse a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing Harriet should focus on an ambitious clergyman, Mr. Elton. This scheme, however, is devastatingly bad, because Elton is not interested in Harriet, but she fell in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes her wonder why she wanted to match her friend so much that she considers her (not without reason) an inappropriate partner for herself. Because this is the plot of Jane Austen, it turns out that Emma is a less engaged lady than she seems, and she falls in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, although she was only one year younger, she was not as well known in the world as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, she is as convincing as a heroine of good will, but often evil. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classic roles - she made a stunning character in Kenneth Branagh's "A Lot of Noise about Ken" - and sometimes I regret that Hollywood could not find more suitable roles for her than to waste her on "Pearl Harbor" turkeys or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong, who was interested in Emma's love, Mr. Knightley, mainly because he approached my own concept of character as a gentlemanly, knightly elderly man, in a sense more of a father- a character for Emma than a lover. (His name is likely to indicate that his gentlemen's nineteenth-century gentlemen like to consider themselves the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their sophisticated knightly codes). Strong tends to downplay the difference in age (he is 37 years old, 21) and makes Knightley a more passionate lover and less wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who continues to work on bigger things) is perhaps closer to Harriet's novel than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> It was more modest of the two versions, created for television, not cinema, and sets and costumes seem less sumptuous, and there are fewer big names among the cast. However, the costume drama is something that British television is doing well, and this version may certainly have its own cinema version; both are fun and well-made versions of the Austen novel. 7/10
