Tintin and I recently broadcast an episode of P.O.V. PBS. series. It is based on a recorded interview by Georges Remi a.k.a. Herge, the founder of Tintin, from 1971, where he discusses his various experiences by publishing his popular character, first in the Catholic newspaper, and then in his comic book series. Amazing, wide views of various comic pages and surreal images of Herge's dreams. I first met Tintin on Children's Digest in my local library of the "The Secrets of the Unicorn" elementary school. My mother later got a CD subscription and read the entire Red Rackham treasure every month in 1978. I remember that later I saw some Tintin comics in a local book shop, but for some reason I did not get any because I was 12 and thought I was growing out of them. I have Breaking Free, a book written and drawn by J. Daniels, published in 1989, six years after Herge's death. I have not read it yet. This film also includes the personal life of the artist when, after his affair with an employed colourist, he left his first wife (whom he later married). His name is Fanny and he is interviewing. If you love Tintin and its creator, this movie is definitely worth seeing. Update: 9/4/07 - I'm reading Breaking Free now. Tintin and The Captain are the only regular characters who appear here and are adapted to the anti-capitalist views of Mr. Daniels with Tintin depicted as a mob rebel with a chip on his shoulder, who nevertheless takes care of the captain with whom he resides. The captain is just trying to tie the end to his wife and daughter, whom he loves very much. They and other construction workers swear that they will hit after another employee dies because of a faulty equipment accident. Everything happens in England with intact cockney accents of the working class. It's not something that Herge would approve of, but still interesting. Oh, yes, the Snowy dog ​​appears only in the upper left corner of the cover (on which Tintin runs through the police!) And on the dedication page.
