Filmed by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German, the second portrait of Garbo "Anna Christie" benefited from the practice and its apparent ease with German dialogue. Garbo seems more relaxed and natural under the direction of Jacques Feyder than for Clarence Brown, and her silent movie manners have disappeared, which meant that the transition to the sound was complete. The strength of the character remains here, although it has been softened, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's weakness. The whole cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the movie, and Garbo benefits from the fact that he does not have to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene in the English language version. In the film, Feyder Garbo remains the center of attention, although three supporting players, especially his father, gave excellent performances. <br /> <br /> Feyder's management was more certain than Clarence Brown, and his camera use and editing techniques did not seem as limited by the new sound process as Brown's. The film moves more smoothly than the adaptation of English, and the static nature of the first movie has been replaced by a flow that keeps the viewer interested. Even the photos of William Daniels seem better than his filming of the Brown version. He captures Garbo's luminescence and climate of docks with style. Also, the adaptation of the scenario for the European audience from the very beginning made Anna's profession clear, and the unambiguity explains to viewers who were not familiar with art, which only suggests filming Brown. The film, however, was created before the introduction of the Production Code, which made censorship mysterious. <br /> <br /> The nomination for Oscar Garbo for the film "Anna Christie" has always been a bit mystifying and I suspected that the bow was given more recognition of her relatively gentle transition to sound films than for her performance. However, some of the Academy's voters could see the German-language version of the film and realized, like today's viewers, that her "Anna Christie" under the direction of Feyder was definitely worth an Oscar.
