After introducing Garbo to the sound in "Anne Christie" by Clarence Brown, Jacques Feyder created the German version of the film, in which all casts, except Garbo, were different. While the American version is even more accessible in the US and most American viewers saw this version above all, Germna "Anna Christie" is more often seen in Europe. Since I have seen both films, I have the right to compare two closely related productions. Is the film by Jacques Feyder different? Is he better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis I would like to focus primarily on what links both films. They have identical sets, very similar scenarios and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here you will also find the story of a young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and tries to start a new life. Here you also have a fun, though slightly shorter sequence in the theme park. However, emphasizing Garbo itself, I turn to the first difference. She does not seem to cause such curiosity during the conversation. The viewer concentrates more on her acting than on the way of speaking, which most probably took place in 1931. Garbo was very good in the American film and it is also very good here. However, for me it seems even more authentic in the German version. It can be seen that Garbo does not focus on how much he speaks (the effort that was artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). Her German language is not very eloquent; but no one cares: everything is perfectly understood. Therefore, I can easily say the same as in the commentary on the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> The film is, however, very important: the rest of the cast. The question comes up: which portrait seems more addictive, which is certainly better? The differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), a longtime friend of Garbo, does not perform as great work as Marie Dressler in the role of Martha Owens. It is not bad, it is different, sometimes it is abusing (from today's perspective), but it is not as real in the role of Marie Dressler, who still entertains us and whose moments have absolutely stood the test of time. Some even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that this opinion, though it seems doubtful, carries a certain truth. Theo Shall is more like Matt than Charles Bickford, but if he uses it, it's not about performance, it's about appearance. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German "Anna Christie", which really is worth the most attention Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, the father of Anna. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is the difference between day and night. Junkermann depicts a real alcohol addict, a man with hopes, with fears that exaggerates with the care of his daughter. The scene of Anna's first meeting with her father is really great, Chris's conversation with Martha is unforgettable especially thanks to his mimicry and flawless performance. Junkermann is Chris, whom you like, from which you sometimes laugh, with whom you feel sorry, which leaves you in your mind a picture of a calm alcoholic. Great! <br /> <br /> If you saw the American "Anna Christie" and you have a chance to get a German version, I highly recommend this movie, because it's a slightly different view of history, a nice and accurate way to compare, great enrichment of Clarence's movie Brown, and above all a great opportunity to discover the miracle of the performance: Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
