Fragile Carne, just before your big time. HOTEL DU NORD is sometimes uncertainly directed and destroyed by the longueurs, but it is full of faded charm and beauty typical of French films from the late 1930s, as well as the relative lightness of touch unusual for this director. All its great advantages are here: cramped interiors broken up by the soaring, complex, delicious movements of the camera; melancholic distribution of light and shadow; unusual, longing sets by Alexander Trauner, which are so suggestive that, as the title suggests, they acquire a shaping personality; silent music of Maurice Jaubert; seemingly free story about romance, tragedy and fatalism, which throws a loop on its heroes; unusual performances of one of the greatest players of all times, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest failure of the movie and I'm amazed (as someone who usually, didactically, minimizes its importance), to admit it, is his script. He has a lot of wit and take on, but without the poetry and irony of Carne Jacques Prevert's regular collaborator brought to their best films, he can not avoid slipping (even if it's just a cliche in retrospect). <br /> <br /> The movie, embedded in the guesthouse, presents its initial idea of ​​community with two interrelated stories about the doomed love and emotional, metaphysical and actual isolation. Annabella is very beautiful, but she does not cope well with tragedy, while Aumont's indifference, though it may be appropriate, by its very nature overthrows every true affection. Maybe it's just me, but it's hard for me to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, who after just a few months is so desperate that she has to shoot at herself. Their lines with high lines are also quite embarrassing. Of course, this case is not to be credible - they symbolize youth, hope and the possibility of crushing in France, or maybe France itself, desperate, resigned, waiting for death. In order for the symbols to be really powerful, they have to be convinced at the narrative level, which I think is not quite here. <br /> <br /> What saves this story is its relationship with the story of M. Edmond, a character associated with the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we are learning it gradually, he is a hiding killer, living with a prostitute played by Arletty who fell on his accomplices. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is key - he had one set of features; hiding, he took their complete opposite. Living a rather pointless life, he is deeply shaken by the lovers' pact and becomes fatalistic, realizing the madness of trying to deceive death. <br /> <br /> In this way - admitting that you are less a person than a set of characters and that death is an inevitable reality whose most powerful masculinity must give in - Edmond is like the romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - gives a brief hope, an illusion that only strengthens - if it is not too unbearable irony - his terrible resolution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been trivial, if it had not been a really amazing performance by Louis Jouvet. I studied his theatrical work in college, but this was my first taste in his talent for the screen, and he turns out to be worthy of great masters - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving the role of a quiet nobility is more a concept ( needless to say that it is also allegorical) than the real person. Edmond begins the movie with a small supporting character, but emerges as a tragic hero of some strength. Like all these major actors, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> At the formal level, which is amazing for Carne to grasp, ten years before he flourished, the techniques of the great Hollywood melodrama Sirka, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatricality is devoid of the fluency and expressive beauty of contemporary German melodramas Sierck (check the masterpieces of ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENER), Carne's style really fits his theme - trap, paralysis, resignation. <br /> <br /> The main motif of the film is water - the loans float and disappear, the hotel stands by the waterway - but instead of the open Renoira river, we have a channel, stagnant and artificial, nowhere to be found. The film begins when it ends, and the setting never changes, except for one short interlude, from which both escapees are doomed to return. Characters can escape only through death - their imprisonment is emphasized by the narrow spaces they occupy, walls and frames that hold them in captivity, windows that look like an escape that they will never reach. Every hope at the end is deeply, if it is romantic, endangered.
