The most popular achievement of master Ching Siu Tunga is A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese ghost story game Lesli Cheung in the distant past in China as a tax collector, who is forced to spend the night during his "collector's journey" in a mysterious castle in which strange old warriors fight and meet him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is a ghost who lives in this castle and is under the rule of one powerful demon, a wooden devil who gathers human souls for himself / with the help of his beautiful spirits. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and even if ghosts are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break this rule and live happily together until the end of their lives. This is not what the wood devil thinks and our heroes must fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This film is no less full of magic than other Ching Siu Tung films. His masterpieces are Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, which have amazing visual and kinetic effects in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which is brightened by the strong presence of a beautiful and eager spirit. The effects are simply breathtaking and would work with the greatest power on the big screen. The camera moves and spins all the time, which adds to the fairy-tale atmosphere that this film has. There are also many stunt tricks, and even if some people think that they are and look unreasonable or stupid when they are used in movies, I can not agree and I think that they give motion movies a kind of magic, freedom and creativity that other people could not give tools. When people fly these films, it means that films do not only apply to our world and usually represent things greater than life with the power of a larger form of art than life. <br /> <br /> The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a bit too shallow and sporadically act inexplicably. Leslie and Joey should have been written with greater care, and their characters should be even warmer, deeper and more authentic to give the story more power and thus make the film an even more remarkable and important achievement. Also, the message about love and its power is at some point emphasized a little too much and should only be left to the viewer's mind to be interpreted and found. Another negative aspect of this dialogue is that it is too much and people are saying in this movie for no reason. It is very annoying and, unfortunately, it shows the disadvantages that many writers do when they write their films. People just talk and talk, all to make everything as easy to understand as possible, which is why the film is not too demanding or credible because it has this free element. Just think about the films of Japanese film producer Takeshi Kitano; his films have very few dialogues and everything that is needed is necessary because he tells his stories with other cinema tools and never talks, or makes other characters speak too much in their films. This is the talent that writers should have to write larger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually breathtaking eastern cinema, and the song that is played in the movie is very beautiful and I hope that he won the prize in the films there. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the aforementioned disadvantages, it would undoubtedly be an almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
