I just watched this wonderful good-natured parody Night of the Living Dead and I must say that it was so horrible and so banal that it was perfect. This film contained all the antics and landscape shots that contained the original, including the cemetery, abandoned house, basement and lawn in front of the house. What I particularly love about this film is the comical use of bread and all the usual domestic enemies whose bread has a grudge. Come on, we know that toasters, toasters and zips have made bread a dozen times, and now we must call their help to defeat the lively bread. Apart from cheap acting and a teacher, this short horror is my favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than the 1990 Night of the Living Dead. <br /> <br /> I think it makes the movie worth watching is the way writers and directors used the entire dialogue from the original movie and turned it around bread, in the way bread was revived and leftovers were avoided because they are particularly dangerous. Another great reason why I love this movie is that there is no exception as to which bread is bad, bagels are bad, and even communions are bad, as evidenced by a funny scene with the presence of a presenter and rather a monotonous priest. I think that the actors are especially funny by performing the act of being attacked by slices of bread (ie the Scene of a car). I think the end is very worthwhile. <br /> <br /> Even if it is short and "Dawn Night of the Son of the Bride Return Terror Revenge, Attack of Evil, Mutant, Alien, Body of Food, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D" is definitely another a great parody, it is still recommended as a great parody of horror, which seems to be the filmmakers of the university. I highly recommend this film to anyone who can laugh at Night of the Living Dead and still have respect for filmmakers. I would also like to recommend this film to anyone who loves D movies and a parody of horror movies, it's just a great little short horror movie that's cool to watch and learn.
