Joan Fontaine here is completely convincing as an amoral beauty who is completely unable to feel love for anyone but herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) lost all his money by combining his stupidity and extravagance, and they were reduced to living in a tiny room with little or no prospects. They still wear the most amazing clothes, they come out and meet as if nothing happened. He is a charming, inept, but completely nice guy. However, Fontaine decides that he must leave because he survived his usefulness. So he decides to poison him when he realizes he does not want to divorce her so that she can move. In the meantime, she had a lover (Patric Knowles), whom she decides to drop, because she is not rich either. He meets an aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the extras and more money than even Fontaine could learn how to spend. He aims at him and decides that he will be fine. He is too eager to be eaten up by young beauty. Certainly not too exciting and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those women who have eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and her is transparent, that she would not even notice and care about what she looks like, look through him and see what she really wants and goes on this. She begins to poison her husband and sends him very carefully and satisfactorily that everything goes well. But as usually happens in movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to fail, and the tension increases significantly, so that Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is especially good at searching for the wicked and terrified, and when the network begins to approach her, her growing sense of desperation is tangible and has us on the edges of our places. Hysteria and fear worry about cool calculations and cunning. But he finds a fallen man for his crime in the person of his rejected lover who is the innocent victim of her plan to set him up. He is condemned to death for murder, because the poison's death came out unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, a grimly determined Scottish shipyard inspector, thinks there may be something wrong and begins to doubt history and suspect Fontaine. It closes in her, and some of the scenes that happen like that are inspired portraits of the wildest panic. But will the life of an innocent man be saved before he is executed? Will Fontaine get out of this? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to protect his infatuation? This film is expertly directed by Sam Wood, and the movie is a really great suspense thriller, which I think is very well qualified to describe the perfect noir movie.
