The Sea is Watching was an interesting movie. Above all, the overall impression was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each cage seemed to be a photograph of something inside, something very focused, not part of a larger picture. It was obvious what to look at in each cage. The physicality of the set itself contributed to this sense of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road cross the road in half, and the tiny gate into a tiny settlement, behind which there are tiny and few storage compartments that served as objects that looked like the whole city. Even the view of the ocean was framed by a tiny landing, where you can count the long grass swaying in the wind. No panoramic views. It reminded me of the sequence of Montmarte Moulin Rouge, in which the camera focuses on the windmill, creating again the impression of a small area in which everything is happening. <br /> <br /> While the acting was satisfactory, considering I really could not discern how the lines were really released, I felt that the actions were too melodramatic and senseless. Why would Kikuno continue to act in the same way that Fusanosuke announced that the upcoming marriage really does not seem true? people have not really changed so much, and Kikuno's character was so strong and resilient that even if they were busy making O-shin's business for nothing, the reaction seemed out of place, unnecessary and distracting. Another example of a strange action was the appearance of a drunken boy from Kikuno, and Ryosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, the way he got up and threatened to climb the stairs, and the resulting fight outside the reeds was simply unsatisfactory. It's not like I like battle scenes? au contraire? but it seemed a bit stiff and too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, although it is not a beautiful movie to watch, he provided an interesting look at the darker side of prostitution (unlike geishas). Unfortunately, this may have satisfied our expectations of thoughtless women ("honey" I will give you an offer ", supported by overly extended activities) and seriously made me doubt whether indeed nineteenth-century prostitutes really acted in this way. But when they entered the house, the inner action became the most interesting, vivid and true, and created a script that I never foresaw or imagined in my romantic view of Japan in the nineteenth century.
