"Umi wa miteita" ("The Sea is Watching") is Akira Kurasawa's "swan" in the film: his adaptation of the story of favorite novelist Shugoro Yamamoto for the screenplay he intended to film was his last assessment he left on a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto, presenting this visually stunning transformation of the word into a picture. <br /> <br /> In nineteenth-century Japan, the story tells the life of women in the home of Geisha, whose only goal in life is to earn money by satisfying men. The house is run by an older couple who are distinguished, and geishas are a charming group of women who know their profession and are proud of their careers. Everyone has a reason to turn to the life of a geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family who live in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and bad clients who manage to keep up her stories about her higher caste. Oshin befriends the endangered samurai, falls in love with a gentle man, but it turns out that he can not go beyond his caste and leave his pleasures with Oshin to marry the promised fiancé. Oshin's heart is easily blue but is always supported emotionally and physically / monetarily by Kikuno and other geishas. <br /> <br /> The handsome samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops his first trusted and devoted relationship with him. Kikuno is troubled by the decision whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and deal with a rich but offensive client. While the sea is watching and the typhoon is destroying the geisha's house and street, Oshin and Kikuno are sitting on the roof waiting for the promised rescue by Ryosuke. The way history ends is dedication, love and devotion. The sea looks and finds protection for true love. <br /> <br /> Kazuo Okuhara's photo is stunningly beautiful: the night scenes with glowing lanterns and the colorful interiors of the geishas are matched to the repeated flashes of the sea, calm and turbulent. Acting is a bit strained for Edo's art, but the characters are well-formed and maintain the credibility of the story. The only obstacle that is definitely NOT something that Kurosawa would accept is a tacky western musical score that sounds like a cheap filler of a soap opera, except for isolated moments in which real Japanese music embellishes a song with real instruments. In the end, however, Kurosawa's influence is enough to give this film its dream character, which will always preserve its meaning in the world cinema. Grady Harp
