Ahh, yes, an all-encompassing hit. Take this idea, put it into the script and load it with any special effect that Wizards of Hollyweird can conjure up and then round up ordinary suspects: hot up-and-comers, has-beens, Fairies and never get caught in unpleasant eyes and hold all roles in different sizes in front of the merciless eye of the cameras. And I hope to see that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Leave the Box Office Bishops to finally apply the concept to horror movies, as was the case with the post-EXORCIST SENTINEL thriller. Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try the IRO screenplay by Levina ROSEMARY'S BABY about the terrifying (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in New York's brownstone. The result was a controversial bestseller that some claimed to be bordering on plagiarism, and a controversial heavyweight / stellar vehicle with co-author and director Michael Winner DEATH WISH, but for many disturbing reasons. > <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays a successful model Alison Parker, who is quite stressed and overworked (I will not add "overpayment". I mean she IS a model, so it would be unnecessary), not only through her schedule 24 / 7, but also by her insistent boy, Michael, "wanna-get-married-right-NOW" (Chris Sarandon from DOG DAY AFTERNOON and classic movie SOB.IG LIPSTICK). One of the ways he decides to free himself from this is to move to his own place; big, beautiful brownstone in Manhattan, which is able to get cheap dirt (it should be LARGE red flag - cheap property in New York!), mysteriously receiving broker Miss Logan (vet Golden Age screener Ava Gardner, fresh from the stormy outflow at EARTHQUAKE .) <br /> <br /> At the beginning everything seems fine, but ah, yes ... then there are noises and loud beatings from the apartment upstairs at night. And what about REALLY strange neighbors, such as Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (VERY early Beverly D'Angelo), nice "lonely friends" (read: lesbians) living together and kindly old Mr. Charles Khamen (pretty scary Burgess Meredith), which seems perhaps a little too interested in Alison's prosperity? And not to mention other good roommates (you will never hear the phrase "Black and white cat, black and white cake", not wanting to laugh through the nose and possibly vomit at once.) Especially old blind priest living in penthouse ... <br / > Things really start to get worse when a nightmare of symptoms turns into the horrific murder of Alison (in one of the most terrifying underwear in the movie) and both Alison and Michael, with the help of BFF Alison, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), he begins to assemble puzzles that reveal the dark origin of the sandstone, as well as the murderous agenda of his other world's inhabitants, not to mention Alison's relationship with them, which, it turns out, is not a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing controversial about the excess of cast, which seems to contain all the actors of various genres looking for work at that time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balalsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine, and even early performances by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winner and the company returned to the bombastic foundations and pulled out "Tod Browning" ... getting actors with real challenges to appear in the culminating sequence of THE-SENTINEL "everything and everyone to hell" what I think every director ballsy will do, not being able to access Linda Blair and the case of green peas soup. It definitely leaves you with arctic fingers playing your spinal cord like a zither, knowing this juicy little piece of information while watching. It also includes a technique that filmmakers have only recently come back to: live makeup and special effects that do not require CGI (which in those days practically did not exist). <br /> <br /> THE SENTINEL has this kitschy, late vinegar from the seventies, but from time to time it distinguishes itself from some of the wheezing moments such as the above mentioned, not to mention the sickening feeling of fear that horror writers consider it for playing, isolating and things that break and scream at night. In the end, what a person living alone in a big city did not lay in bed in the dark and listened carefully to the sounds of what NADZIEJA is a "building settling". <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed THE SENTINEL with the inevitable continuation of THE GUARDIAN (no confused with the supernatural thriller of William Friedkin), which was never adapted to the screen. = a sigh of relief =
