Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge movies such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he is equally talented as the director of the occult Horror movie theater, as shown by The Sentinel in 1977. The Sentinel, based on the novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the script, is a clever and extremely frightening religious aggregate, which no fan of occult horror should miss. The film is of course inspired by successful occult classics, such as "Rosemary's Baby", "Exorcist" or "Omen", but as far as I am concerned, it is equally as disturbing as the more well-known films and probably even crawling. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model from New York. Immersed in traumatic events in her past and not wanting to marry her boyfriend lawyer (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for a flat and finds a large, amazingly nice, affordable price in an old Brooklyn residence. The new apartment, however, comes with a group of very strange other tenants. And the ominous new neighbors will soon become a bit embarrassing for Alice ... This may not be a sufficient summary of the plot, but I would not want to spoil any of the great moments of this movie, so I will not give any further description of the plot. I will say, however, that "The Sentinel" is a very frightening and effective film that benefits from a great cast, as well as from the often bizarre and still incredible atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers certainly had an impact on the result. The film is photographed with imagination, and the amazing old residence of Brooklyn is a fantastic place for this kind of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is unclear and frightening, and the film also contains a few moments of shock and real terror. The film contains many sinister and eccentric figures, and the cast is excellent. Beautiful Christina Raines is great in the role of Allison Parker, beloved, yet on the verge of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and the support cast includes many big names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger before they become truly famous. The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner, horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and, my personal favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective. I have been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly in films such as "Wish Death" and "Earth Chato". "The Sentinel" is another great movie in Winner's repertoire as well as proof that the man is not only the master of revenge cinema, but also an atmospheric occult horror movie. In summary, "The Sentinel" is a terrifying, intelligent and incredibly bizarre occult genre that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
