I am not sure why this little film has been banished into oblivion, as despite some stupid actions; The Sentinel is a clever and ingenious horror game that gives you most of the highly praised ghost stories of more modern times than running for their money. Michael Winner has repeatedly admitted that he is not the best director of all time, and this film shines many times; but it must be said that the film works despite its boring direction and the fact that Winner managed to round up the incredible cast of talent that makes up for it. The plot is full of secrets and starts with focusing on Alison Parker and her apartment search. She states that she can not afford the majority of the property she looks at, but thinks that her happiness has changed when she finds a fully furnished flat at an affordable price. Her problems start soon after the introduction, because she does not like very neighbors ... and this problem increases when the real estate broker tells her that she has only one neighbor; older blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is really great, and relatively unknown Cristina Raines heads a great cast. Chris Sarandon is a bit wooden in the opposite role of Raines, but small parts for artists such as John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, just to name a few more than make up for Sarandon's dead role. Michael Winner does a good job with his central location because the block provides a frightening and macabre story setting. The start of the movie is a bit slow, but it is never boring; and Michael Winner's script provides a surprise that can hardly be guessed from the shift, which certainly deserves praise. Like many similarly slow burning horrors, this does not go to the money that has been set before - but unlike many, the ending is a definitive climax, because the winner does everything to shock the viewer, and if the rumor says he used real strangeness true; I must say that he is doing a very good job! In general, while this movie can be a pure hokum, no matter how you look at it; Sentinel is one of the best films of this type and is by far the main attraction for his director.
