This horror, based on a novel of the same title, suffers from defective production and an uncertain, amateur direction, but nevertheless is strangely persuasive. Unlike shocking horror movies like The Exorcist, this movie takes the viewer into a slow but inexorable dip in a puddle of evil. It changes into horror, which appears in the audience with the same sleepy slowness that appears on the poor girl who was unknowingly chosen to be the next guardian. Her designated task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent the outbreak of evil in the world. It falls on her in reparation for her suicide attempt earlier in her life. <br /> <br /> The story is true to the book that was riveting, but the way it was edited may lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the story that are shaved and have never been explained satisfactorily, which hurts this movie. Detriment. The Sentinel is not a type of jump at the edge of the seat; it's a more unpleasant watch. Like a bad car wreck, there is a compulsion to look, even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not bad at all and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> The staff was competent. Christina Raines was captivating like Alison, an unarmed girl under a spiritual attack from both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her caring, but eventually egocentric boy. Eli Wallach and the very young Christopher Walken are detectives trying to solve the bizarre riddle they got. Ava Gardner is elegant, like a property unaware of the horrors lurking in her rented property. Skinny, elder John Carradine, with his hands twisted in arthritis, is perfect as a dying sentinel to be replaced. The devil is played with enchanting perfection by Burgess Meredith; it's so sweet, but it's so bad. In the film, future stars are hiding: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of a poor girl, and Jerry Orbach playing successfully against the type as an irritating television director. Cursed souls at the end are portrayed by real geeks and geeks. Whoever thought it was a twisted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror film that permeates the movie unexpectedly increases, for example when Alison opens the door and finds something that evokes memories when she found her father with his two whores. He experiences his first suicide attempt, faces a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians and sees a cat cut like a cake. She is repeatedly pulled back and forth through reality and fantasy, through dreams and waking up nightmares, and at the same time they lack the means to cope. In truth, the devil tries to make her mad enough to kill herself before she becomes another guardian. Will it succeed ...? In summary, slow-moving, but indescribably frightening, well-played, but poorly directed, and very typical horror of the 70's, before the real shocking ones loosened up. (No word play) This movie may not work for people with a short attention span, but it may still send chills to the spine and still be low in shock. It remains a strangely captivating and funny immersion in the realm of evil.
