This is one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich, classic production with an excellent cast of team actors, beautiful pictures on the spot, haunting music, intelligent and innovative plot and the atmosphere of fear and danger. It resembles such classic films as BABY ROSEMARY and GLOVES, in which young, vulnerable women fall victim to supernatural forces in old, terrifying buildings with macabre past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top model from New York named Alison Parker. Her joyful, outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicted and worried soul. The evidence for this is the revelation that in her past she tried to commit suicide twice - once as a teenager after stepping on her degenerate father, playing with two women in bed and telling him to snatch a silver crucifix from the neck and throw it on the floor for the second time, after her married wife, a boyfriend lawyer, committed suicide to find out about their affair. Talking about his beauty (played by the appropriately slimy CHRISA SARANDON) that he must live alone for a year, he responds to an advertisement in a newspaper about a fully furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in old brownstone Heights. This building actually exists and is located on 10 Montague Terrace just off the Brooklyn Heights Promenade off Remsen Street. The producers filmed in the building and its flats, paying the residents of course for the inconvenience. Real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in taking over the flat by Alison - a percentage that can not be explained only by a 6% commission she would have earned. Especially when it quickly lowers the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees, and after leaving the building with Miss Logan, he notices an elderly man sitting and apparently staring at her from the window on the top floor. Miss Logan identifies her as Halliran's father and tells Alison that she is blind. Alison's answer is very logical - "Blind? So what is he looking at? "After moving in, Alison meets several other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who provides Alison with an unpleasant welcome in the building. Alison's mental health and well-being soon begin to worsen, and she is plagued by headaches and fainting. When she tells her fears to Miss Logan that her sleep is disturbed by the clatter of metal in the night and the loud noises coming from the apartment directly above her, she is intimidated to learn that, apart from the blind priest and now herself, no one lived in this building for the last three years. Summoning courage to face the night tormentor one evening, she defends herself with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment on the first floor. He stands face to face with the ghost-riddled ghost of his dead father and uses the knife to defend himself when he follows her. The police are investigating and there is no trace of violence in this apartment - neither a corpse, nor blood, nothing. And yet, Alison escaped from the building and fell to the street, bloodied, as it turns out. But there is no trace on it. Alison does not realize until the movie is resolved, because her presence in this stone has a purpose. She was placed there for some reason - a reason whose origin dates back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and Angel Uriel, who was placed at the entrance to guard him against the devil. It is unknowingly prepared and prepared by the Catholic Church for the most important role - one that will ensure that her soul, who is condemned for her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors who turn out to be more than weird freaks have a different plan for her. It is a competent and intelligently made film that surprisingly presents the Church and its representatives in a mostly pleasant light.
