The function of the director / screenwriter Michael Winner is a better than expected, supernatural movie of horror (though still very effective) that really goes unnoticed. Sure, he can borrow ideas from other similar horror themes from this period, but he still manages to introduce his own psychological stigma on a smokescreen (good and evil) and a unique vision that has enough impressive expansiveness, if any exploiting elements at all. The whole is cursory, but remains intriguing, because it instills an ominous load, without worrying about gangsters. In fact, there is always something going on among his hardworking frames, but it is rather poor, with its shaking control of soap patterns and atmospheric tailoring, all the way to its disruptive and terrifying climax with a downbeat revelation. The winner's decorated craft may seem like walking, but is it a band that really keeps it together? when you try to see faces. There is also a lot. Some have more in common with the pattern of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is involved, despite the absurdly harsh nature of it all. It is interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (which is terribly frightening!), Beverly D'Angelo (like), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (neat episode), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in a piece parts. Then you got mild Chris Sarandon and captivatingly great Cristina Raines in the lead. Offering efficient support from José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script revolves around many characters as well as concepts, but becomes chaotic, trying to push it all. However, this confusing air works in his favor in establishing suspicion and deception of what is really happening here. Is there any reason for all this and why does Raines' character surround him? The emphasis is mainly on this mood angle, because it slowly begins to shed light on its internal intentions and on the strange / disturbing experiences it encounters when it moves into a new home. At this point Winner tries to bring out strange shades that cause some ice moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the great, overwhelming orchestral score that never left the instruments of cue and Richard C. Kratina, a vast photo-like photograph.
