Sigh?? I'm honestly wondering why all the acclaimed and supposedly in-depth film critics have such a grudge against director Michael Winner? He certainly is not an avatar of subtlety, because his films are practically always difficult and confrontational, but so what? They are incredibly funny. His most famous action movies, such as the first three entries in the series Death Wish, are easy targets for spoiling, because they allegedly glorify violence and personal use of shotguns, but even when Winner takes on a much more mature genre cinema? such as the religious horrors of "The Sentinel"? there is no chance of any critics. "The Sentinel" caused some controversy and enraged several people after its release, when it leaked that Michael Winner threw a really distorted and handicapped people to present creatures trying to cross the gates between hell and the earth. Almost the same controversy caused that Todd Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the "Freaks" cinema were banned and invisible for more than thirty years! And why? Just because some prudish and easily offended people who should not watch a movie say they are unethical? I do not think Michael Winner or Todd Browning would keep these people at gunpoint or force them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to be ashamed in their place? Another important reason why the critics did not welcome The Sentinel, is Jeffrey Konvitz's novel? so the Michael Winner script? it is very derivative of other contemporary, but much more successful religious horror stories, and therefore, according to the merciless feathers of critics of the horror, little more than pure plagiarism. Although "The Sentinel" borrows many important elements from "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's face it, the cinema of the '70s largely develops on stolen formulas and imitates success stories. If you overlook a bit of the unoriginal concept and, quite rightly, a handful of completely misleading and unnecessary subordinate threads, "The Sentinel" still remains an exceptionally climactic and often even petrifying horror of the 70s with an impressive cast and horrifying imaginations is not easy to forget. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a thrilling model with a few unprocessed mental injuries, moves to a stunning bronze apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her boyfriend Michael, who offered her a wedding. already several times. Alison's physical existence, and especially her mental state, changes drastically soon, and an ominous apartment seems to be the source of all misfortune. He meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for his cats, although the housekeeper claims that she and the blind priest are the only tenants. He often faints during work and has really terrifying visions of his bastard father, and in the evening when she tried to commit suicide. It is slowly becoming clear that Alison has been chosen to serve the supernatural purpose in this building, but at the same time the malicious forces are trying to prevent it. It is really regrettable that the promotional tags, and even a short summary on the back of the DVD, immediately reveal that the brownstone apartment Alison is the earth gate to hell itself and is the chosen one who guarded it, because the script slowly builds up to this shocking revelation. For almost 75 minutes (in some unfortunately boring and too long sequences) Michael Winner has successfully maintained the impression that Alison's own mind plays tricks with her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her fiancé are only red herrings. Many terrifying scenes are approaching genius, like Alison's retrospection or her first acquaintance with the priest above. The whole culmination, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned above, is a literally embarrassing showcase of pure terror and is easily one of the most unforgettable and biting nailing denouements I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> The cast of Michael Winner managed the collection is impressive, especially considering that "The Sentinel" still remains a legal horror movie, and this genre is not the most popular among outstanding actors, but of course you also need to put a list of casts in perspective. With such an extensive cast, of course, several roles in the film are little more than scenes. For example, Martin Balsam and John Carradine appear on the screen only for a few minutes. Several other people (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) may add a lot of fame to the film today, but at the time of its release they were still too unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for the best performances is Burgess Meredith as an amazing neighbor and Eli Wallach as a satirical police inspector. A relatively unknown Cristina Raines performs an admirable job carrying a film, and Chris Sarandon carefully supports her, despite having a funny mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully funny and frightening horror, and definitely a must see for true genre fanatics.
