this is the first of two-part stories about the conflict between machines and humanity in the world of the Matrix, and provides a spectacular combination of observation about the fear of the unknown and appropriation of politics, extensive religious and historical images, the overthrow of the expected performances of the parties involved and at least partially reliable and therefore terrifying vision of our immediate future. it is not perfect, and some of the feature and image points are both obvious and invented, but they have the desired effect and influence, and they tell an inner and cautionary tale. <br /> <br /> this first part marks the stage - human communities have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoid, serving people who do ungrateful, unskilled work, construction, etc., and thus the population has become lazy for them derogatory. however, one robot rebels and kills its owner, declaring in his next attempt that he simply does not want to die. it is destroyed, but when the destruction of the masses of robots aims to protect humanity, many robots arise in protest, along with many human supporters next to them. <br /> <br /> the image here is exploitation, it talks about the riots and abuses on the track, the Tiananmen square, the holocaust and the overly provocative scene of the robot in the guise of a human girl who is harassed, hammered in the head and then shot when begging " I'm real". lies on the ground, clothes and skin torn, and breasts come out. it is an obvious and indecent picture aimed at presenting human fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> besides, this first part is very similar to the compressed version of I Robot, but soon becomes a recognizable Matrix story, when the surviving contingent of robots is banished and gathers in the Middle East, the cradle of civilization, as informs us narrator. there machines regroup and start to produce new artificial intelligence and produce mass technology and exchange it with human nations. we see an advert of a car using circular energy engines that rebel ships use in movies and we see a sentry type of robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their commodities and trade make their economy grow rapidly, adversely affecting other economies, and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors in the form of similarities between Adam and Eve to the UN congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade, but they are removed and the stage is prepared for war in the second part. <br /> <br /> animation by Studio 4 ° C, which works on several animatrixes and is suggestive and visually stimulating, rendering various scenes such as image montage, CCTV recordings and specific import scenes characteristic and generally presenting the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept and may be based on simplified sheep mentions and role models and resort to provocative material for a blow, but after the seductive secret offered by the first film and unclear short information Morpheus is a good display of catastrophic events that devastated the world in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and as a carrier of many observations and comments about the human condition, the development of artificial intelligence and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the destructive consequences of conflict and prejudice, topics developed in films.
