It was the first thing that came to my mind when I watched the final credits to Europe that appeared on the screen, I have never seen a movie about such a technical genius in my entire life, the visuals of Europe are so impressive that every movie I watch in his the trail only fades in comparison, forget about your Michael Bay, the slick Hollywood cinema of Ridley Scott, Europe has more ethereal beauty than anything that these two conjure up in a million years. Now I would be the first to call Lars von Trier a genius next to his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but it's stupid, the fact that Europe has long been not noticed by film experts is a crime against cinema, while overrated junk, such Like a crouching tiger, a hidden dragon and Life is beautiful, they clean up the academies (but what they know) Europe has been hidden, shops with absent films and (until recently) any British television channels. <br /> <br /> Graphics in Europe are not gloss MTV; this is not a case of style over a substance, but rather a case of the dictation style of a substance. Like his first film, The Element of the Crime, von Trier uses the main character's perspective to draw us into his world, and like the Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, we, the audience) to be hypnotized. As we descend the tracks, Narrator's voice (Max von Sydow) counts us into a deep sleep until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three operators to pay for the conventions of time and images, there are many scenes in Europe, when the figure in the background, which is black and white, will interact with the person in the foreground, which will be the color, von Trier tries to show us how much preference is given to a colored object or person over the story, for example, it is no surprise that the first shot by Leopold Kessler (Jean-marc Barr) is the color, because he is the only character whose actions have an advantage over the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not be on par with the performances in von Trier's later films, but it's only because the images are sometimes so distracting that you do not really get them around for the first time. However, I would like to draw attention to the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by two opposing sides until it explodes in the last act of the film. Again, the film, like The Element of Crime, ends with the fact that our hero is not able to wake up from his nightmare, left in this terrible place, only a continuous narration of von Sydow to seal his fate. Europe is an amazing film and I can not think how bad it was that von Trier abandoned this way of filming, because apparently he was one of the most talented visual directors working at that time, Europe, like the rest of his cinema cannon is full of iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and miserable stage is unrivaled, not to mention the use of sound and production design. But since his melodramas without unnecessary additions have been Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, who can argue, but it seems a waste of imagination. 10/10
