The year 2003 was seen as the Matrix year, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually combined with the story of the movie. Also released a DVD with 9 short animated films, the most written and produced in Japan and made as Anime. Japan creates some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of the prequel for the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The second renaissance is created as a historical file. He talks about how people created machines in their image. People live a high life, while machines are murmurs, workers of society, second-class citizens. In 2090, the BI-66ER machine was brought to justice for murder, after killing its owners, who wanted to deactivate it. The machine does not have a fair trial, and the riots begin all over the world. World governments order the dismantling of machines. Many machines leave human society and create their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily cuts the human nations, forcing them to economic crisis. Human blockade 01 and rejects the machines' requests for peace, thus people were responsible for the war that enslaves them. <br /> <br /> The second renaissance is an interesting watch with a perfect, traditional style of animation and establishes a fascinating world. It shows how machines were treated badly, and humanity sowed the seeds of its own destruction. There is a political and social world, and the abbreviation says a lot in a short time. Short themes of the action and the style of the classic mute movie Metropolis, partly the beginning of the underground. These are the subjects of slavery, ill-treatment of the working class and racism. It also has some religious themes and religious iconography. First of all, people saw themselves as God and created machines in their own image. Seeing themselves as the rightful machine masters. Machines also use religious iconography, mainly creating their nation in the "cradle of human civilization" and machines coming to the United Nations dressed up as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, made in the traditional anime style (like Akira). Scenery designs are great, they combine futuristic with historical cities, e.g. Washington D.C .. There is a scene of the future and a surprising violence that is the key to the film. Director Mahiro Maeda also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good references to Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and know how to lead a story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is the continuity error of the first Matrix movie, because Morpheus mentions that people do not have any historical records or do not know who started the war. But it's a good watch.
