Prison is not often discussed during the best horror movies of the eighties, and there is a good reason for it, because it is not one of the best ... but when you delve into the classic films that the decade has to offer, it is certainly one of the best lesser known / smaller films. The film has some connections with film hits; for starters, this is an early directing effort for Renny Harlin; a capable director of many action movies, including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; secondly, we have an early role in the film The Lord of the Rings, Viggo Mortensen. The film is not exactly original, but the plot is interesting. We focus on the prison, which was reopened after a few years. It was a prison in which a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to an electric chair after he was bound by a prison governor. Naturally, the spirit of the deceased does not rest in peace; and when the old execution room is reopened, the ghost of the dead condemned man flees in order to take revenge. <br /> <br /> The film is not exactly Shawshank's Redemption, but it cares about building its various characters and while the main point of the film is always horror, the prison drama creates an interesting base behind all of this. It is also a good job, because apart from the basic premise, the film does not really have a "storyline", and we rely solely on the interaction between characters to make things interesting. Horror appearing in the movie is sometimes grotesque, but it never exaggerates, which may be the reason why this film is rarely remembered, released over a decade of excess. The murders themselves are rather good and imaginative, and provide some important points. As the film begins to drag, we begin to delve into the spirit of the vindictive condemned man, and although it is quite interesting, some things on this subject do not make sense and stretch the movie a bit. After all, it all boils down to an exciting climax and I have to say that Prison is a movie worth following.
