Prisons are not known for their hospitality and "joyous vibrations", which is associated with stories of fighting, chaos, murder and of course extreme male binding! But the prison in this movie is a completely different beast. Horror films embedded in cells, as you probably know, are nothing new, because they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the impossibility of escaping? the two biggest motifs in the cinema of horror. With such examples as KRZESŁO (Waldermar Korzeniowski, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the same genre of female exploitation in prison, the next entry into this niche must be something ingenious and pleasant to run to be recognized. At least you would think. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and pleasant ride and a bit ashamed that it is not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film, in a nutshell, focuses on the old prison (well, duh!), which was reopened. However, it is not only prisoners and prisoners whom the prisoners must fear, but also the spirit of a demonic spirit who has only one thing; death! And boy, we're treated to incredible death scenes! I will not ruin you here, but there are plenty of innovative and pleasant murders that make invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to special effects and murders, this film also has a different meaning; this is the cast. Headlining, we have LORD OF THE RINGS (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star of Viggo Mortensen (and for all so inclined, yes, he gets naked), whose performance is not only highly credible, but is performed with such a skill that his The Eastwood-esquire character is both bad and nice (a very delicate mix). Add him to the cast of "hey-wait-a-minute-I know-this-guy" actors and you have one great set of stars. The characters themselves, however, do not have three-dimensionality and are often not seen as very stereotypical. We have a black ophthalmologist, a tough prison guard, a woman-protector of human rights and a lot of other characters. But to be honest, this "fault" actually supports the film. Instead of boring character development in a too long balance, we are more or less thrown straight into the action, and when it starts to work (very early), there is not a single scene that would be a filler? are balls on the storyline of the wall. Unlike some SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Dividing conventions with the Slasher genre, it is a bit of a convention in itself and, in a good, shapely tradition of the genre, PRISON punishes those who were bad. <br /> <br /> In summary, this is an excellent little horror movie and one that is unfortunately overlooked and not mentioned in the world of horror movies. Thanks to the excellent cast and great special effects and rather original death scenes, this film is especially recommended for horror fans. Do not be fooled into thinking that it will be a cheesy little movie, just because it was made in the 80s in the US, it is not tacky (although the end spoils it), yet far from harshness and realistic (while trying to solve problems such as rape in prison, they are rather subtly made. <br /> <br /> It gives me 3.5 by 5 luvs. Very funny horror with very nice touches.
