I pulled out the VHS box from my huge collection - many invisible - and chose a film based on box art, I thought it would be fun, and yes, wrong. The prison looked like those cheesy 80s. I sat down and watched, and here! and see! it turned out that sometimes we sit down to the film with the expectations expected. Fortunately, I quickly turned around and soon realized that I was sitting not only for a good movie, but for a pretty good movie. The prison tells the story of an old, ruined prison that was reopened to avoid budgetary problems. It looks terrifying, like all empty and full prisoners. The prison used as a set is extremely atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story of prison as its central setting tells in the prologue of a man killed by an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - breaking a crucifix before sending a man to his Creator. Then we go to the present day, first with the government's management at the meeting deciding to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to make sure that the conditions are acceptable, because it is conducting a vigorous campaign against the re-opening of the old prison. Then we see a new headman, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new task of opening a prison that he had not been in for years. The rest goes hand in hand: prisoners and guards arrive with lots of stereotypes. We get a bit of character depth, and some prisoners are interesting characters. Acting is better than you would expect when Lane Smith always does a job like a job. Viggo Mortenson as a completely different prisoner is solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really discover the limits of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is fine when it comes to a woman. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underestimated character actor, like Cresus - a prisoner who was in the same prison many years ago when the "man" was executed "with some terrible secret. Prison is not the best successor of something to sliced ​​bread or something like that, but it is definitely worth looking at and definitely better than most people expected. I was pleasantly surprised by the way in which director Renny Harlin created a story so visually romantic. pace and Harlin knows how to build his scenes, there are a few overly shot scenes - the one with barbed wire was a bit like the one with all the pipes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. uniformly decent. The script is actually much more consistent than usual in movies such as those that are partially attributable to Irwin Yablans, who wrote the story. Here, the imprisonment is far more terrifying than it is. Give the prison a break (get it).
