What we have here is a fascinating piece of low-budget horror with a relatively original assumption, a cast full of well-known faces and one of the most convincing film locations in horror history. So ... could anyone tell me why this movie is so unappreciated ??? "Prison" is the American debut of Finnish director Harlin, who is still one of his best efforts, despite the fact that he continues to create hit songs such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The whole story takes place in an ancient and ruined prison in Wyoming, reopened for the purpose of excessive population in other, more modern state penitentiaries. Inside the former execution dungeon still lives the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair. The promoted commander Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there 40 years ago, when this innocent man was killed, and the ghost still remembers his wicked role in an unjust trial. It seems that the time has come for revenge. Viggo Mortensen plays a good car thief who must prevent even more bodies, and Chelsea Field is a humane social worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains more than half a dozen memorable gore sequences, but it's an unbearable tense atmosphere that will remain for sure! Unlike other horrors from this decade, "Prison" is characterized by an amazing sense of realism! In this way, I refer to the authentic scenery and mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not to the supernatural murders that are committed ... even if they are really disturbing. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and difficult prison-dramatic sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. Absolutely the best moment of terror (providing me with nightmares since I saw her at a fairly young age) focuses on the grizzly-death fight with barbed wire. Insistent!! The scenario suffers only one drawback, but it's common ... almost inevitable, I think: stereotypes! History presents almost every possible stereotype in a prison environment. We have an ugly, fat pervert with his "sweet" toy for a boy, a cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ?? naturally ?? old, wise black opponent who serves life (did I hear someone shouting for the name of Morgan Freeman?) Do not look blindly at these stereotypes, this is my advice, because there are so many other elements to admire. Photography is dark and damp, the mystery is maintained for a long time and the supporting roles of class B prisoners are excellent (fans recognize Tom Everett, Tom "Tina" Lister, and even the immortal icon of horror Kane Hodder). Forget the horrible attempt of Wes Craven, "Shocking" or even pathetic heart fluttering "Chair." This is the only prison unit worth tracking! Especially considering that Viggo Mortensen is currently enjoying popularity (I heard that he was in a successful series with the participation of elves, hobbits and other fairies ...).
