"The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie" began his life as a satirical comic in the "Private Eye", written by Barry Humphries and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" to his friends) is a thin, loud, hat-bearing Australian, whose two main interests in life are sex (even though he never had it) and Fosters lager. In 1972, he came across the big screen for the first two exits. Humphries had to tempt to throw himself at the "Bazza", but he wisely left his work to Barry Crocker (later he sang the theme in the television soap opera "Neighbors!"). Humphries instead played many roles in the real fashion of Peter Sellers, especially in the overbearing aunt of the Bazza "Edna Everage" (it was before he became Dame). <br /> <br /> You know it will not be "The Importance of Being Ernest" when its censorship of the NPA classification means "No Poofters Allowed". The hateful Sydney-based attorney says that in order to inherit his father's will, he must go to England to absorb British culture. Together with his aunt Edna, he catches the Quantas flight to Hong Kong and then to London. The excessively efficient customs officer makes Bazza pay import duties on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of "Lager Fager Tubs". As he put it: "when it comes to escape, Poms has an advantage on gyppos!". The crafty taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the tariff, taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge and then to Scotland. The streets of London are dirty, and their hotel is a cottage run by a dingy owner (Spike Milligan), who every twenty minutes makes Bazza puts the notes into a pound. However, we have good news for our hero; he meets other Australians at Earls Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comic escapades that take Bazza in his own cigarette advertisement, putting curry on his pants in the belief that it is a form of aphrodisiac, a bizarre meeting with Dennis Price as a pervert of a higher class who loves to be scared while wearing a student's uniform, a young conservative dance at Rickmansworth for a charity rock concert where his song about 'Chundering (vomiting) almost makes him an international star and finally BBC TV Center, where he pulls down his pants on a live talk show, hosted by the man of the thinking man, Joan Bakewell. The fire explodes, and Bazz's friends come to the rescue - the Foster cans pee on flames en masse. <br /> <br /> This is far from the later works of Bruce Beresford - "Breaker Morant" and "Driving Miss Daisy". At the time of the premiere critics criticized him for being too "vulgar". Well, yes, but it's also a great non-P.C. fun. "Bazza" is a disgusting work, but his joy of life is infallible, you can not help but like a guy. His various euphemisms to urinate ("Percy point on porcelain") and vomiting ("yawning Technicolor") passed into English without many people knowing where they came from. Among other guest stars are Dick Bentley (as a detective who chases Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later in "Rock Follies"), and even future art presenter Russell Davies. - wonderfully named "Barry McKenzie Holds His Own" came out two years later. At its premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to crack down on the critics who had made the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> However, what had to be a bigger worry for him was the release of "Crocodile Dundee" in 1985. He also appeared thin, wearing an Aussie hat, who tried to reach an agreement with an alien culture. And he made tons more money. <br /> <br /> The song about the final subtitles (performed by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is great. You love the text that contains the poem: "If you want to send your sister crazy, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!" It's time to finish this review. I have to go to a sow to shake hands with the unemployed ...
