There are many materials from the comics and novels of Modesty Blaise, which would be great in the film. Unfortunately, several attempts have been made and they have failed to gain great character potential. So no, this is not Modesty, which you know from the comic (now reprinted in nice editions from Titan Books). It is modest about 5 or 6 years before the first bar, and from what you can put together with its history, it is accurate. <br /> <br /> Miramax had rights to the film to the character, with Quentin Tarantino acting as a lawyer and technical advisor. The early Miramax project attempts to adapt one of the best novels, but they have always succeeded in missing a key element. Tarantino was not satisfied with any of them and suggested removing his name from the project so that they could continue. To recognize the studio, they wanted to stop him because they knew he had "got" the character and its world. Because the rights to the film are close to expiration, they decided to try a completely different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty", a small movie directly to the film that introduces the character. <br /> <br /> The movie does not depict Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important for Blaise's adventures in most of the published stories. What this film achieves is to show the character's strength in person. He never loses his peace and never doubts that he even commands the defenseless in a room full of gangsters with guns. Most of the film takes place in the casino, which undoubtedly saved money on production. It does not matter. The movie is not so cheap. Instead, it gives a rather extensive (and credible) story for the character and shows how far he thinks about the future. If Miramax now adapts some of the comic stories or novels, they have put a nice background to the character and will not have to spend much time on its "origin". I realize that the words "Direct-to-Video" do not inspire confidence, but this movie is worth watching.
