Brief abstract <br /> <br /> This film begins with the release of soldiers from the company of men. One of them is pursuing another strange scheme, the other one refuses many times. Later, they are both trapped in an office building where they want to break the safe during Christmas. Hostility turns into playful banter and then into a desperate struggle for survival (when teasing, they lose all drinking liquids, so it is really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-oiled torsos, they hammer a hole in the wall and finally manage to escape? just to find out that they were betrayed and founded by women. One is caught, the other is free and is not given away by his companion. Last meeting, last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, farewell, my friend. <br /> <br /> It was hard for me not to see homosexuals in the two main heroes, played by classic hestman superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Of course, they are attracted to each other, their treatment of women is disgusting and marked with contempt. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic aftertaste, a bit like Liberation. It is also very stylish. The security that both men want to break is in ?? on time ?? ultra modern tower made of glass and aluminum. This is the headquarters of an advertising company, so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings around it. The wardrobe is also very good. The ultra-stylish Citroen DS (maybe the most modern and elegant car of all time) is big in this movie? perhaps a subtle kind of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie only for the actor's performances. Delon and Bronson really share the best bills, in a way that seemed to me very honest and sporty. Both perform a significant amount of aerobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he really works - and speaks French, with a heavy accent he buys very passively. And it is certainly the man we hear. (Therefore, the French language version is recommended). The police inspector who is chasing the two is played by one of my favorite Franchis actors, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He's the best brainy police inspector I know. Also very good is the former children's actress Brigitte Fossey, who is a young guest who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems. <br /> <br /> Anyone expecting a "old in-an-out" movie may be disappointed with classic video attacks. For those who have a little patience, it will be a rewarding experience, full of innovative and original ideas and directorial quirks, although to me it is a bit too brutal and sadistic.
