Completely tactical, strange (watch out for the perverse moment of a dead, wonderful blonde acting like a string for some rich people), a pointless, but undoubtedly fascinating function of late night. This unbridled French production is a goulash of embarrassed, uncollected ideas and random plot illustrations centered around very charismatic stars (if in a sense anti-heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They really do not do that much, especially in the limited, long central part in which they hide in the building during the Christmas break, to break up the safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh! But this is a strange, though intriguing relationship between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After the manipulative battle of testaments (and childish cunning games against each other), they both come to an agreement in which they perceive mutual commitment and mutual respect. Later in this story, the next part of this undetectable curve would play. Still, their meetings at the beginning suggest that there are more, but what we get is unclear, and it intensifies: "What's going on?" The ending that can make you jump. YEEEEAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad I got it out of the system. <br /> <br /> The stimulation is terribly slow, but for her it is measured gently and it seems that it was deliberately done to exhaust her nervous, nervous tension. Watch how the same process repeats itself over and you know that something is not right and the combinations eventually come into play. Now everything that happens seems too spontaneous, but the climax is haunting. A tight, complex script is probably a bit too cunning for your own good, but there are also some new products (Coins, glass and liquids? Try not to spill) and visual symbols. The direction of Jean Herman is effective and sophisticated, but takes on a bit of artificiality and introduces an unpleasant icy atmosphere. The FX sound effect is a stronger note than the funky Francois DeRoubaix, which is mainly wrapped after its surprising opening. The best drawers Delon (which is quite steel) and Bronson (jovial twist) are solid and each of them works amazingly. Bernard Fresson writes about attitude as an inspector who knows that something more is happening than what is being done. An attractive female cast offers support from Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A cryptically non-directional but refined crime drama supported by two wires and bizarre inclusions.
