If you're already a fan of the great Modesty Blaise by Peter O'Donnell from the sixties, you'll really like this movie. If you've ever seen "Modesty Blaise" from 1966, forget about it! It was a camp. This is a real modest Blaise. History and character are faithful to modesty, which fans of books know and love. This is a long way from the travesty of Joe Losey in 1966. He seriously treats our modesty. Alexandra Staden is quite good and reliable in this part, and yes, we see her ass kick. chichot <br /> <br /> This will probably be the first movie in the series and as such is intended to introduce Humility, her childhood and the days with Lob. <br /> <br /> From Peter O 'Donnell was a creative consultant in the film, everything really rings. Even the story that O'Donnell talked about how he came up with the character is what he told her. After reading all the books I enjoyed this movie even more. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has retained his option, thanks to filming Quentin Tarrentino, I hope to see more stories as soon as possible. Especially that the wonderful figure of Willie Garvin makes the figure of Modesty really come alive. For this purpose, I hope that the film will be well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax intends to ever distribute DVDs in the US. I suspect that in the United States this may not work in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute the films. <br /> <br /> In this story, Modesty is 20 years old and works at the Louche Casino in Tangier. Flashback sequences are ingeniously made and take Modesty for about 9 years, through her teens up to her present age in the movie - probably around 21-22. I really do not think that there is an "ideal actress" for Modesty. For many of us, the modesty fans are already too strong in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is reliable. She is very slim, graceful and composed. He has many close-ups. He has a great face - one that sticks to the head after the movie ends. According to the illustrator O 'Donnell, Romero, Modesty has a rather fuller character than Staden, but I'm inclined to overlook it. If Staden continues to play this role, I think she will grow up - just as Modesty becomes more and more powerful and more trained as she grows older. Staden already gives humor and absolute certainty to Modesta. Go ahead and rent this movie, it does not look like anything you've seen, and although it was directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino touch, great camera moves, lighting and well-done action sequences.
