This is the first film by Jean Renoir Cichy, which I watched and perhaps rightly, because it is generally considered his best, except that it is also his first big job. In general, it is a very sure and technically realized film that denies that it was only Renoir's second effort. For director's fans, he is full of interesting tips about Renoir's future films, especially THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in the lower class femme fatale madly desired by various nobles who dishonor themselves for her - but also RULES OF THE GAME (1939) - showing how noisy servants behave in one sequence, when their masters turn away from them - and FRENCH CANAN (1955) - you can see that Nana has to go in a scandalous dance at some point. Personally, I would say that the movie is for G.W. A respectable companion. PANDORA'S BOX Pabsta (1928), THE BLUE ANGEL by Josef von Sternberg (1930) and LOLA MONTES by Max Ophuls (1955) in a vivid reproduction of the dirty life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> Having said all this, the film was a loud critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "crazy venture", which was later mentioned by Renoir himself in his memories, which not only personally cost him a fortune (he finally eased the resulting financial burden, selling some of his late-father's paintings), but almost forced him to give up the cinema for good! Stylistically, NANA is completely different from the sound of Renoir and owes a special debt to the film of Erich von Stroheim FOOLISH WIVES (1922), a film that Renoir admired - and personally, I should visit presto again (being the owner of DVD Cinema and other von Stroheims from 4 years). In any case, NANA is certainly not without flaws: the intentional pace can be felt during the overly generous 130-minute working time with some sequences (horse race especially in the middle) especially long. <br /> <br /> It is also difficult sometimes too much style of acting at the exhibition - especially Nana Nather and Raymond Guerin-Catelain by Georges Hugh (one of its various suitors) ... although technically they are their characters, and therefore a bad actress (who take a courtesy lifestyle when he is booed from the stage) and an immature weakling, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (then wife of Renoir's wife) is not attractive enough to be very convincing as "the epitome of elegance" (as another devotee describes it in one stage) who is able to enslave every man, which he meets. Others known in the cast are "Dr. Caligari ", Werner Krauss (as the hottest admirer of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as initially skeptical, but ultimately tragic competitor of Nana) and future prominent film director Claude Autant-Lara (announced as Claude Moore, and also serving as the director's art here ) as a close friend of Muffat, but secretly in love with the neglected wife of the latter! <br /> <br /> The print I watched - through "Lionsgate's Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - is for the most part beautifully restored and beautifully darkened, which was previously only available on the French DVD. Based on classical French literature (no less than Emile Zola), it can not help but has been transferred several times to the screen, and the two most notable film versions are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (With Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill I'm the owner of VHS ) and Christian-Jaque's in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, whom I do not know).
