I loved this movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) critics I've read for years. It was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to be having a great time with his part as Chandler Jarrell, and he should never be bothered by what the critics say if he had fun doing it? and most of its audience liked it! And it was fun to watch because it combined a fantastic fantasy tension with Mr. Murphy's great comedy style. Do you have to remember that "Golden Child" is a fantasy film? just an ingenious work of magic and I am wondering in the "real" world. At the time this movie was released, I worked at a movie rental company. It was one of the most popular among all our clients. Every time we put it on our monitor, ALL copies, which we have chosen quickly, with waiting list requests that kept them queued for many months! Everyone who hired him loved it! I was a film critic resident and all my regular clients would ask me for an opinion before they rented out? it was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my clients, so I highly recommended it to most of them. I really feel that this movie is Sleeping? at the checkout maybe not too good? because of very poor marketing? but later it reached a high level in the video rental and purchase department! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I loved the little boy who played the "Golden Child"? J. L. Reate - but after seeing his profile in IMDb, I noticed that he never made films again. It's sad because it definitely had an aura on screen and he could continue his film career. I also loved Victor Wong, who played in Old Man (I loved him in his role of "Egg Shen" in "Big Trouble in Little China" - 1986). In any case, it was a great movie. The only drawbacks that did not fit the topic were some parts that had a slightly more "adult" character? such as Chandler's "sexual comments on the serpent woman who was presented to him as a silhouette. It was fun, but it was still synchronized. OK, so there were some suggestive free scenes? perhaps they were introduced in the daytime. It was still an adventure and escapist movie we need today to escape from all the hard reality and depressing down from which we draw from Hollywood. Entertainment is now!
