I always feel weird and guilty by saying this (because I'm quite a well-educated, non-adolescent), but I really like the Olsen twins and I respect films that they do, even though I never really was their target group. "When in Rome" was a traditional film by Mary-Kate and Ashley, containing foreign travels, accents, motorcycles, an adult affair as a "B" storyline, fashion orientation and even twine on loans. I liked. "When in Rome" and Olsen's other twin films never pretend to be anything they are not; most of the time they only premiere on video and never claim that they are the next "Citizen Kane" or even "A Affair to Remember. I mean, people who watch this movie and expect it to be something different than Olsen's other twin film will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> He said that those who are fans of Olsen twins will really have fun. For those of us who have watched them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really great to see them in more mature roles. This video contains important historical and geographic information, as well as many other movies (remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and visiting the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"), and also about good, pure fun that can be satisfied through the whole family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel like I am on my soap dish and as long as I can adapt it to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins: to be a fan of Olsen twins, you do not have to be an earlier "valley girl" from California. In fact, this is not the target audience. If so, the MK & A clothing and accessories line will be run by Gap or in such a store, not in Wal-Mart. "When in Rome", while in the film there is "fashionable fashion" and spinning in circles, and two girls from the valley in Cali, it really has no idea ... it's more about inspiring young girls who have the initiative to take them place. If it means setting the movie in some great city with cute guys on motorcycles, so be it. This is called marketing - you take the idea and sell it, making it attractive. At least they send good news, even if the funds seem a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically, do not hit the movie until you see it, and then do not knock until you try to understand what the Olsen twins are doing: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive and driven young women. This film does, I think, like others. Children - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
