This well-thought-out and carefully researched document presents a terrifying case of the Chagos islanders, who, as shown, in 1969-1971 were forcefully deported massively from their homeland by collusion of British and American rule. Anglo-American decision-makers decided to do so because of their belief that the islands would be strategically important bases for controlling the Indian Ocean by projecting air and sea power. During the Cold War, when most new independent postcolonial states were moving away from the western orbit, it seems that British and American officials felt that allowing the islanders to decide the fate of the islands was not a viable option. Instead, they decided on effective forced removal of the native population. The film shows that at the time of being expelled, the islanders were not specialized, and the displaced Chagossa community from the docks in Mauritius, where they were left, fell into three decades of deprivation, and in these new circumstances he was afflicted by homesickness, experiencing a significantly accelerated pace of death. <br /> <br /> However, after more than three decades, in the last months (and years), after the release of many completely condemned documents from the British Public Record Office (someone rather suspects that some mistake was made, and these documents never they were not supposed to be made public), the resulting legal appeals of the Chagossian community in exile showed consistently the British courts in favor of the islanders and against the British state. As a result, the astonishing and disturbing conclusions drawn in the film can be reasonably considered to be proven. Nevertheless, the governments of the United Kingdom and the United States have so far not committed themselves to returning the islands to what the courts have finally recognized as legitimate residents. It is a very valuable movie that everyone can see, but it is an important film for the British and Americans. Silence in the face of these facts consists in being a co-participant of a completely ugly crime.
