The fight against the death penalty is the right reason. Anyone who is sensible in Europe would think. In the US, everything is different. The film seems to show at the first stage that justice can be won against racist bigot for the death penalty of American justice. The young man is freed from the death cell thanks to the professor of law who returned to counseling in this matter. But the movie has a sequel. Justice in the US is completely regulated by the purpose of revenge. The miscarriage of justice is exactly the same as vengeance. One person in a local public attorney has a young man accused of false accusations. This official public prosecutor drops allegations after a while, and the young man goes out for free. But he loses his scholarship and is neutered by vengeful people for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears vengeance. But he must also satisfy his sexual needs, which are certainly more psychological than hormonal, but even stronger, because they are mental and are not hormonal anymore and can only be done with young girls. Apparently, he works with another serial killer who chases the same type of victim. One day, local cops follow their intuition, guided by vague circumstantial elements in the murder of a young girl, and arrest a young boy whom we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing more than blows and punches, phone books and weapons, and Russian roulette. She confesses. Sent to the death cell, he asks his grandmother to go to the law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of a representative of the local prosecutor who accused him falsely several years ago and revenge is on the rails. This will fail, but shows that if only one on the line of justice, police work and other security forces crosses the limit of absolute legality, some unjust act will be committed that can ruin even the best case of accusation and feed the worst deepest imaginable desire for revenge. Charging someone with circumstantial elements is just as bad as letting circumstantial evidence spoil the work of police or justice. The best intentions on the police side are ruined by some personal involvement and vengeful intent, just as a person's life may be endangered by circumstantial evidence overstated, which in turn will threaten the whole matter by simply being circumstantial and therefore easy to reject, with good lawyer. The film is then a deep reflection on the need to comply with norms and regulations in the whole police and justice system, if we do not want to make a mistake, which, of course, does not justify the death penalty, because in any case it is contrary to the deepest belief that Americans have: "We consider these truths to be obvious that all human beings are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, that among them are Life, Freedom and Pursuit of Happiness." (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable Law that has been given to man by his Creator, which means that no one but the one who gave him can take it, only God can take the life away from the person The death penalty is an arrogant appropriation of power that we do not have, even if we do not invoke God, we can not justify the punishment death, unless it is an act of revenge, and here the film shows revenge ę is the worst possible motivation in issuing justice and establishing public peace. If revenge is pushed aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can always be a mistake in this endeavor, not in Szcześć, but in revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Sorbonne Pantheon, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
