Attractive thriller !!, 10 December 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from the United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Performers: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <Br /> Liberal, though good-natured Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong is called to the Flordia Everglades by the unjustly condemned black guy Bobby Earl. Trusting this sadistic, cold-haired cops was blackened and beaten to a pulp to confess the gruesome murder of an eleven-year-old girl. Moving on to a mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. Black police detective Lt.Tanny Brown from a small community is corrupt and maliciously malicious. When introduces the infamous, psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan. He discovers that he knows where the murder weapon that attacked a little girl is. When Armstrong discovers that there are clear coincidences of Sullivan's travel through the small town and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl gets a replay. I am not imprisoned and escapes his terrible punishment. Everything seems fine until an unexpected phone call comes from the serial killer Sullivan. Armstrong discovers a horrible double homicide that happens to be Sullivan's parents. Who he hates so much. Sullivan reveals to Armstrong the truth about the shameful murder of Joanie Shriver, and why it has turned out that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic murderer and he really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just made a deal with the devilish psycho Sullivan. To free himself so he can kill once more for revenge. On the beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong. Now Sullivan is executed to death. Armstrong and a tough, good guy Brown chases a sinister villain to the Everglades to cross him. castration. But good, a virtuous Brown policeman emerges and frustrates a brutal villain. I was stabbed and eaten by ruthless, eating alligators. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. It provides both mystery and deception. Like reluctant negroes, they are exposed to danger by racist lawyers. Condemned to unfair penalties. Even if sometimes wrongly condemned innocent, a friendly black man can actually be bad evil. Sean Connery is great as unconscious, more holy than your hero. Laurence Fishburne is amazingly amazing, as an arrogant but good policeman. Underwood and Harris are on top and come alive when the mischievous psychos.Capeshaw is alright. Ruby Dee is great as a persistent grandmother. The rest of the cast is also great.
