This is the fifth film by von Trier that I saw. I think he is the only director to whom I gave such a high score in all of his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave 10, and one, The Idiots, I gave 9 (and I wondered if give him 10 since I first saw it, although I would like to see it He was accused of being called one of the best working directors, I agree with him, I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great films. In 50 years, when von Trier will retire, he will be considered an outstanding film artist from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and on his behalf will be taught. He is simply Bergman or Fellini of our time. It is a pity the critics are too intrigued to notice this. <br /> < br /> About Europe itself, I admit that it was misleading and that her narrative did not seem strong.I think that's the point.This movie was, of course, to present a nightmare or subconscious at a certain level.It clearly follows from the frame of the film: n Max von Sydow's aristotism. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious mind. I am inclined to lean more towards his mind, because the degradation of Europe concerns me, the American, very little. This framing is also clear if you saw The Element of Crime, an even more brilliant film (although I question it in my mind, what Europe needs more than anything else is the right release on DVD, hopefully the Criterion again with the Theater Coefficient proportions and remastered sound and picture, so I'm pretty sure this movie would look as great as any other von Trier movie. In The Element of Crime, the film starts with the hypnotist, this time on the screen, mesmerizing Fisher, the European detective, who wants to get to the roots of his mind. "The first words of this movie are:" Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on track. "And whenever Fisher, the narrator, walks down the path, the hypnotist scolds him and tells him to go back to history He even laughs when the character gets a really stupid and banal line. Something like, "Do you understand the difference? the difference between good and evil? "The hypnotist laughs and says:" Now, Fisher, she did not really say, right? "<br /> <br /> So the key to Europe's interpretation, almost a kind of sequence to The Element of Crime, is that we are deep in the subconscious of our / von Trier, and the symbols there are interpreted in ourselves and probably will be different for everyone. What does the train symbolize? Consider it internally and then discuss it outside. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I never got bored with it, although I watched it at 3am. The right time to watch, because it works in the logic of sleep.
