Story: The narrative of narrator Max von Sydow hypnotizes the protagonist (and the public) until 1945. When our hero, the young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), just arrived in Germany after World War II in 1945, to help rebuild the destroyed country . Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) provides Leopold with work in a large railway corporation Zentropa, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of Zentropy's owner Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold is soon caught in a network of corruption, exploited, losing ideology and forced to choose between pests and colera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, hypnotizing, manipulative, noisy, haunting, beautiful, and ugly. Here are some immediate, wonderful descriptions that come to mind when we think about the masterpieces of Lars von Trier from 1991. EUROPA; the last chapter of the Europa trilogy. In the United States, he was changed to ZENTROPA, so that the audience would not mistake him for EUROPA EUROPA by Agnieszka Holland in 1990 (Also a drama from World War II). The Europa trilogy also consists of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (an infamous experiment in which only 900 tickets were sold in Danish cinemas). The trilogy thematically deals with hypnosis and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as important as visualizations. In the first shot, EUROPA we see a locomotive moving in our direction, while our unidentified narrator literally mesmerizes us: "In the mental number of ten you will be in Europe. Be there at ten. I say: ten. " Metaphor of the film's ability to transfer us into the subconscious reality of sleep. <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses a strange but extremely effective visual style - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkowski is the main influence of Trier, he says everything. It is a black and white film sometimes interspersed with red in the form of blood, a red dress, etc. According to rumors, Steven Spielberg inspired him to use a similar effect in the 1993 Shinder List (Accidentally another drama from World War II). What's more, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and rediscovers the background projection, adding layers that work together on layers, but unlike the old Hollywood movies that have introduced them for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully crafted strange visual techniques emphasize that we are in fact dreams, we are hypnotized; the EUROPA universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for weighing advanced technology (such as a multi-layered background projection) above the story and characters, but hey, this is what the reviewers criticized the visual masterpiece of Stanley Kubrick from 1968 2001: ODYSSEY SPACE - now a mandatory place in all books about the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is also accused of historical incapacity. Apparently Trier attributes the historical terrorist group to the Nazi terror group. According to various Internet sources that are correct (a fascinating topic - try to google it yourself!), However, Trier's goals are neither educational nor historical goals. EUROPA is a never-ending nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, which is why the universe that the audience meets is a distorted reality. Equally well shows how our memory deceives us - 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young recipients who have experience with EUROPA are too young to have memories of World War II, we have a collective memory of this from various BBC documentaries, so these little inaccuracies really serve the purpose: they inform us that we are not in Germany after the Second World War. but in Leopold's memory. <br /> <br /> All three chapters of the Europa trilogy present young ideologues with noble intentions forced to corruption and losing ideological innocence. The ambiguous endings of FORBRYDELSENS and EUROPA ELEMENTS show that ideologists fall into their hypnotized realities forever. Before, during and after the release of EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-author Niels Vørsel were very interested in World War II. It shows. It is full of incredibly beautiful shots that attract the atmosphere of time. A great example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland mainly due to economic reasons) in the last act of EUROPA. Like in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think that EUROPA will receive its rightful place in cinema history. His method of filming old film clichés and visual techniques is so special, strange and completely different from anything you see in Hollywood these days or in any other dream factory. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an indispensable film in the catalog of Lars von Trier. Some write this as pure commercial speculation, but it would be disastrous. It is there with other Trier classics and semi-classics, such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, RIGET TV series from 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. This is an exceptional experience from before Trier, who cared for his actors and the Dogme95 Manifesto. Watch it! "It counts ten ..." 9/10
