I did not realize the time in the history presented in this comic Brazilian brazil from 1971, But that does not mean that it was not available to me, because the film makes it very clear. His action takes place in the 16th-century Brazil, where French and Portuguese settlers competing with her use non-German people as confederates in the struggle for dominance. Particularly interesting in the film is the fact that it is created by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a nice Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are bothersome and greedy. Portuguese filmmakers are objective because when everything is said and done, we see that it does not matter which side it is taking. It's about heredity defeated by the environment at times clearly defined by tribes. Enemies are created and perpetuated, and so, environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> The Frenchman is captured by the Portuguese and then captured by the indigenous tribe, Tupinambas, after they massacred the Portuguese group. The tribal shaman predicted that he would find a strong Portuguese who would take revenge for revenge for killing his brother's brother by a Portuguese musket ball. Thinking that the Frenchman is Portuguese, they believe that now they have him. Nevertheless, the Frenchman admits the free way to the village, sooner or later he will give him a wife and he will rather get used to his appearance than to his western clothes or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is indeed Portuguese, and then assures the incensed Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when the Frenchman finds a secret treasure that another European was hiding nearby. <br /> <br /> I think the opening scene is fun because its narrative with the contradictions imposed on it serves as a great satire, even if the movie does not want to keep that tone much more often. In fact, this is not a terribly riveting movie. Abundant, indispensable accommodation, a fierce lifestyle and mature native women make us not only a Frenchman, but we also forget about all dangers and we have the impression that he is a free man. It should not be so difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as rare as desire, full cast nudity, suggested instead of the representative core of the dry political cartoon Pereira dos Santos mythology of the New World and undeveloped social cohesion. In any case, the 1500's public commentary, filmed in a bay with 365 islands, played almost completely nude and almost entirely written in Tupi, encourages the effective distribution of established ways that are valid because they have been repeated for ages.
