After the story of a love triangle in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were re-selected in this controversial film. The film would be considered a hit if there was no controversy with the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here the director duo Abbas-Mustan performed a completely different and exceptional work compared to the previous and after the director's ventures. They are considered to be the creators of the Bollywood thriller. But in this CCCC they proved that they can deal with making a romantic family drama. There is almost no one action scene when Preity was raped by Salman's friend in her apartment, Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The movie has almost all standards and components such as song, story, casting, performances, etc. that are required to make a movie. Of course, it was a surprise gift for the fan of Salman. Why? Because she has been playing roles for so long in which she has a stage to show her open body and dance around. His role as a wealthy young businessman who has a senseless character and a normal attitude is really impressive. After all, Madhubala, the role of a prostitute in the performance of Preity is amazing. Later, when she too is thoughtful about her life, she deserves the right attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and her focus is mainly on her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as touching as here. Of course, this can be described as an improvement. Then Priya, a very innocent and helpless wife of Raj, who depends only on him to get a better result. It has no strong effect on history because the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of history, which is something rare and unique. In the real world of this age, it is not completely impossible for such a step to look for a foster mother to be impossible. Perhaps a lot is happening in this great world, where they are kept secret. In this way, the CCCC writer discovered the hidden truth that takes place in the daily lives of others. But there is still doubt.
