CCCC is the first good movie in 2001 from Bollywood. When I saw the movie trailer for the first time, I thought it would be a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the strongest performance in history. My family was not too eager for it, but after watching this movie my family is impressed. Rani and Preity are great. The film will be a big hit due to the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about meeting Raju (Salman Khan) and Priyi. They got married and went to Switzerland for a honeymoon. When they come back, Raj and Priya find out that Priya is pregnant. Raja's family is full of joy when they learn, especially Raj dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day, and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have a miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priji that he can no longer have children. Raj and Priya keep it quietly in front of their family. Raj and Priya decide on substitute motherhood. Substitute motherhood is that they will find a girl, and Raj and this girl will have a child together, and then give the child to Raj and Priji. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her situation and bribes her with money, and she agrees. Paradise changes Madhubala completely. Raj tells Priyi that he found a girlfriend. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do it, so nobody will know. Priya spends the night in the church, and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and everyone is happy. Raj tells the family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala loves Raj and she wants him. What happens then? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing that I did not like about the movie is the idea of ​​surrogate motherhood. They should have done it the right way in the movie, but it did not spoil the movie. It was still perfect. <br /> <br /> The movie songs are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi ". The song "Mehndi" is very colorful. . The movie deserves a 10/10!
