Serious and influential director Martin Scorsese analyzes his favorite American films, grouped by three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that made the appearance of sound and color become more recent; director as a smuggler: filmmakers like Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and above all Vincente Minnelli, directors who used to mask rebellious messages in their films; and the director as an iconoclast: those filmmakers attacking civilian observations and social gatherings such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> He shows us how the old Hollywood studio system was, though oppressive, the way film directors made progress in this medium because they were bound by political and financial constraints. During the clips from the films she shows us, we not only discover films we have never seen before, but they arouse our interest, but we also see what he sees. He assesses his stylistic sensitivity together with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the film canon was considered snobbish, hence some movie fans and critics prefer to simply create "letters". However, the canon only means "the best", and supporters of the film canon argue that the valuable activity is to identify and experience a selected compilation of "best" films, such as a tape with the greatest hits, if only as the starting direction for students of the film. In summary, our experience has shown that all writing about the film, including reviews, works to construct a movie canon. Some movie canons can definitely be elite, but others can be "populist." For example, a list of 250 of the most popular videos in the online database contains many films included in several "elite" film canons, but also the latest Hollywood blockbuster movies that many movie elite are scoffing at, such as the Dark Knight who now mixes with the top ten among the first two films of Godfather, Schindler's List and Flight over the Cuckoo's nest, and further fluctuations of similar productions, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorsese's writer, Paul Schrader, simply referred to his canon as "elite" and claims that it is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese is never particularly loud about his social and political ideologies, but when you see this intense and obsessive history lesson about the birth and development of American cinema in both ideological worlds, we see that there is no no particular virtue, neither in elitism nor in populism. Elitism concentrates all its attention, recognition and therefore strength on those who are considered outstanding. This discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence in the spirit of the condescending work of Jean-Luc Godard or the over-rationalization of the production practices of a filmmaker like Michael Haneke. However, populism relies on the belief in representative freedom as a statement of the will of the people. As previously mentioned about the pervasive misconceptions people have about cinema, populism can be the end of the potential power and influence of cinema. You can still watch movies because it is an important social and metaphysical practice. And it is Martin Scorsese who spends almost four hours here, trying to tell us what can not be said without direct contact.
