When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of the Century of the Cinema series, he grabbed it with both hands. A personal journey through American films is fascinating, broad and, as the title says, a very personal look at Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Is the story of Scorcese primarily about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators hardly receive a mention. From the very beginning, he states that for him the main conflict in the film industry is between the director's vision and the distributor's profit motive, between art and commercial profitability. He even opens a clip from The Bad and the Beautiful Vincente Minnelli, one of the earliest films that openly reveal this contradiction. It dictates the structure of a documentary film. He discusses how the species became obscured and stereotypes were questioned, how individual creators questioned the production code and how some filmmakers lost their grace when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never falls into the autistic trap of slow-moving directors who invariably like studio bosses (praises Cecil B. De Mille) or those who have a less recognizable style, but nevertheless have been masters of cinema. <Br /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily focus on its absolutely favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, are only mentioned in passing). Instead, he looks at the individuals and films that are used to tell his story. For example, he shows us more of John Ford's films to show how the western has evolved. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most-quoted documentary film director) to show how a supposedly healthy genre, such as a musical, can also have darker currents. I can imagine that if this task was not limited to America, Scorcese would love to talk, for example about his Italian influence or his British hero Michael Powell. At the moment, it stretches the definition of American films into Hollywood movies by immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American filmmakers that were produced elsewhere? like Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Instead of simply telling the Hollywood story chronologically, Scorcese compares films from different eras to face different themes. In his section devoted to the language and tools of the cinema he begins with DW Griffith, he looks at the arrival of sound, color and widescreen image and inevitably ends with computer-generated effects, which although Scorcese does not like them, he even handed out enough clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defending them. However, it does not end this chapter as if it were its end. Instead, it returns to the 1940s to show how a low-budget horror movie, such as The Cat People, can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American films must be one of the best documentary films made. There were many outstanding directors and photos that I would never have discovered, and even the most sophisticated cinema enthusiasts could find something new in their wide range. Scorcese also restored the balance to forgotten or underestimated photos. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in the "Iconoclasts" chapter, he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon on his two most underrated films. Scorcese's respect for the medium is shown in a way that allows full playback of clips, instead of giving us only small pieces, and he interrupts their talking heads (combination of archives and new interviews) only when it is necessary. There is some bias in relation to the '40s and' 50s, but this is not surprising, since it is the era in which Scorcese grew up and discovered cinema. In the end, I do not think that this document could be realized if it was not a personal journey. <br /> <br /> One word of warning, in its detailed look at some photos, this document contains a fair few spoilers.
