An interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that it shows that traditional interview and CV do not always provide team work skills, dedication of tasks and work efficiency. And they certainly do not reveal any hidden plans. In other words, a good potential indicator may be to see a job candidate in action, which is the goal of "The Apprentice". People applying for a position in a corporation can submit a resume with coated sugar and set up their best personality suit for conversation, but they are not necessarily the best indicator of strength, weakness and performance. <br /> <br /> Briefly, "The Apprentice" includes 16 job candidates competing for the final career opportunity: a position in the real estate magnate investment company Donald Trump. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner who wins the salary, learns from the master of high stakes and probably gains the best corporate contacts. The stand is a dream come true for those who want to earn more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To lure the candidates, Trump presents his private jet, his private luxury apartments are filled with statues and works of art, his limousines, links to celebrities and other aspects of the billionaire magnate's life. <br /> <br /> the road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete with each other. Each has a corporate-sounding name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that involve an entrepreneurial venture, such as creating advertising, selling goods or negotiating. Teams choose a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager receives a lot of credits, especially in the eyes of the last referee. If they lose, the manager can also become a scapegoat. Some tasks are extremely difficult, and completion takes only a day or two. Tasks may include creating a TV commercial or a press ad. Others may include sales at a retail outlet or on the street. <br /> <br /> The tasks bring the best and the worst of the participants. They often show immediately who is the most reliable, who is the most trustworthy and who works hard. Tasks also reveal who is not a good team player who is inefficient and who seems to be just for himself. Tasks invariably reveal in an unexpected way the strengths and weaknesses of the participants, and in particular the project manager. How well the manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organize time and set specific goals, largely decide on the result, but do not necessarily predict the winner. <br /> <br /> One of the most eloquent aspect of one's potential is when it is assigned as a project manager. Their real skills, in contrast to their ability to self-control, immediately appear in the veneer, which can not be hidden with a silk tie worth 100 USD or beautiful makeup. Leadership and / or weakness often become painful after just a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as first-rate leaders are not always so strong when they are put in a leadership situation. It is always easier to "spoil your own corner" than to actually engage in leadership. Project managers, even those from winning teams, often do not form a coherent strategy. Often believe that diving from the deep end to complete the task in the first minute, rather than spend some time organizing and discussing how to complete the task, is more efficient. More often than not, members of a badly planned team run around like headless chickens, wondering how they are going on, and in the long run they lose much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team tastes high life, such as eating dinner at an upscale restaurant, flying a private jet and / or meeting with fame. The losing team comes to the terrifying room on the deck, where Trump hears the lame excuses of members and rejects one or more players like pieces from the chessboard with the infamous "You are fired". Often the project manager is partly responsible for the loss of the team and may be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week, at least one person is the victim of a losing team. <br /> <br /> My favorite aspect of "The Apprentice" is a conference room. While the tasks themselves reveal the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often shows the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is one winning team and one losing team, even if the competition was close. Members of the losing team begin to accuse each other, often ruthlessly, of who is guilty. Sometimes more than one person is released. I rarely see a weak candidate who takes responsibility for his actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were probably the only candidates who took full responsibility for the loss of their team and did not receive any recognition for this unselfish act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the most honesty among all the candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi as weak and released her, claiming that she did not defend herself, which may mean that she values ​​the ego more than honesty. No one should sacrifice their integrity for it. Kristi Frank may not have become a student, but she can live with herself, knowing that she did not blame others unjustly. Is not it worth "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of the "Student" is also his weakness. As the results of teams are evaluated only by winners and losers, other assessment possibilities are omitted. With the exception of huge gaps between winning and losing teams, sometimes the losing team is an example of a high level of teamwork and performance. I saw how losing teams seem to be better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so obsessed with winning and losing the fact that we often skip perfection.
