In this pool there are water lilies and frogs. Frogs are sitting on water lilies. Frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming group with a sympathy for Floraine (Adele Haenel), frogs, captain of his team. Floraine teammembers avoid their leader because the supernaturally winding and proportional blonde passes on a loose personality that betrays the synonymous thinking and discipline of the swimmer. But Floraine has a secret; the bomb has a bomb that the "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals to the public visually before he confronts Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine never left, as they say, with a boyfriend. <br /> <br /> At the party, we see a double picture of a growing sexual bomb checking her makeup in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is fata morgana. Marie meets the twofoldness of Floraine, while her imitation breaks the heart of a water lily. While the frog performs the flies of catching flies due to its appearance, it gets buddies with a water lily when no one is watching. In the most surprising movie scene, the water lily agrees to give a frog's hand, losing its virginity through a mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants the boys to like her, but apparently she does not like boys, but the frog is more important because she is popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog can not turn into a water lily or princess, because the water lily loses respect for the frog. After unlocking her lips, Floraine tells Marie, "You see, it's easy," which is the way the frog can equate their kiss with the orgasm that her friend gave her as nothing but the rite of passage without any strings. Floraine's beauty is a burden. It carries the burden of meeting the boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie to throw herself once more before her fata morgana conquers the imitation in the closet. Francois (Warren Jacobs), like every water lily and frog, also have a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Marie to love, Francois uses Anna for sex. But this is life; it is a betrayal of adolescence, in which even a friend turns against a good friend if the opportunity arises to raise the food chain. In McDonald's, the water lily disciplines the second water lily after an intense bath in the glow of the frog. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie can call those shots because Anne, though not ugly, is overweight and has an unflinching hairstyle. Anne tries to fight, using her breasts as a large retaliation (incidentally the magnifying glass from Happy Meal comments on Maria's flat chest), but the tadpole (Marie thinks she is better than Anna, better than a water lily) indicates that her breasts they are a byproduct of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be brutal to each other. <br /> <br /> Later, in the last shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie also has a double, and this symbiosis among water lilies have the potential to become parasitic in the near future if he has not done so. Teenage girls can be violent to each other in such a way that no boy can match.
