Water Lilies is a well-made first film from France about young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized, slightly disinfectant material, which for some is as repulsive as it is for others. The film focuses exclusively on three teenage girls from the middle class in the new, elegant suburb of Paris. Their life revolves around a large indoor pool in which two of the three people are part of a synchronized water ballet group. <br /> <br /> Such distractions as parents, siblings, work and school have been carefully removed from the equation. The central sensitivity belongs to the attractively grim but lean Marie (Pauline Acquart), who is not in the band, but thinks she would like to be. Marie loves Floriane (Adèle Haenel), a voluptuous blonde and a prominent team that the boys are after. It takes Marie from her ex-best friend, also a member of the water ballet band, a somewhat plump Anna (Louise Blachère). Less unique Anne is more available to boys. Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more than she really offers. Marie has a more important feature for a teenager: she suffers internally. Flroiane does not suffer as much as she jumps into situations and then flees. <br /> <br /> Marie is stunned by the splendor of water ballet and Floriane. Floriane uses Marie to be a slave first, then cover her tasks, and then, without any other friends, her confidante. All other girls consider Floriane a slut, the illusion encourages men and boys she teases because she keeps them going. She suffers the fate of a beautiful girl that she is not a person, but an object, and can not resist the validation that the boys give her, wanting to kiss her and put her on the bed, but they really do not care about them and know her involvement with them is a trap . Turning to Marie to behave like her friend, let her (invisible) mother not know that she goes out to meet the boys, she also gets Marie to save her from the boys later. At first it looked the opposite, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne stays with her discomfort associated with the body and the desire to be laid down, which is more earthy and more real than other girls. <br /> <br /> By maintaining the entire external context in peace, Sciamma can emphasize the subtle changes in the delicate equation of the three goals and interactions of girls. On the other hand, watery film madness, which includes a lot of showering and spitting, as well as underwater swimming shots, sometimes makes you feel completely deprived of air, and some of its 95 minutes do not pass so fast. Fortunately, the movie has a sense of humor and allows the three to forget their always current goals and avoidance and just do stupid, senseless girls. These are unusual moments that give the film life; It is a pity that there are no more. But Sciamma has the courage of his obsessions, and what remains when it comes out of the theater is the personality and their dynamics. Along the way, of course, it is nice to watch swimming and stare at girls who, for understandable reasons, love to look at each other. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or drama along the way, but things get more interesting when Marie is not just admired but really wants Floriane and is jealous of her boyfriends - Floriane always stops before they go all the way. In the typical irony of this kind of plot, Floriane actually decides on the first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who is holding back because she knows that it will not matter to Floriane that she will have to her. When this happens, it's a timid, mechanical thing. In the meantime Anne falls in love with Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course he is after Floriane. Boys are not an element that has been subtracted and it always seems that there are a few dozen on the pool or on the dance floor, but these are only bodies and faces, available studs.
