The meaning of the French title of the film "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means the "birth of octopuses", is rather vague, so it may not be surprising that it was introduced to the English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies" "Lilies" of the English title This is three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team from the suburbs of Paris, and the film is the drama of "maturing" about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One of the features of the film, perhaps extraordinary in the case of this type of film, is that it focuses solely on the relationships between young people. We do not see anything about their parents or their teachers, and very little about the adult world. The three girls are very different in appearance and are presented as very different in character. A shy, retiring Marie is slim and petite and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is an ordinary Jane, Floriane a charming blonde who is very popular among boys. These three people, along with the handsome Francois swimmer, are involved in what can be described as the quadrangle of love. <br /> <br /> Anne fell in love with Francois, but he is charmed by Floriane, who seems to bring back his feelings, although he is not her only male devotee. Indeed, not all Floriane devotees are men because Marie is delighted with her attractive friend. The film shows how their friendship develops; at first it seems that Floriane simply uses Marie as a convenient excuse when she really goes out to meet the boys; her parents are supposedly opposed to dating with boys, but they do not mind meeting her friends. Later, however, we realize that despite the image of Floriane as a sexy, popular girl who is always the center of men's attention, she actually reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with short hair and a rather massive figure, looks typically "butch", but is the only one of the three main characters who is uniquely heterosexual, while the more conventional female Marie and the charming Floriane are lesbian, or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Adult films are quite common, although most of them avoid the controversial topic of teenage lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with the topic in a delicate way, with three very good performances by three major actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and can have many interpretations. (Does Floriane, for example, just use Marie for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her? Would the reluctant behavior of Floriane with Francois and other boys just be a tool to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Hide them from her?) It was the first film made by young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at that time); on this basis, he must be considered a very promising newcomer. 7/10
