This is shit; many Trek fans do not rate it as high as well-known classic episodes, because it lacks the deep meaning or sound of those really great, but this one is as well made as it is, as enjoyable as pure entertainment, it always creates my personal half-dozen list the best episodes, no matter what mood I am in. Several well-known future films ("Westworld") and television programs (the more nondescript "Fantasy Island") took the premise of this episode (then, of course, the TNG program modernized the concept thanks to the holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed (especially visible in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, it takes place in a nice park-like setting of the planet that the Enterprise has just arrived at. It is strange that there is no animal life, not even insects (like flowers are pollinated), but the situation becomes really strange when the scout members start to see people from their past (Kirk has a hard past, it turns out), as well as data from other famous fantasy tales. Sulu even finds an old style police revolver (no doubt he adds swords to his collection). <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek series (in the middle of the first season) the main characters had almost strengthened their old friends, whom we met for many years. Here we really can see how they relax, talk and work together to discover the mystery of this episode: a strong narrative is a mystery again and the audience is ready for a ride when Kirk and friends want to unravel a very bizarre series of events that have a decidedly fun flavor. He is almost capricious, continuing the carefree style established on the spacecraft when Kirk was finally maneuvered down, after he showed clear signs of stress and fatigue (the Enterprise, as it was suggested, has just ended the shocking mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a knight on a horse; yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... I'm joking. But this is not a joke for the rest of the party at this moment in history. McCoy is really dead for all intents and purposes and, like the best episodes of Trek, the other half of this adventure turns into a crazier, more desperate rate of action and tension. All this is signaled by Kirk's determined reaction to Sulu, who after McCoy's death speaks of a lack of understanding of these events - Kirk will go to the heart of all that he can. <br /> <br /> But, this is not much easier for Kirk: most likely it is the longest staged mano-a-mano fight in the series, while Kirk argues with his nemesis from the academy days, which seems to have room for over half of the planet. However, counterweight are scenes of unusual sensitivity, with subsequent friends Kirka. This episode takes place in the circle of all human experiences, rather in the light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is satisfying that the script really explains everything that has happened, in contrast to some nonsensical approach that permeates many other fantasy and science fiction series with similar plot lines (unexplained occurrences of people who could not be there). In fact, there is a subtext of this story - that we humans must "work" on our tensions and fatigue in a special way, or simply do not function in a "normal" natural way. Also pay attention to the appearance of the very charming Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return to Trek's first movie in '79. I believe that after this episode even more Trek fans could not wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I'm leaving this episode with a final, perhaps tempting thought: if McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how can we know that our real McCoy has returned to the ship? Perhaps this explains why McCoy was still controlling spacecraft about a hundred years later and he was doing very well with the data.
