Another childhood episode, which I watch as an adult from a different perspective. It was one of my favorite childhood episodes that really strengthened my admiration for this program. However, watching this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is definitely one of the lighter, played for laughter and entertainment, instead of dramatic and well-constructed stories in previous episodes, their first and best season. Perhaps this episode was also written for a small R & R fan! As Mr Spock would say, the story is simply not logical, but there are some funny lines, like, of course, the last version of Mr Spock at the end - when he asks Captain McCoy and others. they answer in the affirmative, raise their eyebrow and say "Fascinating ..." only in the way Mr. Spock could do it. An interesting plot, of course, that the amusement park is really funny (for example, instead of the false and often annoying "entertainment" of Disneyland), the opportunity to fulfill your wishes. Really, a great idea, but not so well made. And coming from Theodore Sturgeon, another great SF writer they used in the first season, one wonders how much DIY was done in the script that Sturgeon entered. <br /> <br /> Now there is some curiosity that I learned on this page: In 1987, James Gunn set up Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best short science fiction story. I will quote the rest from this page: In 1968 {Sturgeon} wrote "The Joy Machine", the third scenario for the TV series Star Trek TV (Amok Time the other), which was never filmed. The main reason why it was not used in the series is that it contained expensive sequences of special effects that would be too big for their budget. However, the script was adapted to the book of science fiction writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would sum it up to say that this episode is still very pleasant, especially if you do not think about it too much. Just laugh and enjoy it, and the next episode we can return to serious things related to the protection of the universe.
