Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but flawed scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally discovers how to make things visible after they become invisible through his own serum. They are testing the serum on the invisible Goryl and it works perfectly, Caine and his team of assistants are celebrating, but while he should report a breakthrough to his military supporters, Cain wants to be the first invisible man. He manages to convince his team to help him, and the procedure works well, and Caine becomes invisible, but when they try to restore him, the serum does not work and remains invisible. The team desperately looks for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly begins to lose control of reality when he realizes his power, but is unable to use it in a laboratory trap. But again he is invisible, he can do everything he wants ... <br /> <br /> Director: Paul Verhoeven. I liked Hollow Man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago late at night / early morning on cable TV, and worst of all, I feel ill, not because of the movie, but because of chocolates and carbonated pop that I've had in the past a week, so I will keep this one shortcut. The screenplay Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent pace, but it drags a little inside and has a good central premise, it requires a basic notion that being invisible will make you crazy, just like in the original The Invisible Man (1933), which Hollow Man owes quite a lot. He manages to successfully combine horror, science fiction and action and provides a good entertainment value for 110 odd minutes. I thought the character was okay, I thought some of the ideas in the movie are good, although I think it is well known that Verhoeven does not deal with subtlety, the first thing he has invisible Caine is sexual harassment of one of his team and then, when she enters the outside world, she has Caine rape the woman with the motivation of "who will know" what Caine says to herself. Then, of course, it's gore, it shows the rat being torn apart and this is just the beginning scene after the inscriptions, to be honest with him, the violence is a little rare this time, but he still has a nasty and sadistic tone in it. Having said that I love horror movies / gore / exploitation, so Hollow Man provides for me, it's just that it can not be a cup of tea for everyone. <br /> <br /> The director Verhoeven does a great job, or should the boys with special effects look good. Special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less error-free, and their genius and simplicity. There are also some good elements of horror and action, even if the climatic fight is a bit exaggerated. I love the effect in which Kevin Bacon disappears after one layer at a time with veins, organs and bones on a full show or when it happens with Gorilla. There are several bloody moments, in this rat is eaten, someone is pierced on a spike and someone has a broken head with the results of blood splattering. <br /> <br /> With a staggering $ 95,000,000 budget Hollow Man is technically flawless, I can imagine DVD interviews where some special effect boffin says they mapped Bacon's whole body up to the last vein, they actually did, because you know that all the observers would notice if one of his veins was missing or was in a bad position? Acting was fine, Bacon created a good mad scientist like an antihero. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the great budget extravagant hollows, in which effects and actions occupy a central place on any sensible story or character, but to be brutally honest, sometimes we all like it in the movie, I know that . Good, solid and affordable entertainment with a bit worse and darker passion than a regular Hollywood product, definitely worth watching.
