It seems that many IMDB comments on this movie are biased, in the sense that they are trying to compare it with the older version. It is true that "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of "THE INVISIBLE MAN", but that's where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is a funny movie, period. If you are watching a movie with the intention of finding the greatest number of defects, you should not watch movies. It is true that some films are horrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and think about what you would do if you were invisible, and if you were to fool around with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon appears as an eccentric scientist who, together with a team of co-workers, discovers a way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible. When this team of young scientists (working, as you might guess, in the case of the Pentagon) think they have a formula to re-visualize the animals, Kevin Bacon is the first to try a new experimental drug. After that, of course, everything goes wrong, because Kevin Bacon remains invisible for the rest of the movie and is obliged to wear a latex mask, so his co-workers know where he is. A sense of paranoia and desperation begins to take on Kevin, and when he finds out that his ex-girlfriend and co-worker (Elisabeth Shue) has a hectic affair with another young scientist in the team, he eventually breaks down. The film then turns into a hybrid "ALIEN" and slass, but it does not mean that it is a bad turn. They are horrified and shivering, and the movie moves at a nice pace. Special effects are at the highest level (quality always dominant in ALL Paul Verhoeven's films), because we see sequences of "body reconstruction" never seen before in the film. If there is something you can complain about, the predictability of the situation here; for the first hour of the movie you know that Kevin Bacon will make a leap from strangeness and eccentricity to being a crazy killer in the end. And the ending is a bit violent, but it's still worth seeing HOLLOW MAN. If you want to know what a REAL bad movie is, waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or worse even THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now THIS is "empty"! 8 * out of 10 *!
