This is an ordinary porn movie of nature. By pornography, I do not mean sex. I mean free images (for example) of thousands of birds together or hundreds of walruses, a giant waterfall or an iceberg. A few shots in the movie seem to exist only to get to the trailer, to get people to the theater, to see him for ten seconds before he disappears to never see him again. <Br /> <br /> There is almost no story in this movie. It is said that he expects stories of three animal families, "better than March of the Penguins", the film simply does not give. The wine lies in three key areas: (1) writers who gave James Earl Jones the worst story lines in the history of the nature film, (2) a music band that dramatized everything to tell you what you should feel, even when the movie does not motivate and finally, but first of all (3), the editors who told the story jumped from place to place without the rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, sucking life from the whole movie - a movie about life. When we got whales in the middle of the movie, I lost myself in horror, hoping that the movie would be over half the way and that I would be able to survive the long endurance test with the animals. screen. <br /> <br /> There was no science at all in the film. They attributed hot and cold (all this, not only seasons) solely to the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extremes from place to place, if there was no tilt, because the poles would never warm up. And it would be the worst if we had no rotation (relative to the revolution) like Mercury, because half the planet would burn out and the other half would freeze. Then at the end they used the expression "people and animals", as if people were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I must admit, however, that I work with a camera and that's why I call this nature of porn. Everything from the super slow motion to what seems to be a finely tuned mechanically controlled time-lapse movie has been introduced to provide some (and only "some" I think) stunning moments that raise the bar compared to other nature films. Having said that, I am not convinced that all the nature was on the screen. Some of the shots showing the big waterhole in Africa, which changed from season to season, seemed to me CGI. The director could expect such suspicion and build other shots to show that everything is natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For the movie about Earth, I expected a lot more Earth to show. What we saw was immaculate. We had to accept the word of the narrator that some species are endangered due to climate change. They did not show us this. They did not show us the poisonous Alberta sedimentary ponds visible from space. They did not show us the great pacific root of rubbish. They did not show us the nocturnal image of human light pollution on the entire planet. It's as much as Earth. Why hide it for a good whitening? <br /> <br /> My latest content criticism is about predation. Each time a predator who hunted for prey was shown on the screen, the music turned almost to the stage of Mt Doom from the movie The Lord of the Rings, and the predator was presented as a sort of ultimate evil of Sauron. But predators are not bad. They perform the necessary service, ensuring the survival of the best members of the prey species. We are predators alone. Each time the predator caught the victim, we immediately moved away from something else to pretend that death and food did not really take place. The last insult was the polar bear "dad" who died after he dared to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad! ", You can almost hear it, they say. <br /> <br /> For the presentation itself. My theater may be partly responsible for this, but maybe not. I was expecting to see something more bright than I could see on my own HDTV at home. But the picture was indistinct and presented in the same ratio of 16: 9 that I could get at home instead of the wider attitude of many films these days. And during one full action scene at the end of the movie (I can not imagine that it happens digitally, from what it looked like) has been damaged and lost several colors, eventually completely obscuring. It repeated three times. <br /> <br /> If they really plant a tree on my behalf, it will be worth it. But how should I know?
