The spoiler warning is intended for people who want to see with their own eyes what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, although I do not mention it in detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is about. A 90-minute cinema version based on "Planet Earth" that I watched on BBC television. The TV version was told by David Attenborough, an engaging commentator I wanted to do for "Earth," but it was Patrick Stewart, Star Captain Trek, Picard. There are regular Earth intakes from space, so this may be appropriate. In any case, he has a nice and calm voice. There are 12 chapters in which we follow the life of animals on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal families, polar bear, elephant and whale appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins by indicating how far away it is from the North Pole or the Equator. We see something from every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds, some fish and a few beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, almost the perfect presentation of the diversity of life, landscapes and climates on earth. One gets the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: in the film there are no people, villages or towns, so it is a typical nature document, but it is breathtaking and accompanied by delightful music. When the film opened, I already knew that it would end much too soon for me. It's a family movie, so there are no violent killings of animals. When someone is caught by his hunter, the shot ends, and in other cases, when we see that the victim is caught, he is shot in slow motion, which makes it less aggressive and observable for young children (age limit) 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is shed. Some scenes (new born animals) are really cute and will be adored by children. It looks like an ordinary nature movie, but when you know how many days of taking it took (4,000) and how much money it cost, it becomes even more amazing beauty. Yesterday, the Dutch premiere took place, a month before the actual release, in the cinema for 500 seats, of which 15 were taken. It seems that real beauty is rarely interesting for moviegoers. Because I knew the TV series, I was of course very curious to see if my favorite scenes would go to this movie. Some do not, but fortunately the most impressive shots (big waterfalls). This was the first time I cried in a natural film.
