I've only heard wonderful things about the 2006 TV miniseries "Planet Earth", told by my childhood idol David Attenborough. Nevertheless, regardless of whether it was shown here in Australia or not, I never caught up with it, and when did I see "Earth (2007)"? full-length compilation of the same natural material? I jumped on the big screen for a chance. The theater was essentially empty; only one other patron sat in front of me and I had the impression that I had not only a big screen for myself, but also the entire planet Earth. For 90 minutes I was abandoned to the beauty and dangers of the isolated wilderness, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured in the film. Incredible in its scope, and at the same time painfully intimate, "Earth" is sincerely begging filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and how the intrusion of people has placed countless magnificent species of animals and plants on the brink of destruction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously speaks for the protection of wildlife, prevents us from beating us through propaganda, and the mystery which is politics is completely ignored; in fact, there is no human being in sight. Instead, we are simply a breathtaking journey into the majesty of the natural world to experience immunity as well as the fragility of life on Earth. I heard that the original mini-series, which lasted eleven episodes, delves deeper into the scientific background of world ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers have made a wise decision here to replace information that affects emotionally: I can. " remember the last time I felt so inspired and at the same time completely depressed. By establishing an emotional bond between the audience and selected individual animals, anthropomorphizing them to some extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species, and their hopeless difficulty in surviving becomes a less statistical and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> "Earth" consists essentially of many dramatic episodes, regardless of whether the struggles of a female polar bear will lead young offspring on the Arctic ice or a tramp of elephants in the direction of the life-saving seasonal flood waters of Delta Okavango. The documentary shows a delicate balance between life and death, the most painful exposition in the desperate ballet of the predator-prey interaction. Although sometimes, perhaps to meet the needs of a younger audience, footage is cut short at a crucial moment, I regularly pour out tears because of the inevitability of death in nature and the harsh instinct that drives the ultimate, hopeless efforts of these animals for survival. In the hunt you can find even persecuting beauty, both in the slow-motion recording of the cheetah bringing his victim (the result of one fatal mistake), and the majestic jump of the Great White Shark in the air. embraces the unfortunate sea lion. It is this fragile balance that has been mortally disturbed by the selfishness of our own species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these main stories, we also treat short fragments of wildlife from around the world, including birds from the paradise of Papua New Guinea and the autumn migration of demoiselle cranes. Of course, entire films could only be devoted to these genres, and the inevitable consequence of having to screen so many recordings is that some interesting ecosystems are transparent. Choosing to focus more on the polar bear, elephant and humpback ?? tracking their lifestyle through an amazing high-resolution stop-motion video throughout the calendar year? the filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that could arise from so many things to show, and only 90 minutes to show it. Therefore, "Earth" wanted more, and fortunately I now have about eleven hours as soon as I can trace a copy of the DVD set for "Planet Earth". Raising your spirits and tearing tears, inspiring and tearing "Earth" is a really great documentary experience and it could be my favorite movie from 2007.
