The town hall deals with the city's policy, not a country, state or any important political table. He admits that he is shining in New York, which is a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but he still has a smaller scale and puts a microscope on several key players in a scandal with the wide range of the city that the right hand of the mayor has come across. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with the elements of the thriller Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance, and I think that in many ways he includes so many formulus genre of thrillers that he is almost guilty. I mean City Hall is supposed to be a political drama, not a thriller, but instead, when everything is said and done, and when you get to meat and potatoes from a movie that feels and looks like a thriller, but decent in that very important part of the recipe that immediately stands out ... what else ... or rather who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins with a good view of life in the mayor's office and the inner functioning of the city. With the continuation of the film, he broadens his political spectrum with a democratic boss and his connection, and then we get acquainted with some of the events in the city. With the development of events, the mystery begins, and the political aspect remains in the background, but still has a brilliant set. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even if ONCE it did not give a good performance, how could I say that? The man works in a royal style. There is something brilliant in all his behavior. In City Hall Pacino plays the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately appears to be a very prominent politician. He also provides one of the most powerful and engaging speeches I have ever seen at the James Bone funeral. I looked again at this speech four times and for the first time I watched Pacino, opened my mouth and almost wanted to get up and applaud. It is wonderfully written and brilliantly published by Pacino. John Cusack, whom I really like as an actor, turns out to be a mediocre and exaggerated performance as deputy mayor Kevin Calhoun. He's in the center of the movie's interest, and he and Pacino have a good chemistry when they're on the screen, but in this show there's just something ... it looks like he's trying too hard. His accent is simply bizarre, and although he should be crafty and intimidating, he does not seem to have pulled him off. Maybe he had an off-film. Bridget Fonda, on her way to the top of her fame, does a good job as advocate of police widows Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's performance, because it just does not seem that this character had its groove. Danny Aiello is great, although his character is a bit underrated as a democratic boss associated with mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau creates a decent episode as a judge under the control of Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the town hall is visible in my opinion of the characters and actors. Everyone is ... fine. There are many stories that they try to extract without showing them, and this unfortunately leaves some confusion in the whole plot. And of course you have Al Pacino in a rather small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant and outshines and obscures every other actor in the film. It's almost like being intimidated by being on screen with them. So City Hall could have been this great epic political drama / thriller, but he felt cut out and toned down to the average run of the mill, but you still need to see him for Pacino and another spin in internal politics. If you just do not see this movie, you will not find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral because the electrifying word does not give him justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so amazing because in the average film he pulls out this effect . speech and makes you feel it. If you're a fan of John Cusack, which I am ... he is definitely better, but he is the main character, and besides, he has his own justice. A decent movie, but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
