The film is about a classic theme. In fact, this applies to the topic used by Batman, from the beginning to the end, but in real data and details. The mayor of New York, appreciated and very hardworking and dynamic to get a bit faster than usual project, succumbs to some pressure from some private entrepreneurs about a criminal drug dealer who should be sent and kept in jail, and he puts pressure on the judge to he dismissed him on parole, despite the negative report from the trial period, which disappears, but is not destroyed, or only because of the political value he represents. And what was going to happen, and a few people, including a black student, are killed in a shooting between the police detective and the criminal. The city may break out because of this: racial tension due to a black boy and social tensions due to the uncertainty with which criminals can freely roam and continue their criminal activities to the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show this tension very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find out the truth and find out. But on the way, several witnesses are killed, and those who play a role in the whole business are forced to retire (judge) to end their career and life (contractor or contractor are in between), a public official who was ready to deliver lost trial report and some suspicious character after providing important information. The mayor himself retires and spends long holidays; However, the main interest of the film is the discovery of the decrepit that the mayor is doing to cover up the problem and contortion he remembers in the past that led to the error in this trial case. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is gray, which is never convenient for decision makers, is pronounced as an excuse for bad but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the necessary compromises to reach a certain consensus in some areas that are crucial to the public interest. We are talking about recognizing it as less important to make a bad decision about some small or allegedly petty criminals than any infrastructure or economic project in the city. This is not typical of New York. This is the case of any mayor's office. This is more significant in terms of quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area, such as New York and, of course, in a city or country where police departments are urban and controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor pushes the old mayor out of the way and mocks his ambitions to become the governor of New York to become the president of the USA. The mayor is perfect thanks to the embodiment Al Pacino offers, because he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with one expression of a face that makes the whole dialog useless. I consider the end to be somewhat pessimistic with the former deputy mayor running the campaign on his own behalf. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. Hence he is no better than all others, still too young in his ambitions. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris University 1 Sorbonne Pantheon and Versailles University Saint Quentin en Yvelines
