Wow ... 5 extra hours of Riget. Lars continues the wonderful combination of occult drama, dark horror and soap opera. Examining exactly where the last episode of the previous series ended (ended with the same high intensity and voltage, although it does not last, for better or worse), this installation in the series seems a bit more bent ... in the last series it seemed that it passed day or week between each episode, while in this case it is one long episode ... where one episode ends, the next episode begins. A lot can be said about Lars von Trier ... but it is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both features show in this. The plot continues its perfection, now giving several regular characters who were smaller players in the previous four episodes more attention. Basically every character from the first return, at least in terms of the main roles. The stimulation is not as severe as in the first part, and I have less to grip on. This does not mean, however, that it did not concern me ... I kept watching, and at several points I reacted strongly, often loudly, to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior for me because I am an incredibly quiet person), just like me during first. Like the first, it also raises some biased ethical questions. Based on the foundation from the very beginning, this story continues ... and as a continuation, the scope is also larger. Grander. More ghosts, more bizarre events, more threads. The strong graphic material of the first one also returns and has been thrown into the background. Characters are further developed. Acting is amazing, as in the first. Udo Kier strengthens his huge talent for anyone who doubted it. Playing a very difficult character (everyone who saw the first series, will probably understand what I mean) * and * playing in a language he did not speak (later named) ... and still passing such a powerful performance. The photos remain great and are still very manual, with fast zooms and occasional long shots. The editing is fierce, with a few direct cuts in the sound (although they were more visible in the first one). Now, with everything I've said, I'd really like to be able to evaluate it perfectly 10 ... or at least like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching and I do not regret it in the slightest. But it has disadvantages ... those that had the first part and more. First of all, humor takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are several new regular characters who do not exist for any reason other than providing comic relief ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set and performed for a different reason than the audience's laughter. Great for comedy, but what is he doing in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, except for sadistic moments? Helmer's lonely secret hideout changed from the roof of the hospital ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... to the bathroom. Angled from inside the bowl. No, you read it well. In general, humor seems more low ... more jokes of sex and bodily functions, which again asks for the question "Why?". While most of the writing is excellent, some of them are even tragic. A few scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (you could guess because of their popularity during the broadcast). Sometimes the drama seems a bit more explosive than the first one, and sometimes it skips too much. Fortunately, rare, but still noticeable, feature points and objects are explained too easily (a certain figure living in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen this, knows who I am talking about). Two dishwashers, although they are still mysterious and insightful, become too hard a grip ... too overexposed, in the end probably. Most of the scenes with them, however, are still pleasant. Besides, I want to assure every reader that despite all the negative things that I just wrote, it's still mostly good ... definitely pleasant, convincing, powerful ... and in my humble opinion, it should definitely be seen by anyone who he liked first (although if he belongs to this group, do not expect the story to end after seeing more than after the first one). I recommend this to every fan of Lars von Trier and everyone who enjoyed the first Riget and wants more from where he comes from. I insist that anyone who is even wondering about watching this is sure that you have seen everything before you do it ... I bought it before I bought the first one, but I watched it until I bought the first one and did not watch it, and I can not tell you how happy I was to do it. Although it contains a brief summary of the events of the first, there are a huge amount of details and aspects that you would not notice if you did not see them before watching. A slightly smaller sequel, but certainly one more to watch, if you liked the first one. 8/10
