There is a danger from the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizka with his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, who combines a great combination of dumb, horror, science fiction, surreal and other contemporary thrillers to reload his points with Freudian comparisons. But in Pervert's "Cinema Guide", even more far-reaching points are the starting point for any other analysis that I saw in the collective part of the films. Although it does not cover the vast territory where the Scorsese documentary films are located, the same attachments are there, and Zizek has a definite love for all these "subversive" examples and films, primarily for the works of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. However, this should not be seen - if you can find it, I have to see it almost by thinking about happiness. Zizek will try to analyze all the psycho-sexual parts or parts referring to him in a dull, mad way. If anything, opens up to points that could never be considered different - one might think of Marx's three brothers as representations of Id, Super-Ego and Ego (Harpo's example is the most dead for me). > <br /> However, he is not just one of the classics, but believes that eating at the Matrix and Fight Club - in the representation of the division between fantasy and reality and if the matrix needs energy as much as energy needs a matrix for the first and attachment to violence in dealing with yourself and double in the other. He even throws a piece from the key moment in the Sith Revenge, when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of avoiding paternity under that back mask at the moment his child is born happens elsewhere. The ideals of fatherhood, male sexuality, the masculine point of view in transforming fantasy into reality (at which point Zizek rightly points to the moment of creating a nightmare) and feminine subjectivity, are examined perhaps the most dead of Vertigo. The same applies to the scene that Zizek deconstructs, as if it were a Zapruder movie, where he analyzes three points of the psycho-sexual clash in the "do not look at me" scene in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now, it would be one thing if Zizek himself did these honest, excited and somehow reliable points, he just looked at the camera or mostly at the voice, just like Scorsese does. But he goes a step further to accentuate his points of fantasy and reality, and how they overlap, intersect, become one and the same, or more spread to some underground world or the original feeling for some characters (eg Lost highway), putting yourself In the places where movies are held. Funniest sees him for the first time in a boat "heading" towards the same dock from which the boat Tippi Hedren flows at the beginning of the Birds; it's also fun to water the Blue Velvet lawn and then explain Frank Booth's multifaceted points; only one, when it is in a territory similar to Solaris, seems a bit cheesy. But Zizek is enjoying this setting, and after a while he bypasses the potential core of this trick, and Zizka's words appear. <br /> <br /> There were a few movies that we were expecting, of course, from Hitchcock and Lynch, but the windfall for cinema lovers comes from watching two things - movies that were never thought of in a movie about Pervert's Guide of Cinema (the two best for me would be Pluto's Disney cartoons and the exhibition of Chaplin's films, albeit with great note about the power and distinction of "voice", as well as those you have not seen before (eg Brzuchomówczy horror, dr Mabuse, Stalker, among a few other) that evoke the immediate feeling of "wow, I have to see it immediately, no questions asked." Zizek is a powerful writer in his work and presents him with clarity, which reminds us why we watch movies in the first place, let us have fun, of course, but also to have this real experience of sitting down and having something there, as he put it, looking into the toilet. is one of the biggest movies about the cinema, and in such a wonderfully narrow analysis of how Freud enters movies about lust, Id / Super-Ego / Ego and supernatural fantasy that you can never see. ... there is no distribution at the beginning, even at the smallest levels.
