"Cinema is the highest art of perverts. It does not give you what you want; tells you how to crave. "<br /> <br /> That's how the" Pervert Guide to the Cinema "begins, in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel to world cinema. This film in three parts is the second feature documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, sister of Ralph and Joseph) and this is a significant achievement, lasting 2 1/2 hours of conversation with one man, while remaining humorous and engaging through. In fact, it is an extended film lecture and one of the best you will ever receive. During the film, Zizek guides us through the catalog of obsession and desire in the history of the film. He touches over 40 films, and especially spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkowski, brothers Marx and Eisenstein. But he also looks closely at Persona, Talks, Three Colors: Blue, Dogville, Fight Club and Exorcist. Thematically, Zizek's study of cinema extends from thoughts about the urge of death to "coordinates of desire," and from Gnosticism to "partial objects." <br /> <br /> The Pervert Guide will be a slightly better experience if you spent a few minutes to deepen your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not imbued with psychoanalytic theory, Zizka's dynamic and amusing personality carries a film with such enthusiasm that you will probably not be attacking specialized jargon. The film often cuts off from film clips to Zizek's images * inside * the film he's talking about - in original locations and sets. Transitions in these sequences support such tension and humor that the trick never ages. And Zizek himself is always laughing at us, either from bizarre little jokes or from his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, the bold oedipal interpretation of the "Birds". And this attitude of "laughing and laughing", both in the part of Fiennes and Zizka, is essential for gonzo in the film. This teaspoon of sugar helps us digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, do not we all have the feeling that at some point the theorists of psychology simply pull us by the legs?
