He is stocky, sweaty, slightly crossed and restless. He stands before us and calls himself a pervert. He claims that we? movie viewers? perceive the screen as a toilet bowl and everyone secretly wants an explosion from the inside. It is unpredictable and terrifying. Well??? Come on, you could already guess: he's one of the leading philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavoj ?? and ek is both a narrator and the subject of an extraordinary new film by Sophie Fiennes, Pervert's guide to the cinema. Fiennes illustrates the feature film "Iżak" and does it in two ways: by providing sample movie clips and placing them in real (or reconstructed) places from the films he's talking about. It's always nice to watch carefully described scenes from great movies (though Revenge of the Sith has come here), but the main attraction of the Pervert guide? he is alone. What makes watching a movie so funny is a question that you can not resist, but you can not constantly ask: what is more scandalous, are the views extravagant? In the documentary film Astra Taylor (?? and? Ek !, 05), the Slovenian philosopher at one point admitted to fear of silence. Because, he claimed, he feels as if he did not exist at all, the only way for everyone to believe he is doing is to talk and fever. And talk to him and how. Also Pervert's guide? is dominated by his voice? delivering perfect English in the craziest way and doing amazing things about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are they? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance to talk about the image as a sign of widespread fear of the very voice (a kind of alien forces that take over a human being - they consider the ventriloquist segment of the Dead of Night [45]). He says that the perverse nature of cinema is to teach us the desires of certain objects, not their delivery. He identifies Groucho Marx as a super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as an id. He speaks a million other interesting things and all the time we can not take his eyes off him, so convincing (and captivating) are his gaze. At one point, I could not help but look at his thick, sloppy hair and wonder what kind of brain is stored underneath. The desire, of course, more insights. <br /> <br /> The most notable are the readings of Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not a surprise, because he wrote about both of them). The cumulative effect of many beautifully edited clips from their work made these parts of the lecture "Iżon" memorable and? unlike other ?? It's hard to argue with it, because it seems that he was doing really well with these two directors. This does not apply, for example, to reading Tarkowski, where he constantly imposes his completely materialistic view of reality, rejecting exactly what is so extraordinary in all the Tarkovskys (namely strong religious intuitions and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether it excites and is brilliant because it is; or is it worth to watch the Fiennes movie, because it is also similar. The real question is rather: are ecological views consistent? One wise observation on the other gives an overwhelming intellectual drive, but after the end of the whole case there are some doubts. For example: considering dizziness (58), "and" ek says that what lies behind the human face is an ideal emptiness that makes the face only a façade: something like a scam in its own means. But when in the final sequence we hear about the shocking finale of City Lights (31) as a portrait of one man fully exposed to another, it's hard not to ask: what happened to the whole elevation? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face the real value of the real thing and deprive Kim Novak of the same privilege in two bold hits? Or maybe this inconsistency can be read in Lacan terms? (The name of the notorious "unreadable" French psychoanalyst is fundamental to an exciting thought.) The film has all the advantages of a wonderful two and a half hour lecture: it covers many grounds, many perspectives employed, even some first-rate sages (when he travels by boat Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] and tries think like her, she thinks: "I want ** k Mitch!"). But it also has one disadvantage, which is not related to a two and a half hour lecture as such: it is almost obsessively digressive. After all, how far we are from Real is as good as any other psychoanalytical yarn, but after about 80 minutes it becomes quite clear that one of the perverse pleasures is a tramp on, constantly changing topics. The general effect is that you are kidnapped by a gigantic, cold, sparkling wave: you are both surprised, refreshed, in mortal danger and endless. When you're done watching, your head is full of ideas and you're already planning to watch some movies? but you also share the feeling of experiencing unhappiness. <br /> <br /> The final question is: do you ?? I lost him? Or maybe we have not even come close to the real thing? When the cynilia becomes punishable by imprisonment, we all will meet in one large cell and finally talk to each other (not having any movies to turn our faces away). I will dare everyone: who will have the courage to come to him and oppose him? My guess is that when you look at these eyes in real life, you will become a believer.
