Her Deadly Rival (1995): Cast of Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford ... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (fame LA Law, Clash of The Titans and other movies) seems to be perfectly devoted to the "Lifetime" film directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. Later, together with his wife Lisa Rinna, they worked on a film about sex addiction. "Her Deadly Rival" is at first glance similar to the famous Hollywood blockbuster "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", a happy couple, Jim and Kris Lanford, move into a new home in a typically beautiful suburb. They have a seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love despite their routine lifestyle. But then the mysterious devotee looks at Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite Jim's attempts, and even investigators, to discover who she is. He keeps harassing Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage is almost wandering when his wife begins to think she has an affair and tries to hide it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, and William Blair - everyone seems to be straight out of the soap operas. But this is a drama full of tension and has good moments. At the end is the turn of the action. Spoiler's alarm. I just have to say that "her deadly rival" was only herself. Based on a supposedly real case, Jim Kris's wife suffered from a variety of personality disorders and ruined her marriage. Even if the story is not terribly impressive, even if the acting is just a step up over the soap opera, this movie has its moments. Particularly touching are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the last scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he can not believe what he just heard. The movie is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it's a kind of TV movie that usually works well, especially in Lifetime, which still produces these kinds of movies, such as "home thriller" or stories of seduction. Garbage, but everyone likes rubbish.
