Everyone has a first love and although it is difficult to define this feeling when you are younger, it is there, it hurts in you. This is what the Malaysian filmmaker, Yasmin Ahmad, aims to prove in his fourth film, a film in which the most complex of emotions is described in a deceptively simple and simple way. <br /> <br /> This approach is particularly convenient in this case, because the love story in the core of the film involves two twelve-year-olds, and therefore all attempts at "deeper" analysis seem elaborate and pretentious. That they are not, also testifies to the amazing performances of leading non-actors, Sharifah Aryan and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The former Orked game (already seen as an adult figure in the previous painting of Ahmad, Gubr), a live, almost rebellious girl who, perhaps influenced by her "British" upbringing (mother studied in England), despises playing with dolls, preferring to do brutal sports with boys. One day, he meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who came to spend his vacation at his aunt's home, and suddenly changes his habits: farewell fist fights, cycling and climbing trees. But what does it mean? Are they just friends, or is it something more implied, something that none of them is yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the characters, answering these questions borders on the impossible, and so, as in a few "smaller" films ("Lost in Translation"), there is no real closing, no choice, which leaves bittersweet, but ultimately satisfying aftertaste: naturalistic, unfiltered acting (especially Aryan's) almost instantly hits the heart and a strong cast (above all the Orked family) helps to keep the narrative fun minimal and seduce. This mundane approach is not always so effective (funny sub-threads about the adulterous neighbor are rejected too early) and it is difficult to justify the bizarre Pulp Fiction reference at the beginning of this function, but the emotional strength of teenage romance is enough to make this interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
