The film begins in the classroom, where it is not surprising that our main actress Orked was seen in the Chinese language class. Later in the film she was asked why (by Mukhsin) she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for the child she is; because he already knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of a romance you can think about, but when you stop reading too many critics and go to it, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses mainly on the 10-year-old Orc who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game about which many would think it was a boy's game. When there were no players, Mukhsin (who was new to this village) was forced to allow Orc to play, in which he willingly showed his male side. Orked is not just an ordinary girl, because he shows more of the men's behavior, as you'll see in the movie, defending Mukhsin from a brutal encounter with her schoolboys, throwing one bully bag out of the school bus window, kicking and kicking Mukhsin's brother, then teasing Mukhsin and so on. They were both amazing buddies and held closer, but with the slightest misunderstanding, in which most of us would react in the same way, they split up both until the day Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the movie presents the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they began as friends, but slowly evolved into a somewhat closer relationship, and then towards BGR. You would notice that Yasmin made changes to the movies for each of the main actors and actresses when they go through love. Another character was presented with enthusiasm and gentle humor. The scenes were random, but they presented so much reality that you were stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love this movie for what it is, not because you want to be patriotic in relation to local scenes, because it means much more. <br /> <br /> As the film is surrounded by two love birds, it also manages to find a point of view on Orkeda's parents, her mother, who was educated in England, speaks very good English and in which her husband and guardian at home with they try very hard to appeal to their own kind of English, which was humor until the end. Let me explain why humor can be such an important thing in this film. And this explanation or description that you can present can only be given in one word, namely RANDOMNESS. Often more than no, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. Just as Jack Neo's Just The Right Law would say - often when we are ourselves, we do not see the person we are in us, but whenever we are in the body of another person, we only learn to see who we really are. And that's how humor is used, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was full of such randomness that the typical facts of our routine life that we carried out could be filled with laughter if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> Another goal of this movie was the way Orkeda's neighbor, a couple where her husband does not love his wife anymore, and she wanted to find another one. Pak Koboi, who after what he did, saw for the first time that every day he polishes his motorcycle and takes him on a ride with a newly found girl. The producer did not fail to show you why your husband wanted to find another wife. My wife was a real hurler or KPC, as we would call the Chinese, interrupting the interests of other people and sending their own daughter to annoy the Orc in words that only adults would use. After all, what is happening around comes and probably because bad things want to happen to her. Every time being nice to people around you will not hurt at all, unless you have an ego to protect, but then again, what is it worth? The film also focuses on Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who went to town every day very late, smoking, drinking, and finding "girls". It is the complete opposite of Mukhsin, but all this may be due to family problems. Both brothers were with their aunt and their parents were far from them. I will not reveal more storyline, because it would ruin a lot of interest in the desire to discover it for myself, but the smallest of all elements in which the producer wanted to send a message to viewers is life for us. everything. She wanted us to at least see life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. In a sense, movies lead us out of our own body, put us in a character position and use our empty mind, and then watch the events. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you'll be mesmerized by how a good movie like this could present and signify a significant impact on you.
