Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about the first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is the story of his writer and director Yasmin Ahmad, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that her films were in a sense semi-autobiographical, had scenes taken from her personal experiences, and it is just sharing and translating these emotions into the big screen always brings her sincere honesty and sincerity. Mukhsin is nothing more, and probably the most refined, confident job (though I must add, as a personal bias, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is backward - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time we return to this when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are younger of the films we traveled with, from Rabun to Gubry, and here, Sisters Sharifah Amani, Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya, play the roles of Orked and Mak Inom respectively, which probably constituted their great chemistry on screen, no matter how that they do not play siblings. The only constant seems to be Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Thanks to the Mukshin movie, we circle a circle with characters and the world that Yasmin introduced us to. We come to learn and understand the family a little more, while they are still living in their campung (re-visited in Rabun), where Orked attends a Chinese school and packs a serious combination of blows (and you are wondering about that energy flow in Gubr, well she had it from an early age!). An eternal tomboy and a beloved child from the family, he prefers to play with boys in games than mindlessly "masak-masak" with girls, and his favorite excursions include going with family to football matches. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) to the village provides a nice peer for Orkeda, who can spend time and do things - ride a bike through the villages, climb trees, fly kites. And just like what you want to explore, crossing this border between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his brazen moments that bring history to life and make you laugh, because some of the incidents would be experienced by ourselves and sometimes would serve as a return to our childhood memories. In short, these scenes were shouting "fun"! We observe life in a typical campung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, nosy parkers and gossip instigators, spread bad gossip resulting from envy. There are two additional dynamics of the family: one from the nearest neighbor and the other from Mukhsin, both of which serve as relevant sub-threads and contrast with their own Orks. <br /> <br /> As usual, Yasmin's films are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsina he has something special, the song "Hujan" written by her father, and also "Ne Me Quitte Pas", aptly used in the movie "Taking note that Yasmin's films have so far been focused around the same characters, the beauty of this lies in the fact that they can be viewed as independent, or viewed and put together, creating a fascinating family drama devoted to separate topics and universal topics such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see many links in Mukhsin back to previous movies, while new viewers will surely be curious about what are the returning characters or events like this plump boy who steals his eyes at Orkeda. <br /> <br /> And speaking about it, parts of Mukhsin are also interestingly open, which is probably characteristic of the Yasmin style or deliberately left as such. I thought that as a story about childhood, remembered from memory, there are details that will surely be omitted. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin showed it perfectly, with not so detailed details and focusing on what you can remember in significant sections between them. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie and rare, which I feel is suitable for all ages - take your brother or sister with you!
