If you want to know something about the Spanish Civil War and all political details and intrigue, let me say that you have chosen the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war as such happening on Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war takes place on a small island that occupies the traitor's position almost immediately, there is no war in the open. Soldiers are sent to the front to fight on the continent, while another kind of war takes place at home on a small island. There, neighbors talk about other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are contrary to the new regime, but many people talk about old family fights, or maybe a silent introvert who has no friends, says someone who wants to score points. " And these things do not happen in the open. There were some attempts, true, but many times people were simply woken up in the middle of the night, taken from their homes to the nearest cemetery, where they would be killed. The next morning, bodies were found, and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but no one would dare to speak or do anything. We're not talking about soldiers killing someone they've never seen in their lives. We're talking about people killing their neighbors and probably greeting the widow the next day and even attending a funeral for the guy they killed. We're talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew each other. <br /> <br /> I am from this little island and I heard the stories that my grandparents told me, and I have to say that this movie made me angry, yes, yes; but I also think that it is extremely beautiful and moving. Initial violence is not something that the director or writer came up with, this is what happened during this war. A kid who knows that his partner's father is in a fascist unit that killed his father? Completely possible. All this happened later? Possible too. TB was real, too. At that time, my island was not a holiday resort that it became. People were poor, illiterate and worked on small farms. After the war there were difficulties. <br /> <br /> So you will not find a war story in this movie, or at least a history of war that you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the worst kind of war that occurs when the space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight each other and live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You will find a story about the damage that this particular war can do to people and the story of how they are going through these injuries or maybe not. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work done by the writers who adapted the novel and by all the actors who managed to sound really Majorcan. It was amazing.
