(Included SPOILERS) This movie is certainly the best Amicus production I have seen so far (although I still have a lot to check). The House that Dripped Blood is a horror-omnibus - an anthology that contains four amazing stories involving the tenants of a cruel, hellish home in the British village. A common mistake in such productions is wasting too much energy on storytelling that combines separate stories? Peter Duffel's film wisely does not pay too much attention to it. He simply takes care of the inspector of Scotland Yard, who comes home to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and thus finds out about the strange events that took place earlier. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together they are perfect, healthy. High expectations are allowed for this movie because it was entirely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel, which resulted in the brilliant horror of "Psycho"? We also note the solid and very professional debut of Peter Duffel as a director. <br /> <br /> Four stories? chapters, if you want? in the House, that Dripped Blood contains many different topics, but they are (almost) blood-chilling and weird. Number one is about the author of the horror film, who comes home with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. It starts really well, but after a short while his haunted and persecuted by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original, but it is very uncertain, and the culmination is rather surprising. The second story of the stars (Hammer) horror legend Peter Cushing as a retired stockbroker. Still persecuted by the image of unreachable and long lost love, he falls into a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to watch as always and ?? although the theme of wax museums is not new? this story looks fresh and innovative in general. This chapter also includes some great shock moments and a tense atmosphere. It's a great warm-up for probably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in how Christopher Lee gives a flawless portrait of a terrified father. He is very strict and strict in relation to his young daughter and keeps her isolated for the outside world. Not without reason, because a little girl shows a bizarre fascination with witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to Lee's great acting and the amazing performance of Chloe Franks as a terrible kid, this story also has a great gothic atmosphere! The devilish undertones in this story, along with the terrifying sound effects of thunder, make this story a must for fans of an authentic horror movie. The fourth and last story, in which the vain horror actor is taken over by the vampire's cloak he wears, is slightly weaker than the others in terms of tension and credibility, but the overload of subtle humor more or less compensates. There is even a bit of a parody in this story, because the hero refers to the star of Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element of this last chapter is the presence of the great Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen from "The Vampire Lovers" is certainly one of many events in the film, especially her neckline. <br /> <br /> No doubt The House that Dripped Blood will be appreciated by classic horror fans. I really believe that with a little preparation for the mood, it can be one of the few movies that will scared you and make a big impression. An intelligent and thrilling horror that should be! Highly recommended. One additional remark: this movie may not repeat. CAN NOT under any circumstances be confused with "The Dorm that Dripped Blood". The latter is a very annoying and bad slasher from the 80s that has nothing to do with the movie, except for the title he stole.
