The British production company Amicus is widely known as an horror anthology specialist, and this magnificent omnibus called "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the best Amicus production I have seen so far (although there are a lot of them) yet to see). "The House That Dripped Blood" consists of four charming macabre stories embedded in the same amazing mansion. These four stories have been presented to you in a wonderfully gothic atmosphere and one of the best bands imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors in history), as well as Denholm Elliott and the captivating star Ingrid Pitt in this movie - so what a real horror fan could afford it? Nobody, of course, and the movie has much more to offer than just a great cast. "The House That Dripped Blood" revolves around an amazing country house where strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method For Murder", tells the story of the novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into the house with his wife. After moving in, the writer suddenly feels haunted by a maniac of his own creativity ... The first segment is a great start to the film. The story is terrifying and macabre, and the performances are very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story of "Waxworks", a retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house and suddenly feels drawn mysterious Wax Museum in a nearby town ... The Great Peter Cushing once again provides a lofty performance, and the rest of the performances is also very good. The story is delightfully strange, and the second after the film, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third story "Sweets To The Sweet" is definitely the most terrible and the most brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) introduces himself to his daughter. The private teacher and nanny, Mrs. Norton, whom Mr. Reed hired to teach his daughter, is terrified because of the severity of her employer towards her daughter and wants to know what the reason why the overprotective father's views on education can be. a terrifying atmosphere and a really terrifying story. Christopher Lee is as always outstanding in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also a very good nanny, and my special praise is given to 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This ingenious segment makes the film a must-have for any true horror fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, Horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy lover / star of Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than a horror movie. However, it is a very funny satire and there are many allusions to other horrors. At some point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who plays in the previous, third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a charmingly macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the most frightening and the biggest, but the other three are also climatic and often macabre humorous horror stories that every horror lover should appreciate. Brilliant atmosphere, gruesome sense of humor, real eerieness and a brilliant cast make it a must see. In short: "The House That Dripped Blood" is an excellent horror-omnibus, which could not be missed by any fan of British horror. Highly recommended!
