The senseless inspector Hollaway (John Bennett's solid line) investigates the disappearance of the famous tspian and discovers the wicked past of a terrifying old home. The first and most mundane "Method for Murder" tale - the successful author Charles Hillyer (nicely played by Denholm Elliott) persecutes the images of the murdering devil he writes about in his latest book. Although this particular trip is too obvious and predictable, it could be something special, but it is based on a real, weak, real ending of a surprise. The second and most moving anecdote, "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (always eminent Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (wonderful Joss Ackland) both are enchanted by the charming wax figure of a beautiful but deadly murderess. Third and the most chilling, "Sweets to the Sweet" - quiet, restrained and secretive widower John Reid (typically gorgeous Christopher Lee in a rare semi-nice role) employs nanny Ann Norton (beautiful Nyree Dawn Porter) to take care of her seemingly charming and harmless daughter Jane (amazingly scary and annoying performance of charming Chloe Franks). This distinctive frightening episode gives a significant disturbing impulse to the exceptional actor of the talented children actress Franks, who designs a truly disturbing sense of calm evil lurking under a deceptively sweet and innocent angel veneer. The fourth and most fun yarn, "The Cloak" - pompous horror star Paul Henderson (delighted with essays on the lofty handle of Jon Pertwee), buys a mysterious cloak that makes him turn into a vampire when he wears it. This element makes good fun stupid, and additionally gains the incredibly plush presence of juicy Ingrid Pitt as the enticing vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, working with the delicious macabre and witty script of the famous writer of horror, Robert Bloch, keeps fast pace and deals with the creation of an appropriately amazing atmosphere. Kudos are also here to get clear pictures of Ray Parslow and the dark result of Michael Dress. I highly recommend omnibus frare fare fans.
