I admit I was biased when I reviewed it because it was my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in 2005. In the late night "Fear Friday" at AMC, which often draws unclear gems from cold stores for new generations. I decided to watch the entire Amica series of anthologies before I go to any of them here to make sure I have a perspective. Looking back, I still evaluate The House That Dripped Blood as my favorite, and then Tales From The Crypt, and then Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series charming --- vintage Pictures in the style of the 60's / 70's, scary for kooky, far-reaching tales and the absolute Britishness of all this in background music - --- they met here better than any other. The film focuses on a very old English country house and a disaster that affects all who live in it. <br /> <br /> The first story concerns a writer of horror and his wife who moved to this secluded place to rest from the city so that he could concentrate on his passion. He creates a murderous character named Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulties with telling reality from fiction. There is a subtle physicography here because of his agony, which I found amusing but frightening. And these horrible teeth (again, these are British actors, maybe they were REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing), who moved here to escape from his loneliness, but it only gets worse when lost love visits him. He seems to have found a salvation at the local (very scary) wax museum, but it turns out that he would be much better alone ... <br /> <br /> The third story includes the wonderful Christopher Lee (my favorite British horror actor) as a lonely father with a pretty upset and totally terrifying young daughter. She is constantly afraid that she will enter things she should not - like magic! He has a natural talent for it, for good reason. Lee is excellent as an ice-cold discipline, this man has a real talent for playing characters absolutely devoid of heat !! But despite his best efforts, the little troublemaker learns the forbidden knowledge, and the bad things follow ...... <br /> <br /> This last story is a tale of a cynical senior veteran who feels the young director he's working with it is not eligible to capture the right vampire movie, up to the quality of the costumes and his coat in particular. So he goes to the old store with curiosities in the middle of a misty night to get something more "authentic". He does not know that he has picked up a truly authentic vampire cloak! Turning it on at midnight has rather noticeable effects. Before I reached this fourth and last history, it was already after three in the morning and I could not sleep after my first attempt (not from boredom). But I have experienced something that I have hundreds of times, an interesting experience with film or music, when I go in and out of a dream, and the movie / music becomes part of my dream !! Great fun!! This bizarre story was perfect for that and it seemed far more terrifying the first time than in reality, because I woke up when he was levitated by the power of his coat and did not quite understand what was going on at the beginning. Soon after, the charming Ingrid Pitt, costar on his film set, came to visit and warned her not to wear a coat at midnight - but he did not have to worry about it because she was a real vampire herself. The strange keyboard sounds that accompanied him on the stairs were just hysterical !! And again in my drowsy condition it seemed quite confusing to me! Additional note: Catch Lee and Pitt with the stunning Amicus Britt Ekland in the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link in this place was an intertwined commentary between stories, but based on the stories it is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the fourth one because it makes me smile a lot. I would say that it is worth to watch the series in chronological order, if you can. The last film from this series, Monster Club (1980), is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films, except sometimes the average Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like one of them, you should watch them at least once. You will probably come back many times to watch your favorite.
