Connecting stories: the next time I watch for the first time, and again it is one of the most popular Amicus anthologies - and it's easy to understand why, although I realize how few sensible film titles can be misleading for some people; I certainly liked the choice of director Peter Duffel - DEATH AND MAIDEN (which is actually a classic Schubert song that can be heard in the film during the episode of Peter Cushing) - much more. Although the connecting device itself is not that great, all episodes are equally attractive and enjoyable. Production values ​​are just as respectful of the budget with which Duffell had to work. The latter gives the film a lot of style that is not so common in this type of film and, frankly, regrets that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (though more so that he would not be the type rather than because he felt that he is under it). <br /> <br /> Now for individual stories: <br /> <br /> "Method for murder": the initial segment does not offer any real surprises, but to compensate for this, sometimes it is quite uncertain and appropriately frightening ( "Fictional" black character of Tom Adams, looking like the long-lost brother of Boris Karloff from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); it also ends with a satisfying creation of the DIABOLIQUE type and has a rather intense role for Denholm Elliott at the forefront. That's all we need, really. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": in the second story we present a strange romantic mood that is quite unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (and immaculately dressed) in their roles two abandoned women lovers who still obsessively obsess them even after such a long time, and their friendly competition can lead them blindly and inevitably to a fate that is literally worse than death; the scene of sinister hallucinations with Peter Cushing is quite well done due to the limited resources, and the inexplicable ineptness - or Ackland's reluctance to leave the city - is somewhat reminiscent of the EXTREMATED ANGEL Bunuel (1962) arrested in the home of aristocrats. > <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": this is probably the best episode - with its ambiguous role, Christopher Lee still demonstrates his versatility, and is accompanied by an understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and the deceptive innocence of Chloe Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter) . The treatment of occultism in this film is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely chilling curtain. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in the description attached to the CD, and when I saw her, I felt an instant familiarity with her face, but I could not quite touch her. Later, reading her filmography, it turned out that she played one of the main roles in the long-term stage adaptation of Agatha Christie's "Mousetrap" in the London West End, which my brother and I were lucky enough to catch on our summer holidays in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we had no idea at that time that she created such a delicate - and delicious - portrait in pure evil, mainly thanks to her peculiar look and devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": a crazy but strangely reverent tale of vampires (which still manages to refute many myths associated with the subspecies, inventing new ones)! cinema and, at one time, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is wonderful as a horror star in a camp, which gets more than he expected when he tries to give his work a certain authenticity; Ingrid Pitt nicely presents her image, although her role is somewhat dependent on the proceedings; Geoffrey Bayldon (invented to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has an extremely bizarre piece; The "quiet" ending style was quite bold enough to attract the audience, I think - and while some of the humor comes out as heavy a la la FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), it is also quite contagious and it definitely ends film on a high (and very unusual) note! <br /> <br /> The picture and sound quality is relatively satisfactory considering that I did not have a different version to compare; the main culprit is noticeable damage to the print, but it is never so nasty to affect the joy of the movie. As for the additions, starting with a sound commentary: to be honest, this is one of the best chats about the genre that I remember listening to; Jonathan Rigby interferes with his opinion more than usual in the case of a moderator, but his efforts certainly allow the director Peter Duffell to touch every aspect of the production (while in the case of some other films, it is expected that there will be more!) And as such is extremely a nice song that very nicely completes the main function. The film "A-Rated Horror Film" is a valuable effort with Peter Duffell again on the central stage, but this time supported by important, though too short, comments from producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get film notes, reviews, bios and a gallery of posters / photos, which are again wonderfully combined (contemporary reviews are something like new things - and that's welcome).
