Four horror stories about the events in the terrifying old mansion were described by the skeptical researcher of Scotland Yard, Holloway (John Bennett), who investigates the whereabouts of the last resident of the house, who was dripping blood. <br /> <br /> You can only fight to find words to describe the real glow that is "Home that dripped blood." This horror anthology of the seventies is quite unusual in the fact that such a visually innocent movie is able to evoke horror even for the most demanding viewers. Unbelievable that the number of violent shows on the screen can be counted on one side, but the movie is still able to depict the brutality and manages to conjure the most terrifying images in the viewers' imagination, while refraining from the obvious path of graphic violence. In the rare horror of the early seventies, the technical details of the film are virtually unmistakable, from flawless performances cast by cast stars (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the perfect direction and story telling thanks to Peter Duffell and the macabre writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaints you can have about "The House That Dripped Blood" are the somewhat asine twists of the plot at the end of the first two segments and the predictable ending of the picture, but even these small details do not diminish the overall viewing pleasure. <br /> <br /> The first segment, entitled "Method for Murder", tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), the author of the horrors, who rents a terrifying home while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to see the murderous character of his story at home and around him and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this song is really special and his character has a surprising atmosphere of credibility. The key to this segment, as in the case of others, is the secret of surrounding events. The viewer has the question whether the view of Dominik's murderous character is only hallucination, schizophrenic disorder or whether the figure is there indeed. Duffell's direction manages to create a disturbing atmosphere in combination with a slow, methodical approach to generating the tension and tension needed to make this segment truly fascinating. <br /> <br /> The following segment presents Peter Cushing as the new resident of a sinister home. During a trip to the city he comes across a wax museum of horrors and decides to go inside. During her stay, she discovers a waxed model of a beautiful woman who seems too familiar to him. The figure of Cushing (Philip) is joined by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), who also wants to visit the museum, to Philip's horror. In this segment, the viewer receives only very subtle hints about the mystery of a woman's wax, but in general the viewer remains in the dark. There is much less tension in this particular story, but the segment still manages to keep the atmosphere of mystery thanks to the particularly shocking sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffel's direction is once again unique and although it is probably the weakest of the four stories, it can not be denied that through some creative direction and credible Waxworks' action is still a great entry into the movie. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' follows what is in my opinion the largest of the four segments? "Sweets to the Sweet". Christopher Lee plays the role of John Reid, the father of a young girl who at the beginning has an inexplicable fear of fire, which soon is remedied by nanny Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, it seems that John is hiding a dark secret about the family. "Sweets to the Sweet" is certainly the most sober and complicated of the four stories, which is why the segment is undeniably attractive to the viewer. Small and subtle hints about the truth behind the family appear in the whole segment, but it is only in the huge frightening final scene that everything is put in place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and tension to create a sinister atmosphere that made the whole movie great. Accompanied by a wonderfully arranged soundtrack, "Sweets to the Sweet" is an exercise consisting of constant fear, which grabs the viewer by the throat and prevents him from leaving until the painful screams ending the song cease to exist. Personally, I think that this short episode would be a fun and disturbing feature film, and I would give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with a story about a lost artist who the researcher was initially interested in. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt play two performers who are currently working on the horror film. Pertwee is disgusted by the amateur production and props of the film, so he buys his own vampire coat from a strange store of secrets. However, strange things begin to happen when he wears a coat, and soon begins to fear the worst. This segment, which places the inspector among events, is a good way to end a wonderful anthology. Although there is unmistakable air in this segment, it is in a sense what makes history so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is not much in this segment, which could be considered terrifying in any sense, and the predictable completion could have been better, but the segment still has its own functions. Horror fans should definitely pay attention to Pertwee's short commentary on Dracula Bel Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This somewhat comical and light approach to the final segment is in fact an adequate and almost natural way to end the picture, even if it allows you to lower the level of the film compared to previous examples of voltage-driven horror. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, "The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the greatest horror anthologies in which you can find amazing casts, great stories and over the direction of couples. There are certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while fans of blood and guts will be very disappointed, fans of more tense horror efforts should enjoy this film immensely. My opinion for "The House That Dripped Blood" ?? 8/10.
