In the 1970s, omega-horror movies were popular. I do not like them myself, but this is undeniably a great piece of British horror cinema. The House That Dripped Blood is an omnibus horror, containing four stories that surround a terrifying old house in the country, and a real estate agent informs them to the officer of Scotland Yard. <br /> <br /> This movie has the title of three famous horror movie stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whom horror fans recognize as one of Lee's stars in Britain's greatest horror of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the film, entitled "Method For Murder", tells the story of a horror film, which the creator; strangler named "Dominic" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds up tension very well; through his girlfriend, he and the audience believe that what he sees is the product of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it makes up for the lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and is the final turn of action; which works incredibly well and was a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, titled "Waxworks", plays by Peter Cushing and is my least favorite of four. This story tells the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a museum of wax figures and decides to go inside. Inside, he discovers a woman who is known to him and later discovered that she is a murderess. Pretty much what connected with the woman's relationship with Phillip is never really explained, but the story is based more on the secret to building tension than the details of the plot. His friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) joins Cushing later, and then the story really begins to rise. Setting up a wax museum full of murder for horror is not a new idea; the same setting was used with great success in the excellent 1966 horror "Chamber of Horrors". Although this here is not as great as the one in the aforementioned film, the strength of this setting is no less frightening, and most of them are achieved thanks to the sense of claustrophobia caused by the limited area of ​​the museum. Watching Peter Cushing is always interesting, and seeing him as he avoids a madman with an ax is a treat for horror fans. Despite being my least favorite, this story is still fun and interesting enough not to let this anthology fail. <br /> <br /> The film continues "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best omnibus. This story presents the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story results from the way it is played. It leaves the audience guessing; we know something is wrong with a father or daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. As usual, Christopher Lee presents his character with great honesty; the audience suffocates over their actions related to giving the doll to their daughter and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or have any toys. The card, precisely because it stays close to the chest until the very end, epitomizes the truly chilling line in which Lee tells the guardian that he is actually afraid of his daughter. The ending of this section is superbly played, in my opinion it is one of the best endings of any horror stories ever told, and will stay with you long after the end credits. <br /> <br /> The Omnibus ends with "The Cloak", which is by far the most comic of the four. The story of a horror-starred star, who is not impressed by the technical side of his latest film, goes out and buys a coat. Of course, this coat turns out to be a real mantle of vampires. Unlike the other three stories, this one seems to be played mainly for laughter. However, this is not a bad thing, because most of the humor is fun and serves as a nice contrast to the rest of the movie. The ending of this story coincides with the end of the story about the film, which is a very sinister but humorous end to a very good movie. Also pay attention to the small jibe in the case of Christopher Lee in Dracula. I think it's a nice touch. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want a horror omnibus, you really can not go wrong with The House that Dripped Blood. The third story itself makes the film worthy of your time and it is a really solid horror movie.
