Adaptation by Preminger "Saint Joan" by G. B. Shaw (screenplay by Graham Greene) met with one of the worst critical reactions of the day. She was slandered by the pseudo-elite, the puriists and the audience did not react to the film, which lacked the piety and glamor expected from the historical spectacle. Like in "Peeping Tom" the reaction was malicious and unjustified. The adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and activities surrounding Joan of Arc (her real name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is completely faithful to the spirit of the original art, not only to the literal emotional level, but also formally. His film is a Brechtian study of the functioning of the institution, division within and without different factions that want to take over. As such, we can not identify on an emotional level with any character, including Joan. <br /> <br /> Like Jean Seberg (whose later life offers an amazing parallelism to her role here), she is portrayed as innocent, a figure of purity whose actions and presence reveal corruption and emptiness in everyone. Like Seberg, she plays her both as a saint and as a Madwoman. Her own lack of experience as an actress, when she made this film (which appears in places), communicates Joanna's freshness and youth, revealing both the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a modest illiterate peasant who set out to protect her village and her natural intelligence. In no way did she deserve the fierce criticism she received in the first edition of the film, a performance far beyond the circle and the call of any first actress without any previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger adopted a secular view of Joan, seeing her as a feminist from the Middle Ages, dissatisfied with being a rustic daughter whose destiny is to be a married woman or a whore captured by soldiers to and from the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions, which mix with words such as "imagination" and "common sense", make her wear her fellow citizens' armor to lead them to the battle to hunt for English invaders from France. > <br /> And yet we can say that the film is more interested in Dauphin's court (Richard Widmark), the clergy's office, which Joan tries to lead with Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably manned) and Count Warwick's (John Gielgud) activities, and then in Joan herself. The excellent team (all men) portray figures of Machievellian (though the story precedes Niccolo) of opportunists who treat religion as a child's toy that can be used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives actors great fun to free themselves. John Gielgud as an extremely rational count, whose intelligence (although he is accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate the exact way he can ensure that Joan will be burned at the stake, and Pierre Cauchon by Antona Walbrook will bring a three-dimensional portrait to that intelligent theologian Joan will give a process that will certainly be found guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a real revelation. Unlike the choice of the type of casting you will ever find, Widmark depicts the weak future ruler of France in a crazy, comic caricature that is as close to the film as comic relief. A comical performance that resembles Jerry Lewis's imitation more than the impetuous future ruler of France. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' in black and white, the cinematographer is Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and who made "Life and Death of Colonel Blimp" in color. He is perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Premersial preferences to track shots of long continuous shots are the key to the effectiveness of a movie, there is no point in wasted motion anywhere on its stage. <br /> <br /> This also sets Preminger's direction the most mature (and the most neglected period), focuses on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, on how the institution works and how the unit operates according to its principles. These themes gain the most direct treatment in their film and, as always, keep things unpredictable and do not find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
