Fräulein The doctor is just as good a demonstration as any major film industry in Western Europe has diminished over the last 40 years. Then, in the late 1960s, when the great Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France and England released movies to fill the void after the Hollywood fall. There were pictures of James Bond (Doctor No was a surprise hit in the US, for the first time appeared in the Century theater network in New York with a 99% of the admission price), Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns (with A Fistful of Dollars issued by a distributor who never he did not pay any pennies to Italian producers) and French crime films that usually went to the houses of art, with exceptions such as the Sicilian clan. There were also European co-productions, such as Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fräulein Doktor. With a big budget for this time and engaged world talent Fräulein, the Doctor was good enough that viewers still remember the movie several decades later. <br/> <br /> Kenneth More, who plays the British intelligence officer, has a poem in Fräulein Doktor, where he tells the caught spy to either talk or play a game on the wall. The wall is in front of the firing squad, with a small chance that the spy will win the game. This kind of cynical attitude played well beyond the borders of the country in the Vietnam War era in 1969. <br /> <br /> The exciting scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not hurt the performers' chances of getting a part in Hollywood movies, Hollywood studios were in the process of dropping their foreign distribution and production companies. Fox would no longer be a co-producer of films like The Sicilian Clan, Columbia would not distribute movies like The Night Caller Belmondo. MGM went even further, cutting almost the entire film production, selling his network of cinemas in India for the value of underground land and unloading his studio in Borehamwood, while Kerkorian plundered the studio to raise money to build his casino in Las Vegas (where Bally shop with He sold MGM souvenirs at prices that remained from the auction of MGM props' magazines). <br/> <br /> Paramount was distributed by Fräulein Doktor, but Charles Bludhorn from the Gulf and West, who took over the company and maintained the aging Board of Directors of the studio, unloaded the film library of the studio for Universal (as I remember) and really became interested in films after that as the production manager Robert Evans started showing one hit after another. But it was in the 70's. Fräulein The doctor with his lesbian scene was buried, with cut-out versions of the film shown at local stations through the 1980s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was usually a typemast as a clumsy guy when he was older, especially in the BBC series detective Father Brown. When he was younger, like in the British movie Titanic, he played his standard British officer. In Fräulein, the Doctor had a chance to be much harder than usual, as I remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this movie is accurate, its role and, of course, these cavalry horses wearing gas masks and protective shields going to battle. It was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he is a director, a spy film from World War I, where money spent on production values ​​really appears on the screen.
