EL MAR is a hard, raw, completely brilliant, brave work of film art. Director Agustí Villaronga, with the adaptation of Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquidy from the novel by Blai Bonet, created a film that tracks the deep effects of war on the minds of children and how this exhibition destroys havoc in adulthood. And while we focus on a shameful war tattoo on children, the transfer to soldiers and citizens in adulthood is similar. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without resorting to pampering: the final effect has a much greater impact due to its inborn story after children's march towards adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children are shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatened by darkening and invading the slaughter of citizens at night. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) are witnesses of the terror of murder of men and revenge, which leads one of them to murder and suicide. These wide-eyed eyes become adults, carrying all the mental illness and trauma suppressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> Then we meet those three who are going through adulthood, where everyone is limited to tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "John" Morell (Juli Mira), and kept his lifestyle privately. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a weak sexually repressed homosexual whose cover is the involvement in Catholicism and the blur of delusional self-mutilation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) became a nun and serves patients in a sanatorium. These three are reunited by their environment in the sanatorium and slowly each of them reveals scars from childhood experiences with the war. He longs for Ramala's love, Ramala wants to free himself from Morella, and Francis has to face his own internal needs, covered with the habit of a white nun. <br /> <br /> The setting of the sanatorium provides a graphical plane where the thread between life and death, between desire and love and between devotion and destruction is played out. Refinement would destroy the impact of the film on the individual viewer, but suffice to say that graphic sex and full nakedness are involved (in some of the most stunningly raw film material that has been captured on the film), and the spectator should be prepared to witness every possible form of brutality. For this viewer, these scenes are extremely important, and director Villaronga should be applauded for the persistence and courage in creating this intense story. Actors, both children and adults, are wonderful: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are particularly good at extremely difficult roles. Pictures of Jaime Peracaula and the haunting music of Javier Navarrete serve the vision of the director. This is a difficult film, but highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of the war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
