"Gespenster" A question about being cool in a German cinema <br /> <br /> In the last ten years there are not many German films that interested me so much. Yes, the problem of the most German films is also in this movie "Gespenster". In some places it is uncooked to see well. The special character Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But it's always in German movies. Everyone must learn this coolneß - it is realism in these films. It is difficult to understand. But in this case it makes sense, because it steals and lies - it is a girl who is better, you never love her, because you lose her. This is not clear to another Nina girl in this movie. She loves her - and she will lose her. But Nina lost everything. He will play with soft emotions and a sad feeling. No way - but you must take it, Herbert Achterbusch said for twenty years. It's as often as in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not in the rights of society - she is outside - and there is no chance there. These films try not to give her a part of it in every place. This is one of the problems - a silly break with conventions - a criminal fascination. Throw it all away - and go nowhere! But the actress plays this difficult part very interesting. On the other hand - there are parents - who are a pendant for two girls. They have a car - a hotel apartment - they have money and live in the world with opera music. But the movie always seems to be at some distance. There is not much to explain. <br /> <br /> In the center of this movie is one scene you will never forget. Two girls got a casting. And there they should say how they are together. In this scene Toni will be lying. She said fantastic history has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introversial way. There is no exhibition in it. He looks down and says what will happen here. This is a great moment. In the next scene, at the party with photos in red, this feeling lasts - than Toni leaves ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the movie is over - in coolneß style in German - the trash circle of sadness is closing. But there was a moment - where something else happens - and this moment was important. He is something more than a German coolneß - and these moments are rare in the German cinema at the time!
