"Gespenster" (2005) together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008) Gespenster's trilogy of director Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the German creme-de-la-creme productions of our time. <br /> <br /> Roughly, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped as a 3-year-old child while the mother turned her head for 1 minute in Berlin - and was never seen ever. Since then, my mother has been constantly traveling to Berlin whenever she has the opportunity and is looking, using photographs spread over time, of girls around the present age. As we hear later in the film, the mother has been convinced many times that she found a daughter, Marie. However, this time when he meets Nina, everything looks completely different. <br /> <br /> The film does not bring solutions, even partial solutions, and is quite disappointing. We are also not equipped to decide whether the mother is really crazy or whether her real daughter is still alive or not. The end is the most disappointing. After what we have witnessed in the film, it is imposing on the observer that he is alone because the author leaves Nina herself. A simple departure symbolizing that nothing has changed, can be a strong effect of dramaturgy (eg in "Umberto D."), but in the "Gespenster" it is displaced. <br /> <br /> From the critics, I suggested Freud motifs in this movie, let me give my own test: why do not similar people know each other, especially people who know a similar person? This is quite a crazy question, agreed from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, according to which the concept of an individual is sticking. A person is a person who does not share with anyone else defining it. Aristotelian answer to my question is: they do not know each other because their similarity results from pure change. Anyone who is not crazy believes in it. But what about the case if these similar people have other similarities that are difficult to change, such as scarves on the left under the ankle or a heart-shaped mark under the right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context from which this film was made, although I am not sure if even the director realized it. In spite of our modern Aristotelian world, superstition, preserved in mythologies of people around the world, similar people also share a part of their individuality, and therefore individuality, so it is not unpredictable, but rather diffusive, so that the boundaries between people are open, and similar beliefs build a strong skeleton of irrational ism in spite of our otherwise highly rational thinking - the source of the most interesting Gespenster.
