I am always surprised how many times you will see something about the Second World War on German national television. One would think that they do not like to open old wounds, but there is no week without a document or film about the horrors and atrocities of this war. Perhaps this is a way of dealing with the past, I do not know, but you can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries are really worth watching because they never try to avoid the truth and the same can be said about their films (think about "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall", as you may now), which they are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of such films is "Rosenstrasse". He tells the true story and raises the subject of mixed marriages during the war, even though the film begins with a family in the US at the present time. After the death of Hanna's father, her mother suddenly turned into an orthodox Jew, although she was not very religious before. He does not know where his mother's strange behavior comes from, but when he begins to kick in his mother's restless childhood, Hannah understands how little she knew about her mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is quite surprising. As far as I know, there was no other movie that would deal with this topic. (For those who did not know it yet: a marriage with a so-called pure Aryan man or woman meant for many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they had to work in a factory). But this not only says something about the problems of mixed marriages, but also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and relatives. How hard was it for them sometimes during the Nazi regime and how these people, mostly women, did everything in their power to free their people when they were caught and locked up in Rosenstrasse, for example ... <br /> <br /> Acting is really good, and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really do it for me (and this is the only part you will see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would skip a large part of what is happening these days. At least in the part that is in the US, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talking to someone who knows more about her mother's past is definitely working. <br /> <br /> If you're interested in everything has something to do with World War II, and if you do not necessarily look for a lot of action shots, then definitely this is the movie you should see. This is not a movie in which you can see battles or shooting, but it is certainly an interesting movie, because it gives an idea of ​​a certain aspect of the war, which is not known for much. I give him 8/10.
