On the Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories, creating a living tapestry of love and courage. The film presents a family drama of alienation between the mother and her daughter and the story of German women who organized a protest at Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from some extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the film focuses on saving a child before the Holocaust by a German and on the result of the child's loss of a child. While Mrs. von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has changed the situation, she does not use it to justify German society. Indeed, he shows how, among torture and extermination, rich artists and intellectuals from the German higher society continued their lives and parties, unaware of suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as a Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit down Shiva, a seven-day period of mourning that takes place after a funeral in which Jewish family members devote their full attention to the dead and mourning the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is not allowed to pick up calls from fiancée Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to abide by the orthodox tradition she had previously rejected. When Ruth coolly rejects her cousin, Hannah questions her and finds out about a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child, when the mother of the latter was deported and murdered by the Nazis and vows to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. <br /> <br /> Her mission takes her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety, and interviews her on the pretext that she is a journalist studying certain aspects of the Holocaust. With unwavering memory, Lena tells her story of how, as a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), she was looking for a Jewish Jewish pianist Fabian Izrael Fischer (Martin Feifel) who disappeared and was probably imprisoned despite the protection usually given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in the radiant performance of Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held in prison in a former factory at Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Standing together in a cold night, German women gather, whose husband is missing outside the building, their number grows daily until they reach a thousand screams "Give us your husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. He looks after her, protecting her from the Gestapo and raising her after the death of her mother. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family, and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Wehrmacht officer. After she was refused to help her father to free Fabian, he uses the help of his brother, who tells his colleague, "I know what they do to the Jews. Given his support, she is brave enough to bypass the canals and head to the summit, where her beauty and charm turn out to be irrefutable to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a famous womanizer. Although this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading to protesting women, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions about Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, feminist and intellectual activist, is no stranger to political drama. She directed a film about the Socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about the relationship between two sisters, one of which resorted to political violence to achieve its liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, the film she worked on for eight years, she had to compromise, adding a contemporary fictitious element to make a film. The fact that it works so well is a tribute to the craftsmanship of Mrs. von Trotta and the beautiful scenario of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events at Rosenstrasse lie to the Germans, who say: "We could not do anything." Now von Trotta showed that it is the other way round that you can do something to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that he did not accept the example.
