I do not think that many movies (especially comedies) have added an unforgettable, quoted dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate this - you can see an unusually long list of quotes in this thread - but any movie that can make topics such as defending an expensive copper tube instead of brass for installation in an unforgettable dialogue is amazing for me. This is not the only line that appears and impresses our memory. What do you say to a waiter from a restaurant who regrets the planned marriage proposal, because it will mean the loss of an old bachelor party? Or a nice, senior breeder encouraging his pack to howl at the moon? Or Perry (John Mahoney's) description of the schoolgirl's teenage promise as "moonlight in martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a great example of a brilliant script, the first direction and a good casting team that fits perfectly. There are other examples (THE OX-BOW INCIDENT's drama is another example, but more bleak). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are involved in the story and cross goals that explore the nature of love and how to deal with it. Is it good to be completely in love? At the end, Cher and Cage seem to think like that, but Dukakis knows that true love drives the individual crazy (and Cage also sees it when he and Cher argue outside the house after returning from the opera La Boheme). Is male infidelity a way to avoid the thought of death. Dukakis thinks that and (which is strange - although he is not convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals unfaithfulness - Dukakis realizes early on that the strange behavior of Gardenia is related to infidelity, and Cher literally encounters Gardenia and his girlfriend at the opera (but Gardenia also encounters Cher's similar unfaithfulness towards Aiello). But the chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles over Dukakis walking with John Mahoney and thinks he has an affair. <br /> <br /> There are also beautiful little moments in the film. Cher's observation about the flowers leading to the receipt of flowers. She heard an argument in the liquor store and her resolution. But the best thing is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Uncle Cher and Aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi, and Rymond's charming and nice expression about the moon's influence on him. This is the sweetest moment of the whole film. <br /> <br /> Is close to a flawless movie. After seeing him a dozen or so times over many years, I can only find two points that do not seem as smooth as they should be. When Cher is in Cage's bakery, his assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions that she is secretly in love with Cage, but is afraid to tell him. Previously, she was a bit clever relative to Cher, who quickly put her in place. However, nothing seems to be done with this potential competition. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit his uncle's and his aunt's daily profits is briefly brought in in seven minutes of the film - but he also fell down quickly. Were there any feature lines that were rejected, except that Cher and Vincent Gardenia worked as a penance in a homeless shelter? It's a bit annoying, but I think it's based on the desire to see more of this movie because it's very good.
