The bitter-sweet accent in this film contains a wonderful element of romanticism that evokes a passionate passion! These features of the idealistic imaginations that have "Moonstruck" stimulate the final result of the loud thumb of the verdict of virtually every well-known critic in Hollywood. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, simply saying that they are "past". "Moonstruck" is a coherent movie that evokes the naivety of the old Italian neighborhood in New York. New York has always been one big melting pot, which is stimulated by many manners that indicate typical New Yorkers, including many Italian Americans living in New York! The mid and late eighties led to the sudden end of many strong associations with various cultural stereotypes. Ethnic polarization was a deeply infested plague in American history, which was much more widespread several generations before the film was made. These generalizing tendencies still exist today, but they are more calming and less identifiable! For this Italian family from a bygone era, confusion, indecision, agitation, and yes, of course, love, all have a comic friendship of completely human understanding for them! Related ghosts with everyone in Moonstruck seem to understand individual weaknesses. One might wonder if Cher plays the main role, because she is more known as an artist than the first movie star in the cinema. However, in "Moonstruck" I think she was incredibly well suited to her role and went so deeply credible in a relatively unbelievable situation. All characters in "Moonstruck" are very rough on the edges, really difficult and are not afraid of a powerful duel with adversities. The most fun aspect of their lives is imperfection and they are well aware of the fact that airing a storm definitely serves a constructive purpose! I thought that the acting in this film was fantastic. All the relationships in this film bring auspicious potential for bright brightening, because everyone knows how the basic nature of everyone really looks! Nothing is effective for this family, nothing is pretentiously romantic and nothing is too emotional (only moderately). The fact is that this whole family is clearly and eternally affected and defeated by an extremely zealous and sincere cupid in their entire lives. Accepting the rays of the moon literally can have a pleasantly devastating effect on someone's determination, mystical masquerade and resistance to the proverbial ore. " It means everything !! The home and mercurial principle in this movie is basically one of; Be honest, get angry; Be honest, be confrontational; Be honest, distorted and resolute; important; Be honest and fall in love !! This is Cher's best performance in history as actress !! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis were wonderfully defective in "Moonstruck". Such performances of these three people were perfectly adapted to the kinetic energy of the heroes of this film! Director, Norman Jewison (known for "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crowne Affair" and the most famous of "In The Heat Of The Night" who won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1967), presents a lot of vivid and humanistic instincts in the process about the intentional mismatch of this movie! I'm of Italian American origin, (Partly, anyway) Cher is not Italian, and he's not a writer or director! I think that if non-Italians like to eat our food, they may as well use our culture to make a fantastic movie! It's refreshing to know that the movie can be wonderful and have an incredibly happy ending !! For those of you who did not like this movie, I only have one thing to say: "Snap Out Of It !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is totally happy and lucky !! Totally the eighties !! and totally five stars !! Look at this!!
