Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a two-level flat in Brooklyn. She is engaged to Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a nondescript man, more of a resigned duty than real love. Before the wedding, Johnny goes on a trip to her sick mother, leaving Loretta to play the olive leaf with her brother Ronny, notifying him of the upcoming wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny that he was the cause of his accident, which caused him to lose his hand (and then his future fiancée), but he falls for Loretta and hard. After a heated affair, Loretta out of respect for Johnny tries to avoid Ronny, but his dark appearance and overwhelming masculinity win. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) meets another woman, but is also a subject of admiration from the college professor and wonders why men are chasing women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can not be married. <br /> <br /> The installation is a pure sitcom, but the story written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of the Italian-American residents in New York is authentic: he sees the quirks of these people and their everyday weaknesses and eccentricities, and all characters have a deep romanticism that appears in key moments of the whole story. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knowing that her chances of happiness are slim, slowly emerges as a woman who is so overwhelmed by the sudden recognition of love that she becomes the heroine of La Boheme, who recognizes the love of a man with a wooden hand (in a clever reverse sex), and Cher lives in this role and makes her and her own style subtly turn her marauder into a deep, dark beauty. Ronny is pure fire, and Nicholas Cage exudes masculine power, as if he were passing Marlon Brando. The Castorini's and Cappomaggi's, balancing the middle pair, express their love for each other in two very important moments: the second couple, on the full moon night, when Loretta and Ronny complete their romance - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy among the elderly - and the first in tense moment after breakfast, when Rose bluntly reveals, touching words that she wants Cosmo to stop meeting her lover Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only a chosen romantic comedy and a movie with dates, but also a beautiful study of love and passion among ordinary people. The ending is a trip of emotional strength, a family situation that goes beyond the momentary complications to strengthen it in the tradition that goes back to the time of immigrants, and the one that raises this film from being just another film about well-being to the classics. MOONSTRUCK deserved his Oscars for best screenplays, actresses and supporting actresses, and proved that he is developing beyond his time.
