I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I just saw it. It improves with age. Heartland is not just lovers of indie movies. At a time when most American movies are little more than cynical attempts to make money using CGI, pyrotechnics and / or profanity, Heartland remains as a piece of American history. It is also a reminder of how most of us are spoiled by modern, urbanized Americans. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this film is exaggerated or stage. Nobody announces any Hollywood movie speeches. The actors really live their roles. It really is a "small" movie, but it really is bigger than most Hollywood productions in many millions of dollars. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who never did anything better), a widow with her seven-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver, but she wants more opportunities. Advertise on the position of the hostess. The announcement is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors), a Scottish born rancher, a widower himself, with a homestead outside of Burnt Fork in Wyoming. Elinore takes the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into Stewart's tiny house on the property. It is an ongoing, treeless pasture, a place of endless views, where silence is broken only by the sounds issued by these people and their animals. This ensures that the person will feel small. Three characters are going for a long time, not seeing another human soul. Worse, Stewart turns out to be taciturn to the point that he is almost silent. "I can not talk to a man," complains Elinore, grandmother Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," says Granny. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of two other characters who see more than just passing. Many years ago she and her husband left for Wyoming from Germany and ran her own ranch because she was widowed. Grandma is the nearest neighbor (and local midwife) and still lives ten miles! The other supporting figure is Jack (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> The routine of Elinore (and her employers) is a never-ending, hard work in which there are no modern facilities and where everything must be done, repaired or made by hand. This is the real meat of the film: Watching the ordinary life of those farmers who are fighting nature to get away from life. But despite constant effort and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other possibilities. He learns that the area adjacent to Stewart is unclaimed. Impulsively complains about the property (twelve dollars or almost two weeks of payment!), Which means that if she lives on it (and she actually has to live there) and works for ten years, he will get it done. Of course, Stewart learns what she did. With ruthless logic, he indicates that without money, without farm animals, without credit and without assets, there is no chance of success. Then he proposes a solution: he proposes marriage. Dazed, Elinore realizes that this is the only true alternative and accepts. <br /> <br /> We think Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian - he wants land and free work - but we see it, in fact, he really likes Elinore and they grow up together. She will get pregnant; goes to work in the middle of a winter blizzard; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through a storm of ten miles to grandma and ten miles back to announce that grandma is not there. It's more like real life than pleasant. Elinore has a child alone, with no help. Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies. They lose half their livestock for a cruel winter. They are fighting further. The last sequence in the film is to be optimistic: the birth of the calf. Clyde urgently calls Elinore to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the head first, the calf is in the foot. He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, tricks, scams or special effects: what happens is what happened: people were born on a bed of straw in a wooden bar by the light of a lamp. Thanks to this, the movie does not end as much as it just stops, leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after some time you appreciate the film as a whole, and not just its ending. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. You will be able to watch it long after most of the last generation films have long been forgotten.
