I am usually a sucker of romantic movies that are well-shot and well made. It is a romantic (periodic) film set in seventeenth-century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a film from the era means that it will be inevitably slower than the films from modern times, so it will be a bit boring. If you can overlook this fact, it is a really good movie. The scenery, costumes and photos are beautiful, and the main actors and actress are very attractive in their performances, designing the intensity of emotions that run through the story. History is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It's easy to believe that this is an accurate picture of a real life character. Despite the fact that I was very touched by the main characters and the story, I decided to check the validity of this story and learned that the main theme of film history - a sad unfinished love story - was completely fabricated. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, instead of succumbing to his promotions with eagerness and passion, just like the film did. She still had sexual relations with him only because he had promised to marry her many times. When they were in court, he did not plead guilty to rape because of the pity for Artemisia torture (as opposed to what the film depicts). In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as a loose, dissolute woman with insatiable sexual urges. In the film, his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and sexual relations with his sister-in-law, and Tassi's character all the time seemed to look as if his sister had slandered him in connection with his alleged sister-in-law (though he admits he had a wife with back in Florence). Needless to say, it was not really like that at all. In fact, far from it. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, which he had fathered. And to top it off, Tassi really had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, impregnating her in this process, but all this was not really mutual - he raped his sister-in-law again before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sex offender, what do we do with a film that depicts Artemisia as a lover? We treat this as an attempt to make this film a romantic film ... that this film was never to be historically accurate ... In addition to the points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies as in the interpretation of Artemisia (in real life it never affected her Tassi's painting style, and she was considered a much better painter than Tassi had ever been.) One thing remains true and it is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi was considered the first painter in history, and although her mastery in art competed with many men, she always she had difficulty getting enough recognition for her work because of her gender as a woman in 17th-century Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie in itself because it is quite a nice romantic drama, but with history it alludes to salt.
