Rock solid giallo from the master of the film Sergio Martino. This shocking mystery, shaped from the magnificent script of Ernesto Gestaldi, often develops fascinating twists of action up to the grand finale, which most can not see throughout the film. That's when everything falls into place, we can go "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of her husband (... in an airplane explosion) and the million dollars that his wife receives from him. There are those who are very interested in this money, in particular one of the deceased's lover. My wife is Lisa (Ida Galli), and Lara (Janine Reynaud) is the lover who demands half of the money. She tells Lisa that she knows that death has been organized by her to get insurance money. Lara says he will use his "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. Thus, the film produces two potential suspects in the later murder of Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton introduces Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates people who gain a decline to see if the payday has been collected in a suspicious manner. When, on watch, Lisa is killed by a man dressed head-to-foot in black in his hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to investigate a bit while helping inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Agent Interpol, Benton (Tom Felleghy), in search of an assassin. The killer hits several times, eliminating anyone who revolves around the missing millions of dollars confiscated by the one who was responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon, a journalist appears in the film, Cléo Dupont (delicious, juicy Anita Strindberg), when they meet with Peter at dinner, where he can try to smell everything that can break the story for her. Soon they will fall in love deeply, but it seems that everyone who is near Peter is killed. Soon someone attacks Cléo with the intention of killing, which pushes the investigation further into the unknown territory. Why would anyone want to hurt a journalist without real facts to destroy the one that kills people. <br /> <br /> This giallo is quite clever and exciting. The movie is never dormant, which is quite unusual because so much is happening, leaving the killer's identity question. This film follows the path of gialli with a knife cut because of a certain pattern taken by the killer (throat and lower torso). The film's conclusion closes all complicated loose ends and is quite satisfying. The film has several unique camera angles, but provides the goods for plotting and realizing the mystery.
