Sergio Martino has recently impressed me with his classics Giallo "Strange deputy Mrs. Wardh" and the unforgettable title "Your deputy is a closed room and only I have a key" - but still I did not expect too much from this movie. The case of Scorpion's Tail is not mentioned as above-mentioned titles when it comes to Giallo's classic discussion - but I do not know why, because it is at least as good as these two! Dario Argento may be the "king" of Giallo, but thanks to the five films he created - Sergio Martino is certainly not too far behind. In a sense, he even exceeds the master. All of Martino's films were released before the jewel in the Argento crown, the great Profondo Rosso, so in the early seventies - Martino was king! The plot follows the idea of ​​murder for profit and results from the payment of insurance to a rich man. His wife inherited a million dollars and it did not take long before people would look for her blood! When soon a dead, insurgent investigator and cheerful, attractive young journalist follow the case. <br /> <br /> The Scorpion Tail Box can not use the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but has two Martino collaborators aboard. The best-known is George Hilton, who collaborated with Marino on The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh and All the Colors of the Dark, as well as many other Giallos. Hilton has a great presence on screen and I see him in an Italian thriller every time; it becomes obvious why he manages it many times. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, which will be remembered from your vice, is a Locked Room, a star next to the Hilton and perfectly provides the classic female pencil Giallo. Sergio Martino once again does a good job in the director's chair, with a few beautiful scenes - the best of them that take place in a room bathed in green lighting! The score Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) perfectly sets the mood, but this is a scenario that once again is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, writer for the other four Giallo Martino, has prepared a scenario that is thrilling when he stays away from the common Giallo trap, which does not make sense; thus releasing the film from the rest of the illogical genre. The case of Scorpion's Tail is a high-quality Giallo movie, and another success of the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love it!
