Case of Sergio Martino The tail of Scorpio is a scenic giallo from the early 70s of this genre. An explosion on a plane results in a million dollars in insurance for a wife, but an unfaithful wife. The money is then kidnapped by a black assassin and a series of brutal murders follow. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's tail plays a mysterious element, written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite simply. But, as a giallo, the murders themselves are unforgettable and well organized. In reality, the violence in this film is very strong in some places - the scene with a broken bottle is particularly graphic. Emphasis on violence undoubtedly affects giallo to move to more and more extreme territory. But like the best movies in this genre, brutality is balanced by good results and attractive photography. The music of Bruno Nicolai sometimes resembles the avant-garde work of Ennio Morricone in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but it is also strong in itself. Photography helps good use of foreign locations - in this case London and Athens - where Martino manages to enter Parliament and Acropolis buildings, respectively! There is also ingenious work with the camera, the most effective is to use the slow motion in the sequence in which the woman runs towards the door, where the maniac is circling outside. In this particular scene, Martino has an assassin breaking into the door with a knife under the influence of the Crystal Plumage of Dario Argento, but he also has a deadly attempt to open the latch with a knife blade, which is a repetition of Argento in Suspiria later. Martino's film is in itself influential. <br /> <br /> It's a good solid track that fans of the genre and non-genre will appreciate. Efficiencies are good and production values ​​are fine (although the plane's explosion is, say, somewhat low in the budget!). The DVD edition by NoShame is nice. It has both English and Italian language options, which is a real bonus. It is worth noting, however, that sometimes you need to be a fast reader to fully appreciate the English subtitle option. This applies to both the film and the documentary in the statistics. However, this is a minor issue because the DVD edition is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
