Sergio Martino is a great director who contributed greatly to the Italian genre cinema and, as far as I think, his Gialli from the 70s is an undisputed event in an impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Case of The Scorpion's Tale" from 1971 is one of those impressive films that Martino has contributed to the creation of the most original subspecies of Italian horror and another proof that a man is a master of atmosphere, style and tension. My favorite Martino movie I've seen so far is still brilliantly "Your Vice Is A Locked Room and I only have a key" from 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh" ( 1971), which I personally like even more than this one. However, this is a matter of personal taste, because "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is also an excellent film that is indispensable for every fan of Italian horror movies and tension in general. <br /> <br /> The film, which provides a tempting tension from the very beginning, has a complex and thrilling plot that begins with the mysterious fall of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance researcher Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is to verify the circumstances of the insurance company, which is to pay a large sum to the wife of the deceased. Shortly after Lynch begins to investigate, the person is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders ... "The Case of the Scorpion Tail" perfectly provides all the elements of the wonderful Giallo requirements. From the beginning, the film is stunningly tight, the score of Bruno Nicolai is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully intricate, and the killer's identity remains a mystery to the end. Giallo's regular guitarist, George Hilton, once again provides excellent results at the forefront. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely delighted with the female advantage. These include the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the finest regular patrons of the Italian genre cinema of the 1960s and 1970s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be known to every fan of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is in fact a great place for Giallo. The atmosphere is always catchy and the photography is great, and the ingenious result of Bruno Nicolai makes the tension even more intense. In short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another great Giallo from Sergio Martino and an absolute must-see for every subspecies lover! Stylish, full of tension and great in every way!
