I am really tempted to reward "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" with a good 10 out of 10 rating, but that would be largely because I think the Italian horror cinema from the 70s is SO much better than the bad nonsense I usually watch . But even without an additional point of nostalgia, this is REALLY a real masterpiece and scores high for its perfectly intricate story, incredible atmosphere, bloodied sequences of killings and great casting choices. In my humble opinion, this is actually the best giallo Sergio Martino, and this must mean something like "Strange deputy Mrs. Wardh", "All colors of darkness", "Torso" and "Your vice president is blocked Peace and only I have a key" are also the best the achievements of the genre. But this movie is only slightly better, and its extremely interesting plot revolves around insurance fraud, which has gone out of control. After the strange death of her husband in an airplane explosion (!) Lisa Baumer immediately becomes a suspicious owner of a million dollars and wants to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company places its best investigator Peter Lynch in the case and follows Greece to her. There, Lisa becomes the target of many attacks, and the mysterious matter increases when it turns out that several people are looking for money. I am always too worried when I briefly summarize gialli, because I do not want to risk devoting important elements of the plot. In "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" events have a sudden and completely unexpected turn before the story is halfway, and I certainly do not want to spoil it. This is followed by many red herring, but Sergio Martino always manages to be one step ahead of you and even if it is not 100% satisfying, the solution is at least surprising. It is also a very stylish film with ingenious camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. The favorite giallo muse Edwige Fenech strangely did not reach this cast (he appears in the other three highest Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a Woman's Skin", "Who Saw Her Die?") Is more than a worthy replacement for her. Charismatic and clumsy George Hilton is reliable as always as an insurance researcher and ?? duh ?? women's deluxe men. If you're a fan of Giallo, do not wait as long as I WAS SAY THIS FILM !!!!
