Joan Crawford has just started her "working girl doing a good" phase with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried such a role before, and the critics were impressed. So while other actresses wondered why their careers were founded (because they clung to characters that were "in" a few years earlier, but now become passe), Joan listened to the audience and secured her longevity as an actress. There was depression here, and children from the jazz age who survived the endless party were not welcome. Of course, if you became rich through immoral means, but you suffered for it - it was fine. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with a spectacular party on a houseboat. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone will swim in underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack because of losses on the stock market, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their real friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - poor Johnny Mack Brown) offers "the right thing" and marries her - they just spent the night together, when Bonnie declared (resigned) that she wants love in approval - begins to show a character, deciding to work. <br /> <br /> He finds a job in a newspaper and quickly raves about his will to do good. Her friend from work is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they get a job to write about the internal activities of the crowd. Rodney also surprises her with the news that she has a job. He is delighted with him, but he soon realizes that it is a bootlegging and is mixed up with the cold-blooded killer Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney is a witness to mass shootings and smashes into pieces, "spilling beans" on the first person he sees in the bar - which happens to Bert. Then he is forced to kill Bert and then he hides. The document pulls out all the stops, trying to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie as a secret dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan dances very much to "Accordian Joe" - to disgust with Sylvie). The film ends with a battle for the weapon and when Rodney dies, Bonnie tears in her eyes with tears in her eyes. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie where Crawford and Gable do their best. Natalie Moorehead, who shared Sylvie's famous "cigarette scene" with Gable at the beginning of the film, was a stylish "other woman" who had fashion in the early 1930s. William Bakewell had a huge career (he began as a teenager in the movie Douglas Fairbanks in the mid-1920s). Many of his roles are, however, weak, backless figures. In this movie, he played a weak brother and was completely obliterated by Joan Crawford and the dynamic debutist Clark Gable - maybe that's why he never became a star. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend it.
