Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Ali, the prime directorial effort of Shivam Nair. Soha probably has her first (?) Muscular role as Megha, the girl who escaped from the house and waits in the marriage registration office in Delhi to let her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) meet her. He waits and waits until he is finally noticed as a lady in danger by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together, pulling her out of one disturbing situation after another and finally falling in love with her. Then the boy returns! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sounds familiar? This is another adaptation of Dostoyevsky's White Nights with a bit of borrowing from Le Notti Bianchi (though very small - Ankush keeps lovers separately, telling the boy that he is dead!). But it is more down-to-earth and more realistic (duh) adaptation than Saawariya, which is awakened and exaggerated. I wonder why no one brought this little gem when we talked about Saawariya like crazy a few months ago. <br /> <br /> The settings in Delhi are great - it is mandatory to drive through old Delhi, pictures of Jama Masjid from the roof, Connaught Circus, streets with rickshaws (What? How?). The colorful lighting fixtures in the hotel are enough to say that it is a dingy connection with rooms for rent for an hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see Abhay, the more I like this young man. In this second film it is quite good as a witness for rent, to which a beautiful woman gives a purpose in life. Soha looks beautiful, and when she smiles, she fits the role, but I found her unconvincing in more serious moments. I'm not entirely sure if she has a great actress in herself, and maybe she will blossom too late like a brother. Himesh Reshammiya's music is not that great, and the movie revolves around songs, breaks the narrative, and does not fit characters who try to sing them. Supporting cast is excellent and I give this White Night adaptation a thumbs up. BTW - the fact that I love the charming dimples of Abhay Deol, has nothing to do with my judgment.
