Ahista Ahista is one small little genius. I started to watch him, and at first I got bored a bit, because the stimulation was slow, and the main idea of ​​one guy meeting a lost girl was not really new. But with the development of the film, I began to get more and more involved in the film, fantastic writing and a charming romance. The film was extremely simple and natural, and after some time I felt that I was watching the real documentation of the life of one guy. There is one very good reason why the film has such a feeling and it is a fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely persuasive as simple, friendly and fighting Ankush, whose new love motivates him to make amends and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is portrayed as an ordinary mischievous prankster, but also as a helpful and loving person who, like everyone else, will do anything to protect his love. Deol presents all the different shades of his character, both positive and negative, naturally and with complete ease. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His idea of ​​people's lives in the countryside is excellent, but even more impressive is that he shows Ankush's relationships with the various people around him, including his friends and his love, Megha, who is ready for anything. I also loved the way Nair presented his interaction with the loud and plump mother of his friend, whom he calls "khala" (aunt). She likes to drive her mad and annoy her at every opportunity, but we see that she occupies a special place in his heart and is like a mother-figure to him, as evidenced by several scenes. Apart from Abhay, the rest of the cast did well. Although Soha Ali Khan did not stand out for me, she was good and had the charm of her mother. The actors who played with Ankush's friends were very good, just like the actress who played in "khala" Ankush. <br /> <br /> In addition to the performances, the film was excellent. Dialogues were quite ordinary, but brilliant, and the script was also fantastic. This is mainly because, in spite of the not too recent history, it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic and it has not been tried to make it look more than life. The greatest weakness of the film was the uninspiring music of Himesh Reshammiya, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise Ahista Ahista was a great watch and he got better with every scene. The concept may not be new, but the movie manages to look fresh and becomes more and more cordial as time passes. The ending was bittersweet, a bit sad but optimistic. In short, this film really develops slowly, which can easily be attributed to great writing, moving moments, charming romance, realistic behavior and of course the unforgettable performance of Abhay Deol.
