This melodrama from the era is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped in a room are common throughout his work, and as time goes on he became more and more adept at portraying his helplessness and engaging the public in his terror. The sealed room has one major difference from the normal storyline, because there is really no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves a claustrophobic effect here in two ways. The first is the use of space. While a typical Biograph can use a dozen or so sets, there are only two adjacent rooms in the Sealed Room? royal court and dove, which becomes the title tomb. The set design in these short films is rarely mentioned, but here is key. The mansion is a large interior, with a background resembling depth and showing us a window and stairs. Actors come in and out of various directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious, but also free and open. On the contrary, the back wall of the dove is very close to the camera, and the angles in it suggesting a hexagonal or octagonal shape make it seem even more limited. <br /> <br /> The second technique displayed is a cutting cross. Anyone who is interested in Griffith's work will probably know about his intense use and development of cross-sections to build up emotions or tension. Many will also know that strictly speaking it was not his invention. However, what makes Griffith cuts so effective is the way he tracks the opposite images to complement each other. The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean. Shots of masons moving heavy bricks have a slow, stepped pace, with building tension when the wall is raised. This movement is accompanied by arrows of blissful, unconscious lovers in which Marion Leonard breaks the flower petals one by one. When the couple realizes their position, their growing panic is complemented by the opposite shot of the king madly throwing his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point Griffith did not realize yet that the action could be further increased by introducing the third cross-cutting line. The dramatic "ride to the rescue", absent here, later became the standard highlight of Griffith's photographs.
