Until 1909, D.W. Griffith directed films for Biograph for about a year and ?? works at a rate of two or three a week? he quickly began developing his skills as a filmmaker. "The Sealed Room" is a very interesting, 11-minute abbreviation, a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama that even moves somewhat into the realm of early horror. A simple narrative was probably inspired by the story of Edgar Allen Poe from 1846. The barrel of Amontillado and concerns a powerful king who imagines a proud sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife's unfaithfulness. <br /> <br /> Set the Middle Ages, "The Sealed Room" begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) overseeing the construction of a windowless room with a masked dovecote, thinking that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have completely a private place to enjoy each other's company. He is obviously very much in love with her, always showing his feelings, the last act of crowning his feelings. However, the king did not know that his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During one romantic cooperation in a specially built room, a wife and a minstrel are revealed, and the distraught king imagines a way to take revenge on the unconscious couple. In silence, he orders his workers to seal the only door with a stone and mortar, slowly descending into a cack of madness as each new stone is laid down. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has always kept an eye on sharp details, and The Sealed Room is an excellent early example of this. Rich medieval costumes give the film a reality, and the interior of the castle looks authentic enough to be reliable. At the time, the director was also a pioneer in creating tension and I must admit that as the film progressed, I became unhappy with the discovery of what would happen to unfortunate young lovers. In the first minutes Griffith limits his shots to long shots from a stationary camera (as usual), but soon? parallel to the increasingly dark subject? it changes the tactics of editing in a fascinating way. Although he may not have invented this technique, Griffith was key in popularizing the use of "cross cutting"? that is, alternately between different events occurring at the same time. This creates not only a sense of continuity, but also maximizes the level of tension, because we, as the audience, are well aware not only of the ghostly actions of the king, but also that the wife and minstrel are not aware of this all. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, "The Sealed Room" suffers from many shortcomings typical of the era. The whole film takes place in two rooms, with film material made of only three items, so it can sometimes become boring and monotonous. Actors' performances are very exaggerated for an additional effect, but at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his excessive recreation actually contributed to the recognition of the growing madness of the betrayed king. The moment I thought was particularly effective was the moment when two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find the only door replaced by a solid stone wall. Their panicked reactions, accompanied by the king's quiet manic croak, serve very well to create the upcoming sense of claustrophobia. But I thought that their oxygen supplies were exhausted very quickly.
