After he was not very fortunate in selling his scenarios for the new film industry in the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908 the playwright D.W. Griffith got a job that would make him a legend: he was employed by Biograph as a film director. It was not what Griffith expected when he decided to take part in the film business, but he accepted this work and in less than a year he became the most awarded director of Biograph thanks to the original approach to making films and the wild invention inventor of his narrative. Many years later, he directed "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, a film that would revolutionize film production and make it one of the first recognized cinema authors; however, much of what makes him a great filmmaker can be found in the many short films he made for Biograph in the early years of his career. The Sealed Room from 1909 is one of them and also one of the few horrors from the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a story taking place in the sixteenth century in which the count (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but nice and very cozy room, because it is to be used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. The Count does not know, however, that his wife is not entirely faithful, for she is enchanted by Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in the Court with whom she has an affair. As soon as the Count begins to deal with his own affairs, the Countess calls Minstrel, and both lovers go to the Count's new room. When the Count returns, he discovers that she is missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering two lovers in her room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden when he decides that for his unfaithful wife is a better punishment: seal a windowless room with a couple in the middle. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular associate Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room" takes elements from "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar Allan Poe, and above all from Grande Grande Breteche by Honoré De Balzac, create a haunted gothic melodrama based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. Despite the 11-minute working time, Woods's script develops the story in a very good way and plays perfectly with the elements of the horror story. While the melodrama in the heart, Woods focuses on the count's character, and his sadism creates one of the best characters of the horror of those early times. "The Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but dealing with the dark and morbid subject matter of the story makes the story a very funny movie that was completely different than most of Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room" Griffith uses his talents to experiment with tension and tension in a different way than usual. While he often played with editing to create thrillers that excited his audience, in this movie he focused on making desperation and horror, playing with the innate sense of claustrophobia that had source stories. I wonder how this story begins as another of his melodramas and slowly pace becomes faster when the motives of horror begin to dominate the plot, culminating in the great use of editing to the final scenes. Not being a movie where camera tricks are necessary, what's most shining in The Sealed Room is Griffith's talent for directing actors, as the legendary creator manages to bring out the best of his cast, with his usual natural a style that was far from a failure that was the norm in his time. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of Griffith's usual collaborators, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as a count. Johnson gives a great performance and really transfers the character's transition from a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not devoid of a bit of taking over, but in reality he adds realism to the exaggerated personality of the character. As Countess Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in acting, conveying a natural charm that hinders her not compassion in her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as a handsome Minstrel, and although he is not one of his best performances, he manages to give a fluent act that also adds a nice touch to the comedy of the movie. Although it does not matter much for the plot, it's nice to see other Griffith stock company members in the background, like his wife Linda Arvidson and young Mary Pickford as noblemen at Court. <br /> <br /> Although this is not exactly the masterpiece of "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable editing exercise that creates tension and tension, as Griffith did in those days. The film has a very good set design and at a very low budget, Griffith's concern for details makes him look very convincing and perfectly harmonizes with his director's style. Changing focus on horror makes it stand out from other films from that era, and Johnson's performance as a sadistic count makes it worth watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for his extremely influential (and controversial) film "Birth of the Nation", the early short films he made before he really gave a good idea for the development of techniques and styles that would make him a legend. Simple but elegant "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
