Excellent P.O.W. adventure, adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (whose softback book is part of my father's library), inspired by real events; maybe it's the first movie of its kind and that's why it has a lot to say? not only similar rigid labial examples such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953, which I will now watch), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but louder publications on the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This makes the basis quite solid: British soldiers interned in a German camp are developing a brilliant escape plan, borrowing a page from the Greek legend? burrowing under a vaulted horse used during physical exercises and in front of the persecutors! In reality, the film is carefully divided into two parts: the first is about the slow digging process of the tunnel, culminating in the escape itself, while the last stages depict their fate outside the camp when they try to reach neutral Sweden. Typically, in these British films, the stars present several acclaimed (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) celebrities, not to mention countless reliable character actors (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes , Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three guides / fugitives are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two are holding together, the latter are going their own way? only to meet with others on how to achieve security. As you might expect, the narrative contains a lot of uncertainty and excitement; as with the majority of male-oriented P.O.W. sagas also the interest of women is kept to a minimum. Director Lee did not have a long career? with this and somewhat similar (albeit with the change of settings and point of view) A TOWN LIKE ALICE (1956) his most remarkable achievements? but he certainly saw every catchy situation in this case (even if, supposedly, delays in filming caused Lee to resign from his position prematurely, leaving producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of tying loose ends!). In any case, excellent lighting deserves special attention (especially during night sequences).
