This is a real story about how three British soldiers escaped from the German prisoners of war camp (POW), Stalag Luft III, during the Second World War. It is the same POW camp, which was the scene of the Great Escape, which led to the Gestapo murdering 50 re-captured officers (and later a very successful film of the same title was made). <br /> <br /> While other prisoners of war in Stalag Luft III are busy working on their three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick and Harry), two enterprising British prisoners came up with the idea of ​​building a wooden horse's vault, which can be placed near the wire fence, shortening the distance they would have to cover, from this point of departure to freedom. The idea to build a version of a Trojan horse came to them when they discussed "classic" attempts to escape and observe several prisoners playing a jumping frog in a relationship. <br /> <br /> Initially containing one, and later two prisoners hidden inside, a wooden horse could be moved to the complex and put in almost the same position, near the fence, every day. While the volunteer prisoners of war jumped over the horse, the escapees were busy inside the horse, kicking the tunnel under the vaulted horse, when they were close to the wire, under the wire and into the forest. <br /> <br /> This tale also describes the dangers faced by two of the three escaping prisoners of war while traveling through Germany and occupied Europe after leaving the tunnel. All three prisoners of war who tried to escape found their way home (they successfully escaped to the home base). A wooden horse gives a very accurate and real feeling of tension and events of the POW explosion. The film was shot in real places along the route, which both prisoners of war set out to escape. Made with a much smaller budget than The Great Escape, The Wooden Horse is more realistic, if not more exciting than The Great Escape, and never fails, keeping you from the edge of the seat so that prisoners of war can escape. <br /> <br /> The plot is sharp and the rings are real and tight enough to keep the tension throughout the movie. The wooden horse is based on a book of the same title written by one of the escapees, Eric Williams, and is by far the best story about the escape of POW in the history of the film. Some of the real prisoners of war were used in the film to repeat their existence as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. I give this film a well-deserved top ten.
