It's the same with 40-year-old Virginia and another comedy hit this summer, Wedding Crashers, but these are two different films in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have such a perverse, crazy sensitivity that they keep teenagers and boys at the age of 20 with an ordinary dating crowd to see movies. Both also have a pattern for stories. But at the end of 40-year-old Virginia, I think that it was generally more satisfying than "Crashers". Although you can guess where the story of the relationship with the protagonist Steve Carrell, Andy and Catherine Keener, Trish will go, it's not very easy to understand how the Crasherami, and the characters both leading and supporting are realistic, more rounded off than most one-dimensional or unexplained people in the other. And maybe, it may also depend on how much you identify (or you just find insanity) in both. <br /> <br /> The point is that some people can go to a 40-year-old virgin without knowing Steve Carrell. as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell built his iconic status in The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows now) and in small but unforgettable, rebellious roles at Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first main role, but he is not treated like a third-class vehicle. He and co-screenwriter / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on their side all the time, even at the beginning, when he talks with his figurines when he re-paints. It is also difficult to go further - in the hands of the lessor it can be more or less entertainment than Lackluster 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunctions). As the title suggests, Andy is a forty-year-old who is like a nice friend of a guy with a small Pee-Wee Herman (opening the credits for his apartment is fun, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comic films) try to develop different strategies and tips to finally break the kind of curse over Andy's head, to tap your cherry, so talk. She almost meets an overly drunk woman, almost gets into a bizarre girl and almost her own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in mockumentaries) as (expansive) buddy. But soon everything will fade when it comes into a significant relationship with Trish, who works across the street. Because they are based on a relationship that is not based on sex at all, you may be afraid that the role-playing equipment "how to say it" can prevent comedy. It is not so. In fact, if at all, Carrell and the cast build it to a very high degree. Practically for an hour and a half of a movie lasting two hours, I hardly laughed at the moment whether it was big or small. <br /> <br /> Big laughs make up for the formalities related to the plot, or one or two small, stray stories (fellow associates also have problems with relationships, Rudd is the funniest). Big laughter comes from Carrell's reaction and that people around him can either support their kind of humor / charm, or the more true. Keener gives very good performance and makes a true spirit of their relationship (and not like "Crashers", there is not so much, which does not make sense in the sense of the character). For someone like me who loves it when the comedian can only laugh at the way he looks at his face, Carrell gets very high points here. And as with the Farrelly brothers' film, more primitive or outrageous scenes are performed with total absurdity; the "waxing" scene (by the way) and the type of musical Aquarius number at the end of the movie (the way it comes out at first glance is a total, noisy surprise). But if you do not want to take offense, where does more come from. This is one of the funniest movies of the year.
