The criticism of THE EVENING, based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted for the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was fierce, so sharp that it could discourage many viewers from trying the movie. Basic criticism focused on the fact that very little is happening in this film about a dying woman who is afraid of the mistake she made one summer in her youth, that the famous actors received very small roles, that all the production was exaggerated, etc. For this viewer, seeing the movie on DVD in the silence of the house, a completely different reaction appeared. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home by the ocean and medicines and memories let her share the man's name - "Harris" - with her two grown daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson ). When her daughters are sitting next to her bed, Ann experiences a special summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lili (Mamie Gummer) - Ann married (Claire Danes as a youthful Ann) and Lili Buddy's alcohol brother (Hugh Dancy) opposed, feeling that Lila just married a man in her class, instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of her host who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are entwined into a series of infatuation and affairs that were kept secret until 50 years later, when Ann dies. Elder Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end, and the secrets reveal: "There are no such things as mistakes - life just lasts". The film is a delicate mood song, and the screenplay of Minot and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in this story that could use more explanation, but to keep the aura of nostalgia for the words of a dying woman, such "holes" are understandable. The film is honored not only by Redgrave, Richardson (real daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (real daughter Streep), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with a short cast team, but very solid performances. The setting is great (photos by Gyula Pados), and the musical score is unique - Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") directs, judge this film on her own ... Grady Harp
