So many great actresses in one movie serve as a practical invitation to the local cinema, so I reacted accordingly. Here are some notes .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great even when lying in bed. It also looks very old and I do not think that it could be achieved thanks to a large make-up, which is good for the film, but sad cinema viewers. I think that aging has become a bit harsh in recent years. Claire Danes continues his welcome return to films and emanates with a strong warmth. The similarity of Mamie Gummer to mother Merly Streep in both looks and style is so striking that I lost focus on the movie a few minutes after her entry. It is surprisingly good; however, such similarity threatens to disadvantage it. I agree with the previous commentary: Natasha Richardson definitely had some plastic work on her face. It certainly does not look like I remember it from previous movies (for example, "Nell"). Both she and Toni Collette, unfortunately, do not make much of an impression, partly because they do not look convincing as a sister. Their game is weak. Toni Collette is too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had to have more time on the screen. Streep performance is little more than an episode. Her scenes on the other hand have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the movie. Eileen Atkins provides a vital dry joke, especially in her second role as an imaginary companion of the night character Redgrave. As for men; Hugh Dancy will greatly enliven the movie, although it gives you more performance than necessary. In fact, as soon as he leaves the story, he begins to drag. His merit is also that he manages to create in the viewer the necessary sense of boyish charm. On the other hand, Patrick Wilson is a complete emptiness in the center of the film. He also has the misfortune that the scenario is insufficient to explain why three people (including one man) are so infatuated by this man. History should be more developed. <br /> <br /> Photos are perfect as expected. However, the main set of the summer house did not convince me. It does not look natural at the top of this rocky hill, especially with a grass patch in the front. A bit cardboard. <br /> <br /> Generally, the movie is a classic production, but I've seen it all before, I've been crying-on-it-all-before I felt overwhelmed by most of its duration and consequently did not have the impact I expected from the squeezer tears. Still, it made me wonder about the passage of time, about my expectations of life and the extent to which they are fulfilled or not. It is worth to try at least on DVD, if not on movies ...
