After watching the trailer for the evening, you'll probably first think about how great the cast is (I mean, they even got Brad Rocky Horror, Barry Bostwick to show the world that he's still playing), and the next second, as they just showed us the whole movie. Although this is not entirely true, the film is quite nicely summarized in the trailer, and this is not necessarily bad. It's a story about a dying woman who remembers a long time ago when she met the love of her life - the one who escaped. Her daughters hear her mention of people they have never heard of, and the story of what happened when she killed Buddy and Harris soon happens. Regardless of what is happening in the film, it's not about these people and what they do, right or wrong. It is a vehicle that shows that there are no mistakes in life. What may be regret can actually be the only case in your life that must happen to make good times happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is nicely told and very clearly adapted from the literature. Our filmmakers decide to tell this story, interfering between the present (Ann on the deathbed), sleeping (Ann hallucination, combining the present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meets Harris at the wedding of her best friend). There are several moments in which the cuts are a little sudden, and the progress of the past is so good that the current things can be a bit long and boring, but in general, it is treated better than at the beginning. It is not that Ann's life is uninteresting now, it just has less to do with the plot than with the learned morality. While I admit that the parallels of the past help to alleviate the problems of Ann's children, I was still too impressed at the wedding to care as much as I should. There are, however, a few nice moments, such as the catastrophe that Ann wakes up with the slumbering naps and mysterious dreams that connect the two worlds together. <br /> <br /> It's acting that makes flashbacks so fascinating and fluid. These performances are completely riveting to the point that you get a little nervous when our period has changed and we have to wait to find out what will happen next. No matter how annoying I think the angry / sad / crying face of Claire Danes, which occurs in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I am more and more happy with her talents, which simply thaws even more. Patrick Wilson is always great in everything I've seen. You must give him recognition for choosing really fantastic roles and never more than one film a year. From Angels in America to last year's Little Children, the guy will soon break out, but let's hope he'll stay true to the craft and not earn. Heck, even Mama Gummer is good as a younger version of her true mother Meryl Streep (which is surprisingly few in the film). It is still rough on the edges, but it was wonderful in expressing the emotional confusion through which her heroine goes on her wedding day. The real revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel that I have seen him in many matters, but in reality he appears only in King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he's in, and the way his Buddha's role is devastated by love / alcohol / life is engraved in his face. Without his performances, retrospective sequences could become a somewhat forgotten category, like the rest of the movie, and make the experience much worse. <br /> <br /> Although not entirely original in terms of what the writers are after, the evening brings intelligence and crafts to the table. You may be able to collapse the length and number of cut scenes to combine everything together, but you can not claim that the game is not worth keeping. Maybe the film version of the wedding itself could be something that you can see, but when everything is connected, something that could not be achieved without all other plot features can also appear. Either way, the payment is worth living, and every level of reality ends with its subtle beauty and matches what was before it.
