While on her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and remembers the 1950s when she was an aspiring singer and traveled from New York to be the honorary maid of her rich friend Lili Wittenborn (Mamie Gummer) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is received by the alcoholist and reckless brother Lili Buddy (Hugh Dancy) in Wittenborn's cottage by the sea and tells her that his sister is in love with her friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) who fought in war and he graduated in medicine. Later, the future maiden confesses her true feelings to Harris. However, when Ann meets Harris, she falls in love with him and have a brief affair during one night, while the tragedy happens to Buddha. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, uncertain and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), worry about their mother and have differences to solve. <br /> <br /> "Evening" has one of the best women's castings I've ever seen in a film with great performances. The similarity of the stunning Mother Gummer with her mother Meryl Streep is amazing and has a performance that honors her mother's name. Places, costumes, scenography, photos and soundtrack are also amazing. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I did not understand clearly the message of this film. Why is motherhood so important in history? Was Constance born on the night scene of Ann and Harris, and he will be her father? Why did not Ann and Harris stay together if the guy really loved her, as he says during an occasional meeting in New York? What problems did Ann Lord solve after Lili Ross's visit? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or was his love for Harris a brotherly love? Why did Nina Mars finally change her mind about motherhood? It seems that the scriptwriters or director failed because they were unable to give sense and fulfill a beautiful love story. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
