The evening is a beautiful story about the mother's mistaken love. The film is divided in time, magically shot, amazingly played and has a touching scenario. Vanessa Redgrave plays the role of Anne Grant Lord, a woman setting out for the sun. Lying in bed, remembering and desperately thinking, he mentions his first mistake. Claire Danes plays young Anna, giving her youthful vitality to a dying woman. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) try to decipher the real story from depressing dementia. Her first mistake concerns Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); a man whom her best friend Lila (Mama Gummer) loved her. Daughters must come to terms with their mother's past and their future. The cast shines in the evening. The collective energy of this film could power the equipment for the production of this whole film. I'm glad Claire Danes is working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, she lives full of joys, mistakes and the broken heart of the first mistake of young Anna. It's a real feat when you realize you're playing a woman dying in bed. When her life overwhelms her, you can feel her desire to break and her hopeless hope that she will not. Some of her facial expressions grated a little, but her performance was so radiant that it was just a remark. Toni Collette still proves that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. He plays on the family's black sheep; a bit lost. Nina finds a lot of power in her mother's error. Collette gently avoids making a cruel figure that relishes on her mother's mistakes, instead she chooses a smarter learning path on her mother's mistakes. There are many conflicts between Nina and her sister Constance. Their fights remind me of the ones I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays young best friend Anne, is wonderful. Her character lies between her heart and her status in society. Even when she cries and her heart breaks, she is incredibly royal and charming. I can not wait to see something else in it in the future. Presenting Vanessa Redgrave is very difficult to describe for me. Her talent to give ambiguity to mental status without being crazy, or even particularly tragic, is so powerful. The audience does not know if it's coming up with a story because it's getting out of hand or if these events really happened. Physically and emotionally speaking, Redgrave works in a box. A small physical space and limited emotional range could be a bewilderment for a smaller actress, but she makes the limitations work on her. I was constantly amazed. The film is definitely focused on the woman, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is hypnotizing like Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother, getting out of control. Hugh Dancy impersonates the Buddha, not sending his actor into the mud. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous Monster's Ball scene. It's horrible and mourning is falling. I was completely stunned. One of the actors' disappointments was Natasha Richardson. While her battle scenes were unforgettable, most of her acting recesses of the melodrama. She had to take a bath before we had to breathe her with the stench. It's good that she was not responsible for the visual effects. The visualizations of the film are shiny. Operator Gyula Pados could not make a film richer in color, light so perfectly matched to the mood and emotions. Visual flash back concepts are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that you could stop, print, mount and sell as art. I admit I cried. The evening is a powerful movie. The evening is a defiantly quick move, but a really great chick. If you want to impress a woman with a selection of films, choose Evening.
