Ever since I started reading the book on which this movie is based, I have mixed feelings about the filmed result. I learned some time ago to see the adaptation of the book before I read the book, because I discovered that if I read the book first, I was inevitably disappointed with the movie. This would certainly be true here, whereas in the case of Atonement, which is probably the best filmed adaptation of the book I've ever seen, it probably would not matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what's causing and I suspect I need to point my finger straight at Michael Cunningham. Although I respect him for the Hours (which I have not read, but which I have seen and delighted), I can not help feeling that he did not adapt Susan Minton's book as much as he did a few characters and basic assumptions and write his own film from it. <br /> <br /> It's not like I do not like a movie. I really love this movie, so since I started reading the novel, I feel concerned about all this. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton for having enjoyed a movie that was so far from her job. Reading this, I understand why she had such a fight by adjusting it. Contrary to what one of the film reviewers said, it's not so much that some novels do not deserve a movie; it's as if some books just could not pass. Mrs. Minton's novel works on a level so personal and intimate in relation to her main character, so internally that it seems to me impossible to put her in the physical realm. Although many books are a memory of real events, it is a memory, so fragmentary and airy, that I feel, is not filmable. I think Mrs. Minton's work is a real work of literature, but she can not go to a movie that in no way detracts from its value. <br /> <br /> I can not yet report that Evening, a movie, does not represent Evening, a novel, in a more than superficial way, because I'm halfway, but the original would have to make a huge leap to resemble a movie that follows in this place. I think I am writing this because I feel that if you are going to adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not do it with anything other than not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham did something completely original, but from what I see up to now, everything he did is based on someone else's work. We would not have Hours if Virginia Woolf did not write Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have Evening, in his difficult situation, if Susan Minton did not have so much trouble doing what probably should not have been taken at the beginning. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton left alone because the Evening, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful work of its own. <br /> <br /> So my confusion, mixed feelings, sense of disloyalty and the final conclusion that in this case the novel can not be a film and vice versa, and my possible gratitude to both writers for what they did, so that we have both jobs the way they are.
