The first "side story" in the universal universe Gundam presents a refreshing look at the war between the earth and the cosmic colonies. We are no longer focusing on a small group of people who will play a key role in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and on how the war is seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> This story does include some Gundam staples, and their premise is to try to get an experimental Gundama by the ZEON branch, but this plot made the series so interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named Alfred and a relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, who is secretly a pilot of the Federation and a novice Zeon named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot also falls in love with Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in Your Pocket" proves that you do not need a great epic story about special people to do for a good war story. There are no uber-ace pilots or great fleet battles. This short 6 episode of OVA focuses more on the emotional character drama than on other topics such as politics or philosophy, and I love how characters are realistically portrayed. Alfred is a typical everyday kid who plays violent computer games and thinks that the armed forces are cool. He then receives an emergency course in the terrible realities of the war. The extraordinary friendship and bond between Bernie and Christina, each of whom does not know that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, is played very realistically, not exaggerating with romances. The same applies to the captivating relationship between Alfred and Bernie. With that in mind, I do not want to mess up much of this story, but it makes seeing the tragedies that develop over time, down to its devastating emotional twist, much more painful. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, this performance never belongs to the "boring" category. The heroes are addictive enough to move the whole show. There is nothing to worry about, because here and there are many mobile action scenes. Each of them is beautifully animated at a level exceeding the OVA level and will surely satisfy the desire for some "mandatory" battles in mobile costumes in the Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Usually watching anime in Japanese or English, I would leave personal preferences. But in this case I strongly recommend the English voice over Japanese. The characters, all of whom except Caucasian are Alfred, sound more believable in English, but the performances of the English voice cast are on par even, and even outperform Japanese, instilling in each character such realistic emotions and intonation that they only sound in some live TV series. <br /> <br /> In short, this program does not try to impress the audience. What he does convey a lot of inspirational themes that strike the closest to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A really moving little story that deserves more than what is being awarded.
