It is a complex film that explores the influence of Fordist and Taylorist capitalist production methods on interpersonal relationships. There are constant references to production on the assembly line, where workers are treated as machines in the machine, supervised by managers having lockers, controlling how much hair the workers leave exposed, and workers firing (Stanley) who meet all criteria (as his supervisor says, they are always punctual, hard-working, do a good job), but who may make a mistake in an undefined future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys the family - Stanley must send his father to a nursing home (where he dies fast) after Stanley loses her job. Daughter Iris is a single teenager who leaves high school to work at the factory. It has been referred to the fact that now, with the drop in pay, both partners have to work, which means that no one stays at home to look after their children. Iris' husband is dead because of the disease, and seeing in the film many references to the costs of medical care, the viewer has to wonder if he could live with better and more expensive care. Swedish brother-in-law is offended after another failed day at the unemployed's office when his wife yells at him for buying beer with savings instead of leaving him to raise his face and / or work his teeth (even the working class without rate) in the conventional bourgeois notions of excellence and beauty they buy them). The only reference to the race in the film is a black worker from a factory whose husband is in prison (presumably also black, and black men suffer from disproportionately high imprisonment rates). He notes that he, like her, "makes time" - her family consists of a prisoner and slave wagered. <br/> <br/> Stanley, however, still believes in interpersonal relations and is therefore intended for the majority of the film outside the system of Fordist capitalism. He takes care of his father, despite the fact that his salesman's work caused his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced interpersonal relations to a purely instrumental contract, as does Iris's brother-in-law (suggesting that he "married" an evil sister). He, Iris says, does not adapt to the routine of work and sleep of all others; rather uses technology and industrial production techniques in a craft and creative way, like the Bauhaus ideal. It was the dream of early modernists and socialists of the 1920s (such as the Bauhaus) - the use of technology to satisfy all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and fuller interpersonal relationships. It is also outside of traditional gender relations. He cooks, cleans, cares for his family and knows how to iron. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditionally male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley to the public sphere, traditionally inaccessible to women. By teaching him to read and write, he gives him access to the world of knowledge, including the traditionally male sex. <br /> <br /> Reading and writing skills are used here as a metaphor for the (traditionally male) public sphere and circulation systems (money, car, culture) enabling participation in the public sphere. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - his tasks are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular circuits, is unable to participate in money (can not open a bank account), in a vehicle (can not obtain a driving license, can not ride a bus) and in company (he asks if there is, if he can not write your name). <br /> <br /> After learning to read, he reads books about repairing cars, agriculture and spirituality (Bible). The Word of God is therefore relativised, placed on the same level of values ​​as guidance books. In fact, organized religion is rarely present at all - the Bible also appears on the dresser when the camera moves to find Stanley and Iris having sex. However, this is considered a moral force - Iris, clearly a character devoted to the life of "good", recalls at the beginning of the film that her rosary was one of the objects lost in the handbag abduction. <br /> <br /> Once he was able to read, he enters the system and takes a managerial position with a health care plan, car and home, taking the place at the head of the family, the breadwinner. He is probably an industrial designer, inventing products that will require other abolition of production on the production line. This ending, probably the only conventional Hollywood movie, is so inconsistent with everything that has happened before, that at least I wonder if it was forced by some Studio contractors suddenly concerned about the lack of a good ending and its potential impact on the final result. <br /> <br /> Now, according to experts, we have freely moved to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a somewhat nostalgic character, as if we needed a historical distance to really analyze what happened in that period. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to train your brain. Ignore the ending and it is close to perfection 10.
