I love all dogs. Go to heaven, although I'm a guy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films that Don Bluth did! In the film Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) helps him, Itchy's (Dom DeLuise) friend in the fight against pounds in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who is in the casino industry, wants to match his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface, who does not want to match Charlie, pushes the car on the bridge to Charlie, killing him! Charlie enters Heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore), who tells Charlie that his time is over, showing him the watch that has stopped, and she explains that All Dogs Go to Heaven, because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind him and turns it back on, and he comes back to Earth alive with the cry of Annabelle You can never go back! Charlie reunites with Itcha and goes on to find out that Carface not only tried to murder Charlie, but also kidnapped Ann Marie's little orphan (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy, help Ann Marie escape. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie are going to look for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who, according to her, will do great parents for her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie sneaks up behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy go to the horse race, where they bet the man's money that the horse wins the race! The horse they said they would win wins, and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie receive $ 1000 per bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie that she will use this money to give the poor, but ends up buying a new casino and gambling and buys a pizza for her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie learned that Charlie had stolen his wallet and used his money for a horse race and everything! Charlie is sad to dream about going to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and learns that Ann Marie is gone! She left to hand over the wallet to the couple who had forgiven her wallet and invited her for breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to come out with him, and she pretends to be sick, but they are captured by mice who try to feed them with the Gator king, but they manage to escape! Soon, Carface appears and gets Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls the Gator king who eats Carface. Charlie's time is over and he must die again. Itchy, with the help of other dogs, finds a couple who took Ann Marie and asked them to go with them to Ann Ann. They're in time to save Ann Marie, but it's too late to save Charlie, who's running out of time! Charlie, who was rewarded for his heroic efforts to rescue Ann Marie, is welcome back in Heaven, but before he enters, he says goodbye to Ann Marie, who has been adopted by a couple and asks her to look after Itchy for him. He says so and tells Charlie that he loves him and goodbye! Charlie enters Heaven again, as the saying goes, All dogs go to heaven! Full of great animation, characters and history, Don Bluth has again proved to us that he is a good animator! It is a pity that this movie appeared in the same year as Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both appeared in 1989, the year before my birth! I think I will have to call them both the best animated features from 1989! 10 out of 10!
