Above all, "St. Ives's film is quite loosely based on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson with the same title, but once it is not a criticism. The original novel was a work in progress, unfinished after the death of the author, and the creators of the film freely adjusting and ending it, introduced some charming characters that, although different from the originals of Stevenson, I am sure, charmed and amused. <br /> <br /> It is 1813: Captain Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat orphaned by the revolutionary guillotine, currently serving as a hussar in Napoleon's army. We meet him going out for the evening, claiming that since the hussar, who had not died before the age of 30, is a "black guard", he, at the age of 34, is now "for a borrowed time"! Of course, when faced with a number of challenges duels, our amazing hero seems threatened, but the surrealistic trick on his colonel ensures him a way out of duels and to the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, it also results in the loss of his commission ... Further misfortunes make him taken captive by the British and sent to a prisoner-of-war camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, Jacques draws the attention of Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a well-traveled woman of the world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most stories are about Flora helping Jacques escape and find his exiled grandfather, old Comte. Of course, there is a problem. Jacques' older brother, Alain, a dissolute alcoholic, is - perhaps understandable - far from satisfied when his grandfather disinherits him in front of the whole house, at the very moment Jacques appeared ... Treason Cue! There is also a funny story about the romance between the awkward, naive but good-natured Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who traveled through most of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing for natural prejudice in favor of every movie in which the characters share my surname, "St. Ives is magic! It combines great sword fighting, ballooning, comedy and romantic adventure. I recommend it to anyone who loves "a film they no longer create" - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn and co. Acting is great. Anna Friel makes Flora a thrilling and attractive heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is delightful as Jacques, a truly lovable hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are my favorite favorites and they have a great time as Susan and Farquhar, whose relationships act as a comic counterpoint to the leaders. Jason Isaacs, like a frantic, intriguing, but finally tragic Alain, shows how recently in "Patriot" he has a classic swashbuckling style, in addition to an elegant look! Please, will someone throw him as a * hero * in the genre? !!! <br /> <br /> My main movie threads are about settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner is evidently Edinburgh, but the film made in Ireland, Germany and France is "Highlandised" this setting, which makes it impossible to preserve the names of places like Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry. Costumes are also a real pot, from 1780 to the period in which it is set. Although it would not be unlikely, if more of the lower characters "did", it seems strange that wealthy ladies, such as heroines, wear dresses from the 1880s. Apparently, the decision on the costumes was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually much more attractive and elegant than Regency fashion and operate in an idealized film world. As a whole, "St. Ives is 90 minutes of pure pleasure.
