Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut his teeth in the French cinema with a series of great thrillers, including "la Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979). "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau invented and made his work during this career. They had great photos, painstaking scenarios and sophisticated direction designed for the sake of efficiency. <br /> <br /> The police superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a police officer with unconventional methods that usually works alone. He meets a young woman Sylwia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes her lover, ignoring the fact that he has another lover: his superior Ganaya (François Périer). When he learns this, he kills her in a fit of anger. Ferrot must investigate the murder, and all the hints are unrelenting against him ... <br /> <br /> One would think that this kind of stretched history is not exempt from the fault, and sometimes you can see it but the pedantic style of the director Corneau helps to conjure up the stuffy dark atmosphere. The first part of the movie before the night of murder may seem uninteresting, but the key is what happens after this crucial moment. Corneau returns to sober treatment with the rare moments and short performances of secondary, smaller characters that the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the flaws, Corneau and his screenplay Daniel Boulanger wrote a clever story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes expresses his surprise, because Ferrot maintains a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his supervisor knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot has to find solid tricks to muddy the water and thus cleanse himself. Ultimately, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferrot himself. He is a policeman who gradually loses his identity and is at the heart of terrible depersonalization. It is the epitome of the moment in which he throws himself on the face so that the witnesses will not recognize him when he is face to face with them. <br /> <br /> The background of this thriller is Orleans. Corneau camera and helps to inspire this amazing thriller with his devastating charm.
