Why is it called "Mistresses" is a mystery, because it's about four women, three of whom are not lovers? Just wait. Oh, I understand. It's a nasty title, and we all have to sell the goods. The series itself? Tasty. Most of the heroes are hell set to cut off metaphorical pieces. Great fun. It reminds me of the miniseries "LWT barb wire bouquet" from 1976, in which each character and their fathers wielded a machete. <br /> <br /> Siobhan (Orla Brady) is the only true lover and gets into trouble. The husband is sterile. So there is no chance for a child. But at work is Dominic, played by the sexy Adam Rayner, who looks so good that there is no surprise when a heavy lust erupts. It turns out that Dominik has no problems with fertility. I expect his sperm to laugh - probably everyone has a small sword - and now Siobhan is inevitably pregnant this way. Siobhan should do it well and close, and go - it's a miracle. What she actually does is tell her friends: "I must tell my husband." No, you do not. I really do not. Stop. Stop! <br /> <br /> Katie (Sarah Parish) was once a lover because we find out she was having an affair with a married man before the series began. Unreasonably, he is now busy with his son. My father died of cancer, and Katie, who is a doctor, helped him on his journey. So she is an euthanasia doctor, has an affair with two patients and sleeps with her father's son, ignoring recklessly incestuous tones. It will not end well for Katie. <br /> <br /> Jessica is an experimental lesbian. Arranges events and is busy marrying lesbians during the series. He quickly gets into an exciting exchange with one of Alex's fiancés, played by Anna Torv, and the scenario hurries to the lesbian with great haste. However, he is not able to come up with a good way to connect two women in bed, so he makes up a very lame "Do not have a maiden night ?! Well, I can not let you escape this. I will organize one, and guests will be ... I! "Who achieves the result, but is not exactly Winterson. I thought the screenwriters were to make a living. Lazy. Interpretation of her character by Torva is good. Alex treats Jessica as potentially unpalatable, and Alex's body language always points back when he goes forward. Remembering when it's over the wall, it's happily going, and no wonder, because Shelley Conn is so appetizing that such a good percentage of humanity would have the chance. <br /> <br /> What brings us Trudi, who is a widow. Of course there should be ordinary people in the community, but if you want to have an ordinary character, you have to come up with something that you admire in them. It is quite possible to be solid and addictive. However, Trudi in Small looks like one of the characters that Casting stood out in the medieval crowd scene after the director said: "It's funny, not every character would be pretty." More importantly, you can not find anything to admire in it. Nothing. It is turnip in a bowl of apples. Interestingly, he does "sexy" from time to time. I will not forget her appearance in a bright red corset with stockings tucked in the crotch for a long time and for all the wrong reasons. <br /> <br /> Yes, good, deliberate fun all the time. There is enough material here for the second series and I hope they will do one. I trust that they are learning one lesson. Heroes never take off their underwear in bed! After spending hours of unbridled lust, then emerge, still wearing bras, or keep the sheets tightly wrapped around their naughty pieces. After a few episodes, there are no nipples yet and you can ask for a rooster. What is this? Puritanism from the beginning of the 21st century? So the production team, are you listening? Your characters will solve some of their mental problems if they give up and talk. At least they will have more fun in funny scenes, poor things. In a series dominated by being in the bedroom or the desire to stay in the bedroom or staying in the bedroom, it is a bit stupid and you hear a lot that the characters are in underwear. <br /> <br /> Generally. I was going to get 6 points (average end), but the series does one trick that is rare enough. When every episode ends, you always want more, and expect the next episode to be impatient. So I shoot 7.
