Knowing what to expect (generally) from Denzel Washington's performance - quality, integrity, gravity, twisty humor - will prepare you for what you can expect from his directorial debut. Like Bronx's Tale by Robert De Niro, Antwone Fisher presents the moving drama of a young man's life and the effects of key figures in his life. Just like in A Bronx, Tale De Niro played one of these key characters in the main character (the character himself was born to play, but he was too old). Washington plays a similar role in this respect as the father's adviser to the title - the character looks like he should play Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful that Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he was, he would first be deprived of the wonderfully measured and intelligently nuanced performance that he gives as a naval counselor. But what's more important, we will not see a great one, we can only hope that the star will perform, turn away from Derek Luke in the title role. Inevitably, the figure appears as formed in the shape of Washington, but you get the impression that not only because Washington ordered it, but not because Luke tried to copy it, but that Luke is just as powerful and provokes an actor like Washington. It took too long before Washington received the Academy Award, which he deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane, hopefully Luke will not have to wait that long. Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl was also a great piece of the casting. While part of it could have been forgetful support or the standard role of the "girl", Bryant puts it into practice. A tender and intelligent role goes beyond the stereotypes with Bryant living in it, and she makes this part significant and interesting. It also does not hurt that Bryant is probably the most attractive woman you will see on celluloid this year - the smile alone can thaw the coldest heart. The ability to act and look - why this woman is not now created in everything. Providing good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife, Bercie. Speaking more with silence or glance than many Hollywood actresses are able to cope throughout the film, inform the audience about the whole story well before the appearance of any exhibition. When it comes to directing Washington, as I said, this is the equivalent of directing his acting. The story of a man about whom few viewers would find out that it is really interesting is a difficult feat that Washington is achieving with gusto. The film is neither hasty nor glamorous, but never seems slow or boring. It is measured and refined, perfectly balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not disappoint you if you like large, explosive, non-storyline Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate meticulously made works, with excellent performance and a stable direction, this is for you.
