Unlike other commentators who commented on the film's ability to cross the races, I think that this powerful film is a complex and deep story about institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful hand and a critical eye, not giving up on this cinematic endeavor, either to dismember women's bodies, to consolidate inept stereotypes, or to satisfy the expectations of a white gaze. I think that this movie may be a bit too happy in the end; however, it is deeply rooted in African American culture and discourse to the extent that some white viewers can feel themselves in the life of this African American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the marine aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many choices for black men who are / have been in a Fisher situation or similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie expecting "Black film: what is" Black film? "<br /> <br /> Are the stereotypes of pimps, hookers, drug dealers, singles and so forth form the" Black film "" I think Washington as a director recognized that African Americans and other people of color are dealing with human problems, such as abuse and displacement of aggression, just to name a few. These problems - historically and now - have only received light and importance through "Good Will Hunting" and other white films; it is high time that they receive the same recognition and rightness as their white counterparts in the media and beyond. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, in this racist country Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before he gets an Oscar or anything else, they both will have to wait for them to go or play a movie that fixes the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to win an Oscar. say, Denzel deserved the prizes for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before the jive "Workout Day" Oscar. It is not to deny or move aside other great actresses and color actors who are denied their due praise for a brilliant work. However, Hollywood prefers to send a message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable, perpetuating and even rewarding those stereotypes that appear in countless movies such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil," "American Pie "," and even "Gone with the wind. "<br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a great actor and I wish him all the best. All other actresses and actors gave great performances, although I have a problem with Denzel's choice of another straight-haired, light-skinned sistuha. He said everyone should watch this movie. However, it may not be for everyone. Much Luv. 10/10
