This film, based on a true story, comes from the first director and longtime actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances of the last decade, as a black soldier in the Glory civil war and a lawyer in the renowned Philadelphia. Of course, last year he gained a special fame when he won an Academy Award for Best Actor on the training day, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American who won the Best Actor award. I think Denzel wanted to change the pace, so he decided on the director Antwone Fisher, where he also plays. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is a novice on the silver screen, but has guest appearance on such television shows as King of Queens, and he will appear in the upcoming issue of Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a really well made film by Denzel Washington, considering that it was his first director. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in the true story of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher talks about a young Afro-American in a navy who is constantly getting into fights, and after one special fight he is sent to the psychiatrist of Jerome Davenport's navy, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone to deal with his difficult past and learn to go on, finding a mother who had to give him back after birth because she was in prison. What makes this movie good is that it is not too melodramatic. I was expecting something more, like Good Will Hunting, with a lot of cursing, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I did not like Good Will Hunting, or the curses, fights and vulgarity of the film were out of place. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a real story and I do not think Washington would like to sensitize this story for dramatic influence in the film. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see how Antwone fights, he continues and has moments when it seems that the world is approaching him. Finally, during his first session with his psychiatrist, a character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer is "under the rock," an obvious blow to the pressure of Antwone Fisher's soul disappearing. But I had to appreciate the fact that this movie was not sensible for dramatic influence. I think Denzel Washington is showing a real character to show a more realistic story and avoid the typical stereotypes that are common in Hollywood movies, even based on real stories. Another point that I would like to make about Antwone Fisher is acting. First of all, the performances were good in the film, but not great. Sometimes it seems to me that it was obvious that the main characters were the actors, but in general, complaining about the performances in this movie would be ridiculous. One of the actresses I would like to highlight in this film is Viola Davis. She plays mother Antwone, but she does not say two words in the movie at all, but not so much because she appears at the end of the movie, but more so because in shock that her long-lost son, Antwone found her. What I would like to emphasize about her as an actress in the lack of its use. She is basically a character actress, and I did not see her playing really fancy roles. She appeared in Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate and Leopold and in the last two films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the remake of Solaris, Steven Soderberg played a scientist on a doomed space ship circling the planet. In this movie, he confronts George Clooney's character and draws her to tears, which Clooney tells her in a particular scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing her tear in the scene and I think, wow, this woman can work. It was as if you felt the sorrow of the character. In this short shot of her face she expressed herself so much, and I am really sorry for the sadness and trouble of her heroine in the film. I think she has a certain potential as an actress and should be more often used in major roles and not just as a character-driven actress. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as usual, performs a great performance and gives us a great directing debut. Derek Luke is also a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring him a huge critical reputation for the role of a lost man, but I think that his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, in which Lawrence Fishburn also appears. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
