"The time has come when the risk of being in the bud was more painful than the risk of blossoming," says Anais Nin Marcel Proust, "The real journey of discovery is that we do not see new landscapes, but new eyes. "The author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past made it impossible for him to see the world through new eyes. Based on his autobiography Finding Fish, written many years after the events, his story was documented in the film Antwone Fisher, the first directorial effort of Denzel Washington. It is a sincere, though somewhat formal, view of the painful process of moving away from being absorbed in the past to being able to live life in the present time. <br /> <br /> Required for participation in therapeutic sessions after a few outbursts of anger on Painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashbacks when an adolescent Antwone (Derek Luke) talks about his life in sessions with naval psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington) . At first, he does not want to talk, but when it starts, the gates open. After his father was shot by a girl and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, treatment by his adopted mother, Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson), who called him only "nigger" and his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross), was actually much worse than shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local Jesse (Jascha Washington), who later in the film only adds feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to build a movie about psychiatric sessions, but it was successfully performed in Ordinary People and Hunting for Good Will with a much more dramatic interest, but this is due to the dominant performances of Washington and Łukasz, although the attempt to compress the movie is eleven years to several months a bit too easy. Davenport's humanity and warmth, however, allow Fisher to feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend, who is also in the Navy, supports him in his struggle to achieve a breakthrough. <br /> <br /> With the help of Cheryl and the advice of dr. Davenport, Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and start a journey to try and find his mother to complete the past. In Derek Luke's amazing spectacle, there is a longing for acceptance of Antwone, dramatized in the thrilling dream shown at the beginning of the film, in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet filled with people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are all for: find the way home ..." Antwone Fisher not only touches the longing of one young person to find the way home, but he reaches all those who have cried to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
