Screenplay and direction by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was the quintessence of the comedy of the decade. He won the Sir John Gielgud award. He even performed in "I Love the 80's" VH1. It looks as good today as it was after the first release. Arthur is a well-known comedy classic with a drunk millionaire (played with enthusiasm and wit by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated spectacle) who must choose between the woman he loves and the life he's used to. While the basic theme is one big phrase, there is nothing trivial in this nice combination of clever dialogue and a merry farce. Arthur Bach is basically nothing more than a pretentious jerk, but you can not help but like him. Especially when it provides such lines as: "Do not you want me to be me? I know it! "It is also a demarcation from the archetypal hero of the film: unlike most of the rich characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed of being rich. In one scene, the man asks him: "How does it feel to have all this money?", Which he answers: "I feel great." Moore lends such charisma and charm to a character who would otherwise be hated by his audience. And Gielgud is just perfect as an arrogant servant, turning to his master with great condescension, even though his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or particularly special: it just comes naturally. The script - which also brought a nod to the Academy - is saturated with authentic laughter and loud dialogue. This is a kind of movie in which you quote endlessly with a group of poker buddies. He also looks at his heroes with sincere empathy. There are many comedies that try to immerse themselves in the drama, including the death or disease of the main star (including both Grumpy Old Men), but few can take it because we just do not care. When this movie makes a dubious decision about knocking down the butler, it actually works because we really like these people. Why do you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a pleasant pleasure for everyone. At a time when movies are becoming more serious, Arthur reminds us of what it is like to go to the cinema and have fun. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
