I remember trying a few minutes of this movie, I'm very surprised that I did not see it all, from director Steve Gordon, his only film directed before his death due to heart failure. Basically, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner and Academy Award nominee Dudley Moore) is a happy drunk millionaire with everything he could want, a mansion, a valet Hobson (winner of an Oscar and a Golden Globe and BAFTA nominee Sir John Gielgud) and a lot of alcohol. He is to inherit $ 750,000 if he marries the daughter of another millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), a woman he and his family chose, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself in a fall for Queens waitress Linda Marolla (nominated for the Golden Globe Liza Minnelli), which of course threatens the fall, and 3/4 of his family's fortune comes from Stanford's father (Thomas Barbour) and aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald) ). After Hobson's death, Arthur, on the day of the wedding, disagrees with the wishes of the family, but Aunt Martha continues to give Arthur a legacy to live happily ever after with true Linda love. Ted Ross starred as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a bit embarrassed, like a drunk millionaire almost always, Minnelli is nice like the woman he loves, and Gielgud obviously makes a great impression on Oscar as humourous humble sarcastic servant of Moore, a great comedy. He won an Oscar for the best song for "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" (he also won the Golden Globe) (it was 79 for 100 years, 100 songs) and was nominated for the best script, the screenplay written directly on the screen was nominated for the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for film music for Burt Bacharach and won the Golden Globe for the best film - Komedia / musical. Sir John Gielgud was the number 35 of the 50 largest British actors, and the movie was number 53 out of 100, 100 laughter. Very good!
