The year 1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in films. Just like in every genre, some of the finest films of this silent era were made, so were the sounds and - bringing big profits in the box office - set the art of making films for about five years when the film industry was struggling with new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great comedies of a silent era. The film shows that William Haines possesses comic skills that go beyond the usual formula of an unbearable, overly confident guy who turns against him, learns his lesson, and then wins himself, winning a football game, playing polo, etc. This movie is also exhibited for illustrating that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had perfect comical instincts and a sense of time. The film begins as an adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) similar to Beverly Hillbillies and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old south. General Pepper decided that he would let one happy director of a film studio hire his daughter as an actress. In the studio, the Peppers get into Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. He gets a job at Peggy. She is unhappy when she learns that it is a slapstick, but she will persevere. In the end, she is discovered by a large studio, and she and Billy are separated when she begins to take on dramatic roles. Soon a newly discovered fame reached her head, which would soon lose public opinion and win the royal title when she decided to marry her new leader, whom she really does not love, unless fate somehow intervenes. > <br /> One of the things that MGM often does in his films from the late silent era and in early films from the sound age, are feature shots, how the film production in the MGM was made around 1930. Charlie Chaplin is trying to get Peggy's autograph, a lot of MGM players' episodes in this period, including director King Vidor himself, and even an episode of Marion Davies as Peggy, seeing Marion Davies as Marion Davies coming to work on the show. Peggy grins and remembers that she does not care about her. Really a delight from the beginning to the end, is silence, which is definitely worth sacrificing. This is one of the films that I also recommend to introduce people to the art of silent cinema, because it is very accessible.
