This comedy from 1981 continues to shine thanks to the combined efforts of screenwriter / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielguda. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in his forties, died shortly after completing this only feature film. This is a particularly unfortunate loss, because it shows a really clever hand in a farce based on a character that makes the whole movie irresistible. The game almost like a screw comedy from the 30s, renewed for modern tastes. The plot focuses on Arthur Bach, a drunken little playboy millionaire who is threatened with a loss of $ 750 million if he does not marry an inept and boring Susan Johnson, a heiress carefully selected by his old-fashioned father and grandmother. Of course, he does not love her and accidentally runs into Linda Marolla, a waitress from the working class (and of course an aspiring actress) after she unwraps Bergdorf Goodman's tie for her father. <br /> <br /> Standard complications arise, but in the most engaging way, with lots of alcohol driven slapstones made with the classic Moore élan. The fact that he makes such a spoiled character is sympathetic, is due not only to his comic talents, but also to the pugnacious, acidic tone of Gielguda as Hobson, the devoted but real butler of Arthur. This is the kind of role that he could play in a dream, but Gielgud makes Hobson such an unforgettable figure that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection in the proceedings. Probably in her most-liked role in the film, Liza Minnelli gives the picture to her male stars, toning her usual, dazzling personality and making Linda quite authentic in motivation. <br /> <br /> LA Preliminary Law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan right on the passive, aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's dad in" Seinfeld ") steals all of his scenes as the messy father of Linda Ralph. The only fly in the ointment is the veteran Geraldine Fitzgerald, who exaggerates with grandma's eccentricity. And I must admit that I still can not stand the very outdated, overcrowded song of Christopher Cross, who inevitably won an Oscar for the best song of the year. Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, Which definitely requires remastering, has no additions worthy of note except for some photos and production notes.
