I saw Marion Davies in several movies and I really could not understand her appeal. She could not dance with peanuts, she did not try to sing and as for her acting - she seemed to be in a trance. But I have not seen her silent comedies and this movie is wonderful. Instead of joking about my own image, as suggested here, it seems to me that the satire Gloria Swanson, which began with slapstick comedies, went on very emotional pictures of women and ended up marrying the count. Marion, a top imitator, he also made a funny imitation of rabbits, whenever she wanted to be seen as wonderful, it was Gloria Swanson on the spot !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) from the beginning motivated Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter Peggy (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star in history. Their hope diminishes and they reach the last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines), who works in slapstick studios and promises to get Peggy's job. Peggy thinks she will be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she is a fantastic comic. They convince her to make a film, and the preview is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for an autograph but does not recognize him and treats him brutally. "Who was this little little guy" - when he learns that he faints !!! Peggy and Billy are calling from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and suddenly he is on his way. There is a funny scene in which he sees a star with little thought - this is Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> In the end, she has a chance to become a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! This is a hilarious scene, because the director tries everything to cry her, and when he succeeds, he can not stop !!! Her new leader, Andre (Paul Ralli), convinces her to forget her comedy and become elitist and sophisticated - she even took her new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! It seems that she forgot about Billy and her father - she developed the personality of "GWIAZDKOWA" !!! When the slapstick studio chooses the same place as "Patricia", Billy is excited to see her, but quite unprepared for her snobbish attitude. When he calls him a cheap clown, he realizes that he is not a girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After lunch in the studio (a wonderful crop of the biggest stars of the day) "Patricia" the boss calls. It seems that her films are a flop and no theaters want to reserve them - the public is tired of their manners and wants old Peggy back. She and Andre decide to get married, dreaming about being a countess (although Billy says that Andre used to serve him spaghetti in a small cafe in the center and he is no longer count more than he does). On the day of the wedding Billy visits and after a funny fight with cream cake, she realizes that Billy is the only one for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the stars - John Gilbert is seen by MGM gates, Lew Cody is talking to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It", but also several racist romances that originated in the MGM films. William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially in the cafeteria scene he had a wonderful comic time. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as a comedy director - in this movie there were so many funny scenes, and Marion was at the top of all - I give this film 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Highly, highly recommended.
