Last week I had the pleasure to watch "The Big Bad Swim" at the New London Film Festival. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream movies from last year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was selected for the show at this festival for the simple reason that it was filmed locally near East Connecticut. However, when subtitles started to appear, I could only think about how good "The Big Bad Swim" was compared to the others presented during the festival. She was definitely at the top of my list, then "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed The Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> "The Big Bad Swim" is an engaging, truthful and often humorous look at several students of adult training classes and their nice but restless instructor who has a depth that I have not seen on the screen for a long time . Interlacing character development and plot lines drawn from something as absurd as swimming lessons for adults work in a subtle and engaging way that I found refreshing. The conspiracy will not pierce your head; rather, it is built and grows organically at a pace that was in place. I have never been bored. I have never crouched. I never left the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". Acting in a group of relatively unknown actors was credible, and their dialogue never seemed awkward or contrived. Of course, this is not a multimillion production, but the pictures from the cameras were not all inspirational and clear, but adequate and well done for the budget. The lighting and film technique for the scenes shot at the strip club was particularly interesting because of the more realistic approach than the similar thematic scene found in "Closer". I also found that the photos shot from underneath below the waistline seemed to be just as much a portrait of a character as a shot from the shoulders to the top. <br /> <br /> I'm sure it's been repeated for many years in the independent film industry, but I have to say: if "The Big Bad Swim" is not chosen for distribution, I would be very disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" should be seen. If you have a chance to see this movie, SEE! Disappointment is impossible!
