Sunday, July 16, at 20:00 The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a southern colonel, your makeup is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> The Hollywood gossip has been able to hang more than the little mud towards Marion Davies through patch. It is speculated that she had the fame given to her and she was undeserved. Given the ridiculous drama that has often been pushed into, this criticism seems to have some validity. However, as a comedy star her star shone very brightly. Left to pursue her career in light comedy and slapstick, she could compete with Mabel Normand. One of her better performances was King Vidor's Show People (1928), who survived and is so well known because MGM filled him with stars. This happy coincidence accidentally saved what is certainly one of the best works of his two stars, Davies and the famous clever cracker Joe College, William Haines. Rumor has it Show People was loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, which began in the comedies of Sennett and achieved a great drama (And do not think she did not spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy lessons used in this movie are original songs that Keystone abandoned a year earlier (Think about who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) leads his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to play in the movies. These two country hicks are unsuspecting food for the wrong Billy Boone (Haines), an artist from cream cake? who goes to his stool in a scandalously funny entrance (watch out for a piece of noodles), and then helps Peggy to land on his next photo. What she thinks is dramatic, but work is a job, and Billy convinces her "... all the stars have to take her on the chin?" In the preview, Billy and Peggy run into ... Charlie Chaplin, who asks for an autograph! He pushes the little companion aside and, horrified, Billy grabs the book and gives her a sign. Chaplin climbs in his car, and Billy says Peggy, who just ignored her, so she faints, of course. It's very funny, considering that Davies's character should not recognize this guy! Peggy soon goes to work at High Art Studios, changes his name to "Patricia Pepoire" and leaves poor Billy. Davies makes a wonderful delivery of a serious actress, with all the required fluttering eyelashes and trembling lips. Vidor throws a star in the parade of lunch-eaters (and everyone is sitting side by side facing the camera!), Including Polly Moran (Who's also sensational, playing Davies's maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, comedic duet of Karl Dane (with arm in sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal cutlery), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antics), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in robe) Gilbert (who also appears when passing through the MGM gates at the beginning of the picture), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (looking bizarre and as usual off the beaten track) and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, wedged between Douglas Fairbanks (as he does a fun trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy falls into the High Art team on the spot when the comedic team disturbs their filming, with predictably nutty results. Vidor even works in the last scene as the director of Peggy's current production. It is also worth mentioning Harry Gribbon as a comedic director who makes a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director who can not force Peggy to cry for the screen test, and then he can not stop her when she does, and Paul Ralli like Andre, her dramatic interest in love and a funny trick. When her character tries to "act," Davies jokes about all the horrible dramas she's been forced to do, and she does it perfectly. <br /> <br /> Although it's true, Show People is a hokey satire. Ten years of "good days ole" remains a very funny example of the quality of the work of MGM, Irving Thalberg and their enormous wealth of accumulated talents. It is a pity that so much was lost. There are too many examples of great movies, such as The Patsy (1928), a very successful comedy by Vidor and Davies from the same year, which are immersed in the vaults when you can see and enjoy them.
