I had the opportunity to see this film twice at the Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I liked it so much that I watched it a second time when they had an encore show. <br /> <br /> When I think about films that are shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be sharp and unusual, often with a sense of a complex student project. Of course, there is nothing wrong with this type of projects and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more mainstream approach to independent film making. By "mainstream" I mean more film produced for the needs of the national edition - in other words, a film that can be seen in ordinary cinema. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting in this film are completely pro. In this film there is nothing typically independent. As a beginner director, I am always looking for films that will motivate me to stop procrastination and push harder for my career to start. This is one of those movies. When I watched The Big Bad Swim, my level of motivation was amazing. I felt that my adrenaline started. The reason I felt so was that I was impressed by every aspect of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to write this long deposition project. When a movie makes me feel that way, I know it's really good. This is the first full-length Ishai Setton project. I regret that it was not my project. It's really rare for me. <br /> <br /> See this movie. It's beautifully filmed and filmed, and the casting is perfect. Paget Brewster provides very reliable and nice performance. It has something of itself, a charisma that really attracts you and makes you focus on it anytime you're on the screen. It makes you feel that you know her personally as a friend. It's a gift. I think the industry really misses, not using its acting abilities more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also took top positions. I can not say enough nice things about The Big Bad Swim. I am looking forward to the future projects of all those involved in its production.
