For the last 2-3 years I have not been a big fan of Star Trek. Thanks to the emergence of the distribution of Netflix and post 2000 video technologies, I am able to enter the past of all the great episodes of Star Trek. For those who do not really watch each episode and know it by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., Universal consensus will say "I like The Next Generation" best. This is because Captain Picard and his crew were new when they first appeared after Star Trek's decades of starvation. But to be honest, I appreciate the creativity of Voyager episodes more than TNG. Voyager episodes also progress over time, unlike TNG. Granted TNG data is great, but eventually they get older, but Voyager doctor - now it's creativity! Instead of making the artificial intelligence uncomfortable and violent, give it the freedom to express itself above anything you have imagined. Picardo is not only such a great actor, but the premise for his expansive self-development, as a doctor, self-realization now, which is science fiction at its best! Endgame presents him as a husband married to the "organic" inventor of the transceiver-neuro-implant to the human-machine interface, and even - in the episode before the Endgame, disobedience to the captain's order and committing "human" errors. Unlike DS9, which are blessed with 2 beautiful women from the first episode, Voyager has to survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I believe that it is Picardo who carries them with his personality. Of course, the rest of Voyager's casting chemistry simply flows effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - very natural. I love the occasional humor of Tuvoc, even though I am a volcano. In the end, I'm glad they got rid of the original captain - oh, if you watch rare material - thank God for Kate! For seven years, she has developed into an extremely confident, credible and respected female captain. What a GREAT job! Thank you Star Trek for making Voyager, I'm happy about every episode, creative exploration of possibilities, morality and cosmic space.
