In the last few months, I've collected Voyager seasons from 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1-3 on video before because Kes is my favorite character) and I just got to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in Great Britain, but they forgot about the majority. Am I satisfied with the ending? I think I am. Naturally, as a fan, I would like to see more about what happened to the heroes when they returned home, but that was left to our imagination. In many respects, "Endgame" is similar to "All Good Things ??" Next Gen. Involvement of the crew into the future, but mainly the captain. A new romance that begins in the final (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which will result in death in the future. I really loved "Endgame", fair to all characters, Neelix appears, although he left the ship two episodes before. B'elanna gives birth to a daughter with a loving husband Tom. Tuvok is sick, but going home means he can be cured. Harry was always the most restless and determined, but he admits that the trip is important. The doctor in the future is respected by everyone and finally chooses the name Joe! But of course, the captain plays the biggest role, meeting his future self who wants to take the crew home early to prevent the victims. Borg are involved in this because they played a huge role in this period of the Voyager. Alice Krige fantastically plays Queen Borg again, her voice and the way the games are great. However, I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson, Queen Borg TV replaced by Queen Borg. Maybe it was not available. The special effects are fantastic, the subspace Borg hub and the Borg queen are falling apart! It's very tense. Especially when they step out of the Borg subspace corridor and say their location is exactly where they thought they would be after they said they would have to walk down the corridor that leads back to the quadrant quadrant. What a great idea to get into the Borg sphere for protection, on special DVD functions, say it was like a Trojan horse. Voyager could continue. If it were more popular, they would get stuck in their original idea that the crew are aware that the ship is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said, because his wife and child are there. And then they could come home in the movie! <br /> <br /> In general, Voyager was a bit misguided. The sixth season seemed to be one good and then one less than good. The two episodes taking place in the Irish village of Holographic are awful! My perception of the Seven of Nine was that she took over, everything revolved around her, which was not true. When it first appeared, season 4 focused on it for too many episodes, but then it leveled out. And her character is sometimes brilliant, 20 years as a drone Borg gradually reveals her humanity. I like it, especially in "Someone to Watch Over Me", "Imperfection" and "Human Error". When Naomi Wildman initially feared her, and then often became her friend at her side, it was cute. Chakotay became my least favorite character. There was no chemistry with Janeway (are they / will not?) And you would never have thought that he was the first officer, most of the time he is completely pushed aside. I loved seeing Tom and B'elanna's relationship blossoming against adversity. I have always liked Neelix very much. Tuvok was good at times, especially when he lost his logic, got emotions and was friends with Neelix. Harry sometimes got nervous, but other times he was fine. The doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far he comes and creates comedic situations ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain of any series and you can say that Kate Mulgrew really enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I would like more, I love Voyager!
