Every year there is at least one film that has no chance of success in the box office, because from the moment of production, before shooting one simple shot, everyone chooses this film ... There is a long list of this kind of films, and finally some are really bad ( Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws, but they are quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)), and then there are a few that are really great at what they are, but no one's up to it admits! I mean, my God, just because a wide crowd must have a sacrifice every year that they can go, not everyone has to join them. So yes, maybe these movies are not perfect, but how many movies? Not every movie is supposed to be the new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will like these movies, but I bet there are more than they admit. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is simply hysterically funny, Color of Night (1994), who may not deserve an Oscar, but he is definitely not a stupid thriller with cool twists, Swept Away (2002), which I thought was a great combination of a sick person humor and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), who was great entertainment with a few really unforgettable lines and did not work well with the old "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year it is "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard rumors about the sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical, and although I really love Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I saw the movie. And I was really positively surprised! I can not understand why he gets such bad press and bad voting here. It never just copies the original, it has a pretty clever story, it has tension, action, humor and an absolutely stunning Sharon Stone, which restores the role of her life! Being 47 years old when filming, she looks hotter than many stars in her twenties, but it's more than being beautiful, she's well-preserved, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she talks and moves ... from the very beginning the first cage he is in can not take his eyes off her. It's simply a pleasure to watch her as Catherine Tramell, and all other actors provide solid performances! So I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a dark, thrilling, sexy and rough look, strong performances, and you never feel bored! Maybe history is not an Oscar caliber, but it never even tries to be! It's an entertainment film and according to this standard it absolutely ensures it in my opinion! So, try it!
