After all, after years of waiting for a new movie to continue the sexual chaos of the "Basic Instinct", we've received a great follow-up that is filled with the right elements for a franchise like this one! I remember everything about the original, couple, romance, sex, interrogation, music (master Jerry Goldsmith) and about everything else, from violence and murder, to intense confrontations of all kinds! Make no mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for the public around the world. I remember how in 2001 for the first time we received information about such a continuation. Five years later, we have it. I would never have thought it. When it was announced that the project had been withdrawn, the time was certainly not able to tell if it was a real opportunity. Well, now we know that everything is possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer is not present, all we need is an effective, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a ready offer! Please, listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this movie is bad, I think it's just because the style is extreme and a bit outdated. I use the word "outdated" only because we have not seen a similar movie for many years, and the audience has adapted to the senseless, boring story seen in other movies that actually earn money, and the only reason why large numbers make such films is because that these films are family-friendly. Who needs a hole and cleans? Of course, it's nice, but give me a break! Escapism is now very rare, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real fans what we expected. This film is not an Oscar winner or does not try to be. It simply provides ardent fans with what they expected. It's a movie for fun. Today, movies seem to be taking too seriously, but this movie is simply loose and fun, without taking it seriously, not so seriously. I will say that I am evaluating this film. <br /> <br /> The movie is a fast movie from the first second when we see Catherine Tremell in a car over 110 MPH - and enjoying that desire. Perhaps sex and driving are not mixed up because our sexy novelist has a bad turn and ... well, she has not suffered, but her partner is not doing well. Once again, Tremell is the main suspect in the accident and will be subjected to analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically attracted to her from the first moment he meets her. Like other investigators in front of him, he is charmed and seduced, slowly and surely. His denial all starts to fall apart around him as she spins a spell only she has the power to do it. Tramell is probably more dangerous than before, but as with the first, we'll never know, right? When seduction is in motion, there is jealousy, rage, drugs and a plate of erotic scenery! <br /> <br /> This movie does not process the first one, but from time to time it mentions previous movies. . It's something good. It allows us as the audience to know that the script was written to raise the level by one or two degrees. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, as if 14 years have passed. Her second run of the lying novelist is in place, as before. Just amazing! David Morrissey is well manned and he's doing quite well. The fact that an unpopular star was chosen makes his performance all the more pleasant because we, as the audience, have no backstage, only what we see that performs. My last thought - 8.5 to 9 out of 10. This is not the first, nor can it meet the winning of the first place. However, it can meet the standards set by the first film and people do it! It does.
