"Wisecracker", the biography of actor William Haines, offers a satisfying anecdote about the former star when he was 70 and left the production of films. The old gent was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972 he was convinced to take part in the SHOW PEOPLE show in Los Angeles, in which he starred with Marion Davies. Earlier, Haines was afraid that this comedy would cause a bad laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and undoubtedly he felt relieved) how well he was holding and how young the audience was really happy. Watch the movie today and you'll see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful Hollywood satire that keeps its charm, because it blinds your goals with wit and talent, but without malice. He is still funny, and his satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, the technology of filming has changed significantly since quiet days, but the claims and madness of the filmmakers themselves have not changed so much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also the best surviving work of Marion Davies, a first-class comic artist who deserves an important place in the pantheon of great comedies. Wherever her career was concerned, Davies was both blessed and cursed by the patron of her lover, press magnate William Randolph Hearst. It is known that Hearst had a huge impact on the choice of Davies' roles, and he knew well that despite his talent for comedy, he preferred to see her play in distinguished heroines in costume dramas from the era. At the end of the 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion received permission to perform in several elemental light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, led by the great King Vidor, is her most enjoyable showcase. William Haines gives a captivating, sympathetic performance as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the lead lady's show all the time. <br /> <br /> Marion plays Southern Belle Peggy Pepper, the aspiring actress who assaults Hollywood is accompanied by her father, determined to become a movie star. (Her dad Colonel Pepper plays actor / director Dell Henderson, veteran drama Griffith Biograph, who accidentally resembled Hearst!) One of the funniest parts of Marion, often fragmented elsewhere, is her interrogation at the Comet Studio casting office. While Dad is eager to suggest emotions to the show ("Sorrow! ... Joy!") And he drops his handkerchief, Peggy takes the right expression and attitude. She's only employed to discover that Comet creates low-front comedies, a kind of comedy in which people fall into a seltzer and clumsy cops falling over, racing to the rescue. Of course, Comet is conceived as the start of Keystone Mack Sennett, but the true nature of satire becomes clear as history unfolds. When Peggy Pepper gets up in the hierarchy of movie stars, he leaves Comet in a more prestigious High Art Studio, taking the name "Patricia Peppoire" as more suitable for his new station in life as a serious actress. At some point, it may happen to us (as it probably did in 1928) that Davies' rival Gloria Swanson began appearing in Keystone's comedies before becoming famous in serious dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And since Miss Peppoire treats herself more and more seriously, giving treatment to old colleagues, such as the modest comic Billy Boone, Davies' performance takes on an element of wicked parody, directed straight at Swanson itself. This is particularly noticeable during the sequence of interviews, when Miss Peppoire's spokesperson pronounces pretentious nonsense, while the star provides spotting impersonation for Swanson. I suppose it was supposed to be a friendly trick, but I have to think about how friendly relations Gloria and Marion had after publishing this film. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious feast for enthusiasts, who will be delighted with the parade of stellar scenes throughout the text. Charlie Chaplin brings a nice piece, without make-up and looks quite refined, eagerly looking for the autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And in the show of good sports competition, Marion Davies mocks herself, in the evening playing in Swanson, making fun of herself.) This is a silent cinema that will be appreciated by viewers who are not especially reserved for silence, at least those viewers who like films about the industry film. SHOW PEOPLE certainly belongs to such classics as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most professionally produced Hollywood, pleasant exercises in amused self-control.
