As a child, I always hated forcing to sit in musicals. I never understood why people were getting out so much, and I was too young to appreciate the artistry (choreography, set design, costumes, pace) for all this. "Oliver!" Carol Reed It was the only musical I remember as a child, probably because it is one of the darker and is properly soaked in the spirit of Dickens misery. This is a musical about life in the ghetto in Victorian London, and although the scenery and stage designs are stark, dark and consistent with this lifestyle, it is strange that people start to fall apart in such absurd songs amidst their misery. After the last watch, my first since childhood, I have some new thoughts and explanations, why this musical "works" in this bizarre breaking up on the type of song and why most simply does not do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it's because they are aware of their innate strangeness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark" was as tragic and operatic as he did, and over what he achieved, he acted as a musical because the musical numbers were the product of the imagination of the main character, an obsessive obsessive about Hollywood musicals. Similarly, the very cynical and pleasant "Chicago" acted at a similar level, because the music numbers were the products of the killer ingenue of the singer / dancer. Music does not work when they treat their music and nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or they are simply too fluffy (eg Something aimless like "Mary Poppins"). After seeing "Oliver" for the first time as an adult, I saw it in a new light. Speaking mainly from the point of view of young Oliver, I saw musical numbers as the products of his child's imagination and the way of dealing with the horrors of life in the ghetto around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy told everyone in the tavern to sign and dance about the joy of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably catchy and sounded like a real pub melody that drunks could sing at the piano. There are other great and classic melodies here, and the direction and acting from the leading to the dancing accessories are at the highest level. <br /> <br /> After all, despite his grimness (although he is lucky) at least for Oliver, though things certainly did not end up happily for Nancy, and if you do not think that life on the street as pocket money is fun, no it was necessarily a good ending for Fagin or Dodger, despite their fucking closing melody) I would not really classify it as a family movie, although I do not think that showing it to children over seven or eight years has caused any harm. This is a harsh tale of an unfortunate orphan who tries to survive on the streets and find some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update of how the revisionist might be doing where people on the streets of Compton break into happy songs about their terrible lives. I would like to see a funky hip-hop version of "Oliver". I always thought that Dickens would translate it well. In his current form, "Oliver!" Was probably the last of the big movie musicals and maybe the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
