Big cinema musicals were created between 1950 and 1970. This twenty years of spells can rightly be called the "Golden Age" of the genre. Before that there were musicals, and since ... there were musicals, but the real classic seems to have always been created in this period. Singin 'In The Rain, American in Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, King and I, and many more, stand high on the many cherished products of the era. Perhaps the last great musical of the "Golden Age" is "Oliver" Carol Reed from 1968. This live musical is an adaptation of Dickens' novel and is a film version of a successful stage production. This is a great film, winner of six Oscars, including the prize for the best picture. <br /> <br /> Orphaned Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in a pitiful life at home, and his mother died a few moments after he was born. After the incident during the meal, he is thrown out of work and is employed in a funeral parlor. But Oliver does not do his job particularly well and runs away after a few hard days. He goes on a long trip to London, where he hopes to get a fortune. Oliver is taken under the wings of a children's pickpocket called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an older fraudster responsible for the gang of child thieves. Despite the unlawful nature of work, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also meets Nancy (Shani Wallis), the girl of the cruelest and most terrifying thief of all of them, the menacing Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true origins and discovers that he comes from a rich and prosperous environment. However, his chances of reuniting with a real family are at risk when Bill Sikes uses Oliver forcefully, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious assaults. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a perfectly assembled film, invariably pleasing to the eye and its talented cast has been well preserved. Moody recreates his stage role with considerable verve, stealing the film from the youth with his energetic performance as Fagin. Lester and Wild are doing well as young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically develops the role of Nancy, and Reed generates real desperation as Sikes. Music numbers are staged with incredible precision and sense of the show - Oscar-winning Onna White's choreography makes song and dance songs so memorable, but the live performers and skillful direction of Carol Reed also play their part. Unforgettable melodies are "Food Glorious Food", "Consider Yourself", "You have a Pocket or Two", "I'm Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all extremely catchy songs, transmitted by very well connected sequences. The film is a totally funny experience and never loses momentum for the entire duration of 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
