Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was a fun, solid piece of popcorn with a budget so small that it can not be mastered by special effects. And of course the search for audience from "From Dusk Till Dawn". "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same thing, starting from the rock star, Jon Bon Jovi, who plays one of the main characters, but he does it too well ...: I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other film, so I'm not in able to compare his acting in "Vampires: Los Muertos" to other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the film started, he convinced me that I do not expect him to catch any guitar and play "This" my life "or something, but he will kill vampires, show no mercy and do the work to do. That means a lot, because some of the audience (also me) probably thought: "... just because he is a rock star ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been much worse, and in my opinion Bon Jovi made a very good performance. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the leather machine of the vampire leader killer we met in Part 1 (or in a similar way in the "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductively and very sexy, moving as gossipily as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and wearing a thin, light, almost transparent, very erotic fabric. Even the optical effects supporting her movement are very well made. It really needs beating. But the director is in some parts of the movie just to avoid transforming a horror movie into a sensitive horrorm, such as Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's temptation to create a film with a VERY personal note and other than the original. This is the true power of the film, and at the same time its weakest point: the audience celebrating the fun bath in the first movie is probably expecting a clean, fun blood bath for the second time and can be a bit disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is great fun, but it is not ALL THE TIME of this kind of movie. Just think about the massacre in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampire tries to seduce Zoey in the ruins: the massacre in the bar is what you can expect from American popcorn entertainment, the tempting scenes in the ruins are ALMOST European cinema (the movie will gladly tell you about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but at the same time refuses to answer because it would slow down the action? It showed the audience a vampire with a human past, now a suffering being, and not just a beast who only kills anyone. And this is a point for me, which decides whether the film will be accepted by the audience of the original film or not. And also: is "From Dusk Till Dawn" really like it? I'm not sure about that. Nevertheless, Tommy Lee Wallace did a really great job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think that filming the continuation of Wallace's popcorn film is sometimes too creative, too expressive. As if he refrained from developing his talent to satisfy the audience's expectations. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the movie with life and can sometimes suck it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" are almost too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
