In the first three films of Frank Sinatra he was only a special act: he apparently played alone, he just appears to humming a song during the sequence of a nightclub in someone's film. In her fourth film, the very nice "Higher and Higher", Young Blue Eyes turns into an acting career, playing a real role ... the task has become easier because playing in a fictitious story that gives him the chance to exclaim a few numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is quite funny. Michele Morgan hears a knock on the door and asks who is there. From the outside, "Hoboken" corresponds to "Frank Sinatra". Indeed ... <br /> <br /> The first songs of "Higher and Higher" can confuse some viewers, because the names of the authors of Rodgers and Hart's songs are clearly visible. In fact, they added only one song to this musical: "Disgustingly Rich", which casts this cast as a kind of introduction to the completely different song "I'm a Debutante". Interestingly, Rodgers and Hart's song - one of their weakest - is probably the least pleasant song in the song's score; a few others are vivid, dynamic numbers, in particular "This is the most important thing", "When it comes to love, you are alone" and "I Saw You First". <br /> <br /> Sinatra is good in this movie, but he'd better work (and sing better material) somewhere else. The real advantages of "Higher and Higher" are the charming bends of some performers who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular dance band for husband and wife, who appeared on several Broadway shows: truly graceful ballet dancers, they put a lot of physical comedy into their dance material. (Here Grace makes a kick that breaks the shoe off Paul's hands.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, hardly ever worked in the movie, so it's a real pleasure that this movie gives us a rare chance to see her close up to hear her beautiful voice of singing and notice how sexy she looks in a maid's uniform. After the death of Grace Hartman, her husband had a long career as a character actor, occasionally dancing solo. (Or alongside Ken Berry in one memorable episode of "Mayberry RFD.") <br /> <br /> Also, the attractive maid costume in "Higher and Higher" is a live teenager, Marcy McGuire. Why did not this talented girl make more movies? Perhaps she was a bit too like personality to Betty Hutton. I like Hutton performances, but I like Marcy McGuire even better. At the end of "Higher and Higher" there is a fun physical game in which McGuire and Mary Wickes play as waitresses, moving from table to table in a nightclub. Alternating steps of short McGuire and high wickes are fun! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays a large role in "Higher and Higher", there is almost no comedic interest: he never once does the famous dance with rubber legs. Jack Haley, despite his significant bills, is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, irrevocably remembered as Sam from "Casablanca". In this film, Wilson made his own singing, but faked his keyboard performance "As Time Goes By." (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano). Here in "Higher and Higher" he sings pleasantly and gives fun reactions to other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare film performance here, cleverly dealing with dialogue, but he never makes any key comedy, which he later successfully did on his stage shows. <br /> <br /> The plot? Forget about it. "Higher and Higher" is not the idea of ​​a "big" musical, but it's a nice pleasure, and I'll rate it at 8 out of 10. The director Tim Whelan, who worked in the UK and Hollywood, deserves a lot better known.
