I imagine that Victorian literature slowly sinks into the mud of an increasingly distant past, burdened with the weight of the skirts. With the advent of television: at best, it has the power of redemption, and thanks to dramatizations such as those that the BBC produce so beautifully, Victorian literature takes on a new life. Religious themes, moral overtones, can be more and more restless in a world that is no longer easily shocked, and familiar with cohabitation, affairs and domestic violence. But these old, well-told stories have lasting power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> It is difficult today to assess how strong, feminist and unusual masterpiece Ann Bronte - "Tenant of Wildfell Hall" actually was. Emerges from the original slime of restrictive corsets? carnal, mental, social? its heroine, Helen Huntingdon, eludes an unhappy marriage, escapes from brutality and alcoholism, fights not only with abusive fury of her husband, but also surprised by the intolerance and malicious gossip of society to change life. She pays the price; but it retains respect for itself; falls in love along the way; emerges battered but victorious and strong. I just love watching such women on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are great? the best Britons have to offer. The love story is beautifully supported, with real passion and feeling by well-chosen actors. Tara Fitzgerald lives in every aspect of the complicated heroine, and as other reviewers have said here, no less severely defined and beautiful face could survive this petrified hairstyle. Toby Stephens, striking her sparks, is the right combination of stubborn, handsome youth and passionate, longing sensibility. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors in history) likes to be a charismatic villain (so much so that you're almost at the end of it. No one is perfect). The supporting cast skillfully creates a world in which you sink without feeling that neat compromises have been made for modern tastes and without feeling that you are preaching. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: this is the way to document romantic literature.
