"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly appeal to many fans of the genre simply because it is so simple and unscrupulous! It has many real shock moments, a lot of loathsome gore sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What you do not have is logic and a solid plot, but to tell you the truth, it did not bother me for a second. When the final credits start to appear, there are still many unanswered questions to consider, but the director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) apparently preferred to fully focus on the tension and adrenaline instead of long, sleepy speeches and theories, which could explain the existence of "creeping" in the London subway. The story revolves around the young and lofty Kate, who leaves her own party to meet with the famous actor George Clooney, who is in the city to present his new movie. He falls asleep in the subway, he passes the last train and is in an underground subway network. Things really get scary when it encounters a crazy madman who lives in old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewage workers can not save her from this hungry monster! I really dug a crawling character! It is nauseous, hideous and primitive, but in a strange way fascinating. Christopher Smith leaves us only tips and hints, and only the spectator depends on guessing the origin and background of this wicked creature. I think it's not very original and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better than crossing the border of the Jeepers Creepers style (this particular movie also started great, but as soon as Creeper's identity became clear, it turned into a very average horror, the obvious aspect of love is scandalous blood, this film has a heavy slaughter, and the makeup and sound effects are very convincing.The sinister surroundings of the abandoned London subway at night are effectively used The film also features acting talent, in which Frank Potent (Run Lola Run) returns to the graphic horror almost five years after the cool German movie "Anatomie." Creep is a great pastime when you are in a low-spirited mood, and Christopher Smith is definitely the director which I will keep an eye on. Make sure you do not have to get in to the subway right after watching this movie ...
