Emory is a steel worker in Cincinnati, like his father, and for most of the twentieth century, the twin pillar of his family's existence was a steelworks and a union. The mill, which once had 45,000 employees, has recently seen a decline to 5000, and now 1, because the plant closed its doors, leaving one bodyguard. Initially, the newly unemployed Emory and his friends enjoy independence, spend time in the city and play at their favorite bar, where they drop "deep charges" with reckless abandonment. They believe that the mill will resume operations after listening to the optimistic conspiracy of their trade union, but the reality begins to collapse when they discover that they are selling their personal vehicles in the fight to put food on the table and refraining from excluding their homes. Emory's father - a devoted man - is certain that the plant will open again and remind the son of all short-lived locks during his 35-year stay at the mill. Meanwhile, some unemployed men take degrading jobs at work or get into trucks and start in a desperate job search. <br /> <br /> In the end, the relationship admits its helplessness, as Emory explains to her stubborn father, that times have changed and that the mill will never open again. Emory, with tears in her eyes, asks, "What have I done wrong?" As a life of hard work and dedication for work, relationship, church and family, he had nothing left and nowhere to turn. He hits the bottom when in drunken rage he moves his young sons and knocks his wife to the floor. Thrown out of his own home and demanded from the plant manager's comments that he and his people have not worked hard enough to justify their considerable payouts, Emory recruits steel workers who have stayed in the city to do something that will show everyone who they are capable of . Early in the morning, they break into the mill, light up the furnaces and work harder than ever in their life, producing high-quality steel pipes for filling the docks from wall to wall, from top to bottom, something the plant manager thought impossible. <br /> <br /> After coming back to the suddenly open plant, the stunned manager looks around with a huge yield that came from one working day, realizing that such production can make the plant profitable again. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks: "So what did you try to prove?" Emory explains that decades of hard work, honesty and dedication to work have meaning and by showing how much they can produce in one day, "We just spit in your eyes." Emory says goodbye to her wife and children with tears in her eyes when she sets out with her friends to look for jobs in the south, promising to move the family when she finds her. <br /> <br /> It is a powerful and honest treatment of the difficult situation of American employees displaced by foreign competition and gives a realistic picture of the costs they incur for the short-sightedness of concession associations and greedy plant owners who extracted every penny they could from their factories but never gave back, modernizing them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his brother from college, Pamela Reed as nice wife of Emory and John Doucette as his dying father, turn to great performances in this wonderful painting.
