Ah, McBain ?? The name of the character is immortal and forever ridiculed by "The Simpsons", but it will always be too? for me personally, at least ?? to remain the name and the title of an extremely funny and outrageous rapid movement in the early 90s; directed by a cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and in which the two most hated movie heroes B, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a charming macho pony) performed. I think that "McBain" will have to be found guilty of pleasure, because there is no way to convince anyone that this is an intellectual film. The film is unimaginably ridiculous (most of the action heroes take a small gangster, McBain takes over the whole country), and yet he treats himself too seriously. The script is an endless and incoherent spitfire of clichéd situations, nonsensical twists of action, obligatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely staged sequences of actions and totally unlikely drawings of characters. This is a completely delirious movie; I love it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam McBain's life was saved by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them holds half a dollar as a symbol that McBain is in debt to Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is a thrilling rebel who is leading a revolution against the corrupt president of his native Colombia. Santos' initial attempt to seize power fails and is publicly executed on El Presidente's balcony. His sister travels to New York with a dollar bill and asks McBain for financial help and labor. McBain and his former buddies from Vietnam, who accidentally have enough injustice in this world, charter a pitiful little plane and fly to Columbia to open a giant can of assholes. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not kid yourself here. The fact that you are reading the commentary of the user "McBain" already indicates that you are interested in the low-budget action of film B. One of my fellow reviewers spent some time creating a list containing all the main stupidities and insensitive moments of "McBain". This list is completely accurate and I can agree with it. Hell, I could even add a few pointless sequences to this list (like the absurd and unnecessary heroic dedication of a soldier who does not even have relationship with the mission and the rest of the McBain team), but what is the point? You definitely should not expect a 100% consistent and reliable masterpiece. We already know that it will be a stupid and exaggerated extravagant movie, and maybe even the exact reason why we want to check it out! It is an extremely outrageous and exciting film about a group of former buddies from Vietnam who turn into mercenaries and declare war on the corrupt president of Colombia and the national drug cartel. Do not expect another "Apocalypse now". This particular movie is based on the performances of macho leads, many explosions and shootings and? last but not least? fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings the cover of "Brothers in Arms".
