First of all, the explanation: despite my headline, I give this film only 8 stars because overall it is NOT one of the best films ever. All criticisms registered here have important points. It's also important to remember that to enjoy the script, you really need to appreciate the brilliance of Neil Simon in finding a joke in real human banter. He has a clearly new ear for dialogue - a particularly dry, Jewish, love-filled sarcasm - and if you have a problem with accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, you may have a problem accepting optimism in the heart of this film. <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here is my main point: in this film Walter Matthau is perfect, even out of perfection. I have never seen him funny or more moving, because at the same time he shows us the joy of this character who does not want to give up his image of a great star or unbearable attitudes, even if its cohesion decreases, it also shows us more sensitive and maybe even frightening terrified person in the shade. And just barely shows us this sad part - it's enough that it really reaches you, if you happen to deal with the mental decline of your father or husband (I mention it as a warning), but artistically it's enough to make this character the most authentic deep roots. I see it in every movie possible. This is beyond the working method - Matthau's performance is outstanding, like working with character and pure pleasure as a comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of comic acting. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I think that his acting is annoying, and his work in this film is no exception - although he has some great moments here. ("The chicken is funny ..." is one of them.) So if you like it, you should like it here, and if not, this movie will not change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the Oscars of 1976 ... I agree that Matthau was unfortunate against Nicholson in the "Cuckoo's Nest" this year. It was a deadly year for the competition of leading actors; if there were only separate Oscars for comedy and drama, I think that the best actor Oscars would go to Al Pacino on "Dog Day Afternoon" and to Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not to deprive Jack of a great job as McMurphy but I think Pacino and Matthau were CLEVER more masterful and surprisingly effective and even legendary in their performances than Nicholson was this year. I also believe that Burns won an Oscar for Supporting Actor for more sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - that is, he was good in this film, but not so well. (Burns is great as always, but the unexpected himself returns to the show biz to beat Brad Dourif's truly brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention the stunning debut of Chris Sarandon in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which in my opinion proves my theory.) <br /> <br /> Apart from Oskar's theories, here's my review: If you like Matthau's comic acting, see this movie and enjoy its powerful tirades and wonderful, grandmother-inspired gestures, fleeting mimicry and seemingly unwritten sides. (But if you are currently struggling with the pain of watching the old man lose grip, be warned that this movie can be either a comic relief or a painful enough pain to see it now.)
