This film has been badly received and misjudged. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when shell shock and amnesia caused by trauma were not stereotypes, as later reviewers call it many books and films. It is difficult to go back in time and live when characters were living, the realities of those times: war and horror of the First War experience to use lethal gas, British class system, which wife considered very important, hopeless lady and lover from the past still seen through the eyes of love , being as young and beautiful as 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as an amnesiac soldier who "dies" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, a girl from his youthful dreams, based on the devotion shown by his character in "Far From the Madding Crowd". Seeing this performance, you can sense his strong romantic attachment to a girl who did not meet the expectations of family and society. Margaret says, "We quarreled, and when you drifted away, you turned your face away from me." We know, therefore, that the breakup was something that incited him, that he brought shame, but he forgot the shame in his time with Margaret. I did not see all of his films, but in the ones I saw, he gives strong masculinity that shines even in the role of a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I did not even recognize Ann-Margaret at the beginning and I feel that her performance was underestimated. Without reading the book, I was wondering if the child who died was the result of acting on the edge of the incestuous emotion between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny claims that she is "a cousin". The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the kindergarten on stage to hair drying, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in this room, seems to be more of a way for Kitty to keep coals of anger worse than the orientation of the room to the sun or fondness about the missing child and the statement she made that she wished Chris did not think it necessary to preserve peace exactly as it was when the child was alive, which made her seem indifferent to the memory of the child. In addition, Jenny is shown as living in a subordinate role, as it would make a higher society a fallen member at that time. <br /> <br /> Recently, he was the recipient of an intense fantasy lover (unsexual according to the customs of those times) from 50 years ago, I could refer to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. I was also rejected because I was not good enough for his family, and after he rediscovered me on the Internet, I was burdened with helping him deal with his still terrifying experiences in Vietnam and marry a woman above his class, in which he did not believe that love. My husband, like Margaret, was very forgiving, but the tension was very real. The lover was finally able to reconcile his real situation with his fantasy of loving only me. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little about experiencing war events that took place in Chris's mind. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with a soldier from World War I who makes very brutal memories and commits suicide in comparison with Chris's joy in his fantasy of Margaret. In turn, the actiona of the soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems exaggerated. <br /> <br /> Showing that the psychiatrist understood very little of what is happening with Chris, he emphasizes the serious problem facing the whole group. Everyone seems to regain their lives, but was it the right choice?
