I just saw this great movie "Return of the Soldier" from 1982, based on the novel by Rebecca West. It's about a shocking forty-year-old who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to the British land, but remains in a hospital in London. He has lost his memory and is again a boy, with a yen for the beloved lower class he has pursued 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He remains in childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearable, aspiring social man who wants him to resume his place in society. Living with them is his cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry, a soldier when they grew up as playmates, but settled in the kingdom. The lower-class woman played by Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. SHE is notified that Chris has returned to England. Chris's wife, Kitty, is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vain and snobbish. Why, she asks herself if this other woman sent a telegraph about Chris, not about her? Chris completely forgot about Kitty. I want to renew my relationship with Margaret. Currently, married Margaret reluctantly meets with him, but then meets him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's momentary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he "heals" him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and creates a secret, loving alliance through Margaret. They are both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. At the end of the film Kitty reveals that Chris and she had a boy who died five years ago. Saying to Chris, he weighs Shrink, he will surely restore him "normal". But is it a good idea? Chris, barely aware of the fact that he and Kitty were ever married, do not know about their child and the death of a child. A psychiatrist, learning only a child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris for each other because Kitty believes he pretends and refuses to accept Chris's illness in his return to his youth in his forties. The film leaves it mainly because of reflections on what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in a well-kept child's bedroom - also from Kitty in the novel, but not in the script - discuss what they think should be done about Chris from their separate perspectives. Margaret is critical here because, although she got married, she fell in love with Chris again. Jenny thinks Jenny's social position will be jeopardized if Chris does not get better. However, Margaret does not disclose it. Margaret decides, looking ahead, that Chris can not keep his fantasy over time, but he has to return to something like real life. While Kitty and Jenny look from the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris and tells him about his missing son. The head of the war victim falls, his arms fall, he looks away. He goes depressed towards the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I have read the critique of Rebecca West's first novel. The novel was written after the first war. In the film, it is never clear who Jenny is, his cousin or his sister. Of course it would be more thrilling if she was his sister. Criticism does not explain this either. I'm sure the West in its novel makes sure Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller or Anais Nin, whose book "Incest" (about her relationship with her father as an adult, to compensate him for molesting her as a child), I considered reading, but later I decided. Rebecca, the author, must also get Chris back. She also has facilities in her head, because the company her novel excites first, but eventually it overwhelms her once more.
