"The Shop Around the Corner (1940)" is a nice romantic comedy, not what I will be close to the end of my days, but still a film that deserves its reputation. Until 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch has long taken Hollywood over the storm, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" has become a shining trademark. This movie was scheduled for release in 1939, but conflicts in the schedule meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing one of the main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, in the meantime directing Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka" (1939). When it was finally finished, "The Shop Around the Corner" met with relative indifference, receiving zero Oscar nominations, despite the excellent scenario of Samson Raphaelson and excellent performances of the two leaders and Frank Morgan in the supporting role. Time, however, betrayed the huge and lasting impact of the film, with loud remakes, including "In the Good Old Summertime (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)". <br /> <br /> At its surface one would assume that "The Shop Around the Corner" is the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing it. However, the film by Lubitsch is much deeper. This is the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish souvenir shop in Budapest and various interpersonal relations that make the store a compact family. When the store owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect that his oldest employee has an affair with his wife, we witness the breakup of two families, both at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why this story would not take place in the United States? maybe on the streets of New York? but Lubitsch deliberately recreated the passions and memories of past years in Europe, the peculiarities of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed at every turn. This subtle subtext gives the film a more significant, personal character? in fact, even when I'm writing this review, I'm starting to appreciate this story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are great in their roles, but I think that this supporting cast really make a movie. Each character brings a characteristic personality to the mix, and their interactions are always reliable and enjoyable. I especially liked the way in which Lubitsch consciously directed our sympathy to Hugo Matuschek, who in any other film would be limited to a poorly developed two-dimensional representation. Matuschek may have lost his love for his family, but he regains it in the affection of his employees and he feels a fervent glow when, in the bitter cold of Christmas Eve, he finds a freckled young messenger boy company (Charles Smith). This real warmth in relation to the supporting character seems to me similar to several of the later creations of Billy Wilder, for example Boom Boom Jackson in "The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or Carlo Carlucci in "Avanti! (1972). Of course, you do not have to say it, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
