THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is one of the sweetest and most pleasant romantic comedies ever created. It just can not be dealt with and it is difficult to express your opinion about this film. This is not one of those films that are trying too hard, nor are there any weirdest possible scenarios to eventually connect the two heroes. In fact, all his charm is innate, contained in characters and surroundings and story ... which is highly reliable to run. It is easy to believe that such a love story, as beautiful as it has ever been said * could * happen to you ... a feeling you often do not experience in other romantic comedies, however sweet and cordial you may be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the most successful first meetings when he comes to the store (Matuschek & Co.), where he worked in the past nine years, asking for a job . They try from the very beginning, mainly on a cigarette box that plays music when it's open - thinks it's a ridiculous idea; she makes one big sale and is employed. Their quarrels go through the next six months, even if both of them (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and minds in letters provided by PO Box 237. It would be a fairly thin thread to base the entire movie on it, except that THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is expertly invented with a brilliant cast of totally engaging characters, from the paternal but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan), who finds out that his store is really his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), helper and friend of Kralik, who always jumps out of the room in the face of the possibility of receiving a sincere opinion from him; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), who finally gets his favor from a gloriously just Kralik; and an ambitious errand boy Pepi Katon (William Tracy), who wants nothing more than promotion to the post of clerk Matuschek & Co. An unpretentious love story between "Dear Friends" takes place in this small store in Budapest, Hungary, in which the unpunished release of Kralik and subsequent promotion to the store manager help two future lovers. It's nice that everyone gets a story in this movie; the supporting characters are well developed, and Matuschek's own journey in life is almost as moving as the one that Alfred and Clara share. His invitation to a new Rudy's errand boy (Charles Smith) for a Christmas Eve dinner, made in the swirling, beautiful Hungarian winter snow, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; we even care for heroes whose love story is not interesting for this film. <br /> <br /> In addition to the love story, I must say that James Stewart is really one of the best things in this movie. He does not play the full personality of Jimmy Stewart in this film (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes To Washington'); in fact, Alfred Kralik is stabbing and violent, not particularly polite. He is a rather rough man, in fact, with a small clue (perhaps to the very end) of the boy wizard Stewart soon patented. When he learns from Klara that they correspond in a secret, in fact Kralik does not fight - he is waiting to see how far he will deal with charades, especially since he is quickly aware (considering his turbulent relationship with Klara as boss and subordinate ) that loving the person he knows thanks to the mentioned letters may not be equal to loving the person himself. His description of Clara's fictitious Matthias Popkin (who he calls it!), Who was to be her fiancé, is extremely funny, but also his way of proving that letters do not reveal everything that is human, just as letters do not reveal everything to her. Stewart perfectly fulfills this role - he keeps his face perfectly controlled when Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as it often happens, even (and especially) on his face. And yet, under the influence of brutality and professionalism, he believes that * he could * reveal his identity with the same gravity, sincerity and pure * hope * that he finally does. <br /> <br /> You should also mention other cast members. Margaret Sullavan performs rather poorly in the first half of the movie, but really appears in the scene closing the shop on Christmas Eve, when she almost broke her heart thanks to the most vivid description of her beloved Alfred. Frank Morgan has a great performance when the jealous Hugo Matuschek led to a nervous breakdown, a man who has to rediscover his sense of life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to "grow old with him". And Felix Bressart plays the role of a silent but loyal Pirovitch (regular Lubitsch, because he appears as a funny Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - the scene in which he helps his friend Alfred get a Christmas gift last * really * wants ... instead of the funny cigarette box, Clara is so disconnected. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of this movie - for example, the famous generosity and meticulous attention to detail in creating the Matuschek store is worth the effort, up to the Hungarian names on the door, goods and cash register, and so on. But even if Lubitsch decided on a story set in Hungary, the setting is in fact universal: it can happen anywhere; it could happen to you. This is the charm of this simple story, these credible characters who are * real * people. Snow on Christmas Eve is also real, or at least as real as Lubitsch could have done (he had snowmobiles brought for a big cost). It is the desire to make everything look real, helps make history even more credible, which gives this film a dream realism that can not be repeated. (No, not even in a remake like YOU'VE GOT MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This * is really a Christmas movie by Jimmy Stewart who is missing out on people when they talk about GREAT LIFE. Not to diminish the advantages of this other film, but there would be nothing wrong, or rather a lot of good, done while watching the store AROUND ANGLE on this holiday. He is sweet, funny, charming, and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all be so happy that the romance is presented in this film; the best thing about this movie is that we are moving away from the feelings that we probably could.
