It's full of major spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers in comparison with two films Louise Brooks with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Cans" and "Diary of a lost girl," but in a sense, "Prix" is the quintessence of Brooks's film. Here he has the chance to be charming without the dark side of Pabst cooperation. What "Prix" has in Pabst's films is music. In this early French film, the whole mystic Louise Brooks is strongly connected to the combination of image, song and music. Charleston is what seems to be best associated with Brooks (she was the first person who danced in Europe), but the actress's essence appears more strongly in tango. Tango also plays the role of a character in "Prix", being a music with which she danced during a short promotion after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she abandoned her fame for a mundane existence as the wife of a jealous husband, Andre, longing for her abandoned fame becomes apparent when the same record of tango appears in her turntable. Tanga to Brooks is so appropriate that he is accompanied by a documentary about her life, "Looking for Lulu," a film told by Shirley Maclaine. The brazen and decisive quality of tango embodies Louise Brooks's strong but elegant and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds a huge amount of pathos to what is not a great movie (but very good). By the way, Brooks' voice has not been named by Edith Piaf, as some say. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. The song is what Brooks, Lucienne's hero, sings, Andre at the beginning of the movie, to cheer him up and express his deep affection for him. And in the climactic moment, it is a song that he sings to the screen rehearsal, which he watches from producers and managers who intend to shape their career. It is continued on the screen after husband Andre, who followed her into the projection room, shoots and kills her. With one shot, when the Lucinenne's dead body rests on the bottom of the screen, while her screen test continues above, with the song that Andre once sang, the essence of what films do in other art forms is not well characterized. When Andre watches his dead wife singing on the screen, and the murder weapon is still smoking, she smiles subtly. She is now His forever and through our association. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, Louise Brooks's career in real life crashed and burned after the "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her last role in the lead role. This film really seals Brooks's mystic more than Pabst's films (which are undoubtedly perfect films). He also points out what is in the movies that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of movies - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after death than when they lived.
