The story of obsessive love pushed to the limit and a beautiful swan whose beauty is the only ticket to her premature death. Placed at the beginning of talkies, PRIX DE BEAUTE follows a thin line, being a full-length silent movie - which is still in the heart - and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit annoying for anyone who enters the movie, because the recorded sound is very metallic and simply does not help at all. For example, a conversation on the sound stage edited over the starting sequence that takes place on the beach is part of the movie, because the actress who calls Louise Brooks' dialogue and does so deprives the audience of a great performance. In addition, the film rolls more or less well, with small leaps of continuity here and there - something quite common in films from this era - and it has the vague acceleration typical of the silent. In a way, it's a film experiment, closer to the style of Sergey Eisenstein in a visual presentation and close-up, which raises him from a level that would be more pedestrian. Louise Brooks plays here a less floppy character than what she was known for: she is a shorthand who decides to take part in a beauty contest on the skylark despite the furious opposition of her unusually stifling boyfriend. Her role is quite thirty years old and contemporary for her time; the last roles from Jazz Baby were shown on the screen, and now, with the advent of women's independence, women as professionals were represented in the film. This character Brooks decides to leave his boyfriend (even if later "reconcile" with him), it is also a little ahead of time. However, her character's fatal flaw is willing to believe what she does not have - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and that's what leads her to the end in the cinema. This last sequence looks like something from Hitchcock in his high tension (seen in THE MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH) and cuts from Brooks, her picture on the screen and a murderous boy. Even more dramatic is the location of Brooks, who is still singing live, and now dead, chilling in his veins, chilling the film in his veins.
