We've seen a quiet version of this movie and it's just glisteningly beautiful. It is hard to imagine how a sound version could be created, because it is shot with pure silent technique, long-wordless narrative intentions without a single string - except for a few disturbing sequences in which Louise Brooks, playing on a French typist, is quite clearly saying in English ... The only section that obviously demands sound is the final scene in which Brooks watches the rushes for her "on sound" test: footage that plays constantly in the background when the action unfolds, with the mouth moving in a continuous, silent song. I was not surprised when I learned that this passage in the talkie version was hailed as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of the opening scenes and the fairytale inevitability of the following, the film resembles a dream. As "Louise Brooks", it was not at all what I expected, be it from her Hollywood comedy or German melodrama GWPabst: I think idiom is more fluid and enjoyable than anyone else, and Brooks is another creature, strong laughing a young animal, not a shop vampire or a manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> However, what gives the film more depth than at first glance is the unexpected second half; repulsed by the rich parasites that gather around her beauty, the wretched princess returns to the tear-streaked congress with her humbly born true love ... and the story could end there. However, the fairy tale turns into a tragedy. Drabant Grabowski, convinced of his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is too correct in his own predictions - young lovers can not make each other happy - and Andrzej, ironically, was right, not trusting the social impacts of beauty contests: after the drunkenness her temporary glory Lucienne worries with despair over the dark routine of married life, while her husband in turn is driven by the savage memory of the whole matter. If it were a simple case of a wrong marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, the "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau's "Sunrise". But if so, scenes from the amusement park and the photographer scene would create a distorted mirror image of joyful reconciliation in the "Sunrise"; not a dream, but an alienating nightmare. And the next dawn does not bring a wonderful meeting, but an empty bed and an abandoned house. Leaving a letter saying that he loves him and will always love him, Lucienne disappears again from André's life in search of clarity and freedom; and this time he will never come back. <br /> <br /> Rumors from rumors confirm all the worst beliefs of André, because he learns about the whereabouts of his wife through reports linking her name to Grabovski. When the young worker finally penetrates into the generous sanctuary in the projection room, with a drawn pistol - greeted by the sight of the dashing and caressing laughing Lucienne, the same woman who promised her immortal feeling. She left him. He kills her, but even when he kills, he is taken over by a vivid picture on the screen, Lucienne in all his transformed glory that he has never seen. Two women are juxtaposed in an endless, powerful moment, as André sees, grabs, does not resist, and pushes back: a dying girl and her singing self still designed above, caught ignorant of time on celluloid eternity, playing on the unconscious of life or death or love pod niej ... <br /> <br /> The main element of the film is the figure of a colleague André Antonina, who seems to have no role except that he is the licensed butt of his malice contemporary. He is an ugly man who can never get a girl, a clumsy mollusc that stumbles and worries in the bathrooms and at work, and has to take it all with an uncertain, grateful smile in fruitless hope of social acceptance: a typical product mistreatment over more talented and popular in other words, the audience is obviously invited to laughter and its tormentors. If the intention of the heroes is not to reveal a darker side (for which I do not see any sign), the character seems to exist only as a comic relief, but a comical relief with a clearly nasty edge. When we know him only as an inept Tom peeper on the bank, it's easy to laugh, although the other's revenge seems a bit superior; when we discover that it is not a coincidence of a stranger, but colleague André and an ordinary helper, constant attacks quickly cease to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But these images remain. Beauty, nightmare and sleep.
