I'm a fan of Mitchell Leisen, so it was a big expectation that I borrowed the movie, but the print I got was extremely bad, so worn and burned seemingly irreparable, the film was so dark. So dark that in some scenes that are filmed in the dark, you can not see a single thing. I said, however, that I share the same opinion as the first review of the movie. It starts off remarkably and does not cite the lines and rhythms of a typical Hollywood movie. 30. Heck, even your typical Hollywod movie in any age. It seems that the director was influenced by the Europeans, because there is some harsh realism in the initial shot that is so crafted in the camera movement and placement as meets Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray). You expect them to sing "Make believe" from Show boat. It starts with a few laughter, and poor Anthony as a single scene in which he does not speak a word in English is hit by Freddie. Skids are an ass that does not care about being a vagrant. That is why he enrolls in the army, where he can hide from the world. It has just been released and in the set of unfortunate scenarios he misses a boat to New York. This is the moment in which the film enters high speeds and we start to get these French movies from the 1960s' climate to the entire proceedings. The scenes are so well played by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham that the film takes on a pulse. MacMurray is also good because he and Lombard run into each other when he cares for his trumpet talent. Then the temptress takes the form of Dorothy Lamour. It's enough with a story. The film has fantastic assembly sequences that have dazzled me. They are very good. And Lombard wins the title in this movie, but in the second half a bit more is called Freddie, and he does not deliver goods. With a strongly melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe in, the film is short, but it is not a typical film in the structure, set design and direction. It's worth a look. What was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. However, I do not know its exact rank.
