I first came across this film when I read a book (written in the '70s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that I have watched many of his films over the years and I think that his best work is really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was supposed to be one of his best. Although I did not get bored of it, it did not make a big impression on me, like STOP DAWN, DEATH ACCEPTING HOLIDAYS, KITTY, and even ZŁOTE ZAROBKI. I suspect that it's just too much of a date to be liked. <br /> <br /> Working at Paramount Leisin had a problem with the films he did, which were musicals. Most of the grades he worked with were quite average. It's true that there were two standards in his films, but these were very rare cases: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT THE VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of the score for MURDER AT THE VANITIES was forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only melody in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not be so - in the studio Leisin Rogers and Hart they worked on it in the early thirties. Why could not he be assigned to the project with them? The result for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is pleasant but unforgettable. Unfortunately, the film focuses on the world of entertainment because Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talents as a trumpeter (even Carole Lombard works in his act, embracing her with his arms when he blows the trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how her lover plays teases her, is important for the plot. It works in the movie, but it would be better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> The film is in a picnic style - it starts on the ocean liner, which Lombard works on as a manicurist. She is constantly persecuted by her boss Franklin Pangborn (hairdresser on the ship). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal and we see MacMurray as a soldier whose recruit will soon end. Their first scene together has a nice touch Leisin: MacMurray talks to Lombard, she aboard the boat, and he on the edge of the castle wall. A nice way to continue the action while the dialogue hits a boring track. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard and begins his reputation as a trumpeter, but he meets "another woman" in the movie, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film are about the fall of the relationship with Lombard and his fall as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and the need for alcohol is very unusual for MacMurray characters - even his darker characters, such as Walter Neff, or Sheldrake or naval officer who pushes Caine Mutiny, did not show addiction to alcohol. Lombard is as good as a beloved woman but wronged by MacMurray, Lamore has little to do - probably the movie had more scenes in it, but one of them is trying to put MacMurray back on In his initial phase, Pangborn is okay. Not often seen in movies, little actor Carl Judels is effective as a weather fan / friend of MacMurray who drops him when he goes down (though he gives him a hand). <br /> < br /> Charles Butterworth is as trivial in this film as usual, but he has one moment when he looks timidly at his hands the piano keyboard in the rooms he, jeg o girl, MacMurray, and Lombard's share - his red look is caused by the embarrassment of a lie MacMurray insists on being true. It was a nice, subtle moment. If only his subtlety were in his acting, not in moments of uncertain humor.
