Neil Simon's THE ODD COUPLE has prepared a model for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were inappropriately selected roommates in the original, the first was picky and tidy, the second was sloppy and loose. Simon would rewrite (less effectively) the game in the 90s as a NEW JACKET, with female roommates. He did it with a mixed couple (a woman with a daughter and a man) in SAILING GIRLS. He also gave him an extra turn back in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a hit on Broadway with Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the older, half-retired Vaudevillians. Here, the problem of "housing" comes down to the cooperation of two men who can not stand. In the film from 1976, Walter Matthau performed as Willie and George Burns as Al. <br /> <br /> In fact, Al probably does not think completely wrong about Willie - Willie is pathological about Al. At first Al had small habits, such as accidental spitting, when he pronounced words beginning with the letter "t", and slightly poking Willie with the forefinger on the stage. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and forced his nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) to work in commercials, but Willie does not remember the lines unless they're fun and he's still crushing them. Trials for advertising. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to gather the two back on stage with their most famous sketch on the television series about American Comedy. Bring Al to see Willie and the sparks start flying because none of them he can find out what the other person is doing (and this is just a rehearsal.) Besides, Willie insists on changes (smaller but dropping Al) such as saying "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door. The first attempt is a failure, but Ben is managing to record the program, the question is, will they finish the stage in the finished program, will Willie win the Al neck? <br /> <br /> Three pencils, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, they do great with the only children, f very much like stamping a vaudeville (example: "Chest pain ... I get Uncle Willie's pains in my chest. I come here every Thursday and get chest pain! "" So, come on Fridays! ".) Benjamin is trying to prove his deep affection to his uncle, although Matthau's rough outer coat makes it difficult (smoothes herself when discussing the glory of vaudeville days.) Matthau has a slightly better understanding of reality (at first) than Burns, which seems old when it is repeated - but in reality the sense of rejection of Matthau by a world that once beat him makes him less inclined to behave properly. "Burns is not an old man - he takes everything slowly, but he seems much happier, accepting my retirement. <br /> <br /> I call this the last "Voyage of Discovery" for our contemporaries Lewis and Clark, Al and Willie cross their old skits, who gradually realize that they have more in common than they thought. Willie admits that Al may be a pain in his ass, but he was a funny man. Br /> <br /> Burns would not the original choice for the "Al Lewis" (su team allegedly Dale Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. Benny would probably do a good job, but poor health forced him to leave (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last participation in any movie was in THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as a narrator) turned out to be such an outstanding performance that he got an "Oscar" for Best Supporting Actor and was about to pursue a career in films in the next decade in movies like OH GOD!; OH GOD, YOU DIABLE; and MOVING IN STYLE. He died at the age of 100 in 1996, he proved to be more than a genius simple man for his wife Gracie Allan.
