I've seen "Miracles still happen" at least four times. I am never tired of this fantastic movie. From the very beginning, it keeps the person's interest. As the film progresses and the airplane crash, the story becomes very intense when we observe this young girl who tries to survive alone and is afraid in the Amazon after the plane crash in which she was the only survivor. Losing a mother in this plane makes this film even more dramatic because we see the dangers this young girl had to endure during the ten days spent in the Amazon. Thinking that this really happened is simply unrealistic, and thinking that anyone can survive is unspeakable when we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wild animals, and innumerable insects. As the film progresses, we see many dangers that this girl has to face when she tries to follow the river in the hope that it will lead her to the city. Remembering what her father told her, how the stream always leads to the river, and then to an even larger river, and that means it will ultimately lead to the community, this young girl follows a small stream that eventually leads to a huge river all in the whole movie. Sometimes she had to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, hurt, she always managed to go on. At the end of the film it was obvious that she would not be able to last longer because she had not eaten for ten days and had only drinking water and was very sick and tired of dangers. Finally, seeing a kayak, he realizes that there must be a village, and men will find her and take care of her, and then take her to the hospital where her father comes, fearing that she is dead with many other passengers. Such a dramatic movie and such a piercing view of the father's face when he sees his daughter is still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Films like this are not very popular in those days. I will still see him and I know he will never get tired! Thinking that this girl was the only person who survived this plane is simply indescribable! Also, the fact that she only kept a few very minor injuries was even more unusual, while everyone else on this plane died in a terrible catastrophe in the Amazon wilderness. A brilliant movie, really great and one that I will value forever and love to watch it! Definitely recommended by me!
