It was considered a "Swiss answer to the Lord of the Rings," but it is much more. This is not the answer to anything, it's something new, something funny and sometimes it's stupid and stupid - but was Monty Python different than stupid? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately says that this movie has a low budget and should not be taken seriously. Cardboard clouds on strings bring down the plane in which the main character sits. But to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape works. It is absolutely beautiful and stunning - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has everything. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the film is the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that influenced it. It is not brilliant; but it has some good humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, just see him and see him because of him! There are some good jokes, some of them are very bad, some of them will not be understood by people from outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to take "Pupsi" with him, telehobbie, on a journey. Also very funny is the scene in which Rackaroll, a knight fighting a sword, decides to show off his sword - and then breaks it on the wall, breaking it. And there is this one scene in which the nazgul-ish characters make a wonderfully comical scene that includes a brush to the toilet ... I did not approve the idea of ​​the Ring used by Schleimli, the character of "Gollum" to "seduce" the lord. It was a bit far-reaching. The idea of ​​Lord Saurausa, who wanted to cover the grounds of the fondue, was not that great either. The original, for sure, but not brilliant. But most of all, I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon that was really unnecessary. All in all, I recommend watching the movie just because it is so crazy and completely tacky. Do not expect LotR parody like "Spaceballs" to be Star Wars. But if you go to the cinema thinking that it will be a fun evening without absolutely any ambitions, you'll like it. I'm not sure if it works in other languages ​​because it works live from Swiss dialects as well as jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> In all: courage to the courage of the Swiss crew, who did it!
