Sarafina was a nice movie, and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very funny. Usually I do not like such things with music, but the singing was not as lame as it looked on the box. The film was useful to learn about history, because it was an interesting prospect of riots in Soweto in 1976. She showed you things from the students' perspective during the riots and showed you that they are real characters. Because you must perceive them as real characters, it makes you like them more as an audience and you make them more sympathetic to them as a white government victim with whom you can not sympathize. The students' singing is right, because we know from the accounts that the students sang and danced during the riots before they became violent. The students' clothing in Sarafin is very similar to the clothes shown in the pictures from Soweto. They made a film in Soweto, which is why it looks very much in many parts. All this makes the film more accurate for someone who uses it to learn about aparthied. As viewers, we must be critical of how to present the history of apartheid. As I said before, you become sympathetic to students - it makes it potentially less credible and objective. In addition, it changes some details from other accounts. In Sarafina he turns into chaos when a policeman comes to their class and shoots at students. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army were shooting at students, but there is no evidence that they go to school and execute such people. The fights were more on the streets and had looting and crime. This is done in the movie, probably to make you feel more worried about the students. The film would be more useful if he had other information about aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and my mother goes to work at the white people's house. But there is no information about the government, and why they do it, or any details about racist politics and rights. - George S, Chris and Finlay
