This film reminds me of 42 Street with the participation of Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this movie, many of them reminded me of 42nd Street, especially the character of Eloise, who is a temperamental star, and she ends the fall and breaks the ankle, like Bebe Daniels on 42nd street, and another performer gets a role and becomes a star. This film, like most racing movies, makes people watch it because of great entertainment. Race films always showed Black Entertainment, as it was really popular in those days. Dance styles, music, dress style, you'll love it. This movie could be big if it was made in Hollywood, it would have better scenery, better filming and more money that would make any movie better. But it's worth to watch because it's good, and Micheaux does well with what he has. I have to say from all Micheaux movies, Swing is the best! The film features singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular, but today they forgot. Doli Armena, an amazing female trumpet player who can blow the horn so well that you think Gabriel is blowing a horn in the sky. Sexy, hot dancer Consuela Harris put Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee before shame. <br /> <br /> Adding more information ... Popular blues singer from the 1920s and 1930s. Cora Green is the subject of the film, she is Mandy, a good, hard-working woman who does not have a good man who takes her money and he spends it on other women. The nosy neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what she has seen and heard, and Mandy goes down to the club and grabs her man with an attractive, crooked woman named Eloise (played Hazel Diaz, a hot-Cha artist in the 1930s) and the fight breaks out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where he meets with a little guardian angel Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle. Lena provides Mandy home, work and helps her become a star when temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I suppose she plays two parts, or maybe she changed her name) tries to ruin the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right, and Lena is right and that a star is born in Mandy. Tall, long, thin, but handsome Carman Newsome is a great, aspiring producer, which Lena also counts on. Nice boy, Larry Seymour, is not a good man, but after Lena threatens him, he can develop. There are some important events, but what I like is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) is late for a rehearsal and throws herself at everyone, and then her man walks in and hits her jaw, but that's not enough , he almost gets into a fight with Mandy again. In the meantime, there is great entertainment for girls with a choir, tap dancers, shake dancers, swing music and blues vocals. Entertainment is watched by even white people, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene in which black and white are sitting in the club, Micheaux often integrates black and white in his films, he should be praised for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first racing movie that I really liked and helped me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best genres of racing movies, this is a story behind the scenes of the ups and downs of show business. <br /> <br /> These early racing videos may not be the best, they can not be compared with Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or other Hollywood movies, but they're great for watching because their early signs of black filming and these films give insight into black life and black entertainment in the eyes of a black person. These films gave the Black people the chance to play with people from all walks of life, be beautiful, classic and elegant, and not just be stereotypes or how white people thought that black people should be portrayed like in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses from these racing movies were not the best, but they were the only ones that could be available at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and many other bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white film makers would use nightclub performers in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux knew the majority were not good actors and actresses, but they were used more as experimental than for real talent, they just wanted to tell their stories, and in return many black performers had to perform their real talents in movies. For some real actors / actresses, race movies were the only type of movie they could get, especially if they did not want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you'll be able to see real actors / actresses from nightclub performers. These racing movies are very historical, they may have been lost forever, many of them are lost, maybe racing movies are not the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies were not great at first. I think that if the genre of the racing movie will continue, it will be better. If you're looking for great actors, most of the racing movies are not the ones, but if you're looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should be portrayed in movies than watch racing movies. There are some fun racing movies with a well-cast cast, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which not only has good entertainment, but also a good acting act.
