I am a huge fan of Vonnegut's work and I really like this movie, but I would not say it is a movie of "Mother's Night" which I read. When people say that Vonnegut is unacceptable, two things come to my mind. One of them is that many of his subjects are very close to the ankle, and even taboo, despite the accusation that was sometimes used against him that he chooses relatively "easy" goals for his satire. This means less each day when it comes to filmability. Nowadays, the directors seem to enjoy breaking the taboo and I associate high hopes with the "Bluebeard" version, which is currently in production. Surprisingly, an innocent song, such as Vonnegut's "Tithe Siren", would probably be the equivalent of an "R" rated if it was filmed when it was published in the 1950s because of violence, language and sexual and thematic content, although it is a tragedy that no one has invented yet, with a film scenario. In the current economic situation, I also hope that some director will take a closer look at the films "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> Another thing is his narrative style, where irony irony ironically, but still makes it funny. Objectivization seems impossible, and this seems to be the biggest obstacle to creating great films from his great novels, because small author's comments that color our answer as readers are simply not possible in movies without resorting to clumsily too often techniques such as like "conversations" "Vonnegut suggested that the filmed versions of his work lack a character who is itself an author / narrator. Admittedly, "Breakfast of Champions" (film) tried to keep comedy and brought a little respite for her pains. Like another turkey from the Vonnegut novel "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> Still, there is nothing wrong with the direction that gives us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is a perfect example of how, as another reviewer puts it, a good director can add visual poetry to such a source. But so much humor is lost, that although it is the same story, it is not really from the same novel I read. If that were the case, I would probably laugh in the aisles, laughing a few times, watching him. For the reader of the novel, I think that chuckle at the end is forgivable. However, the end of the movie is really moving and I think one of the successes of the movie is the fact that he can really feel that you have watched someone go with the edge of the razor between good and evil, and the jury still does not work. <br /> <br /> Standing alone and alone, it's worth seeing. Technically there are some minor but glaring errors, especially in continuity, and they all seem too gray and theatrical, but most of the time they get into an acceptable note and sometimes show a significant imagination and resourcefulness. Acting in general has a high order, even if today's standard can exacerbate dialogue a bit. <br /> <br /> Will survive quite well, looking back with "Rzeźnia-5", and really is a bit more "good" filmed there Vonnegut, mainly versions of his stories - "Harrison Bergeron", "Who Am I This Time? "And some other things, such as, of course, a cloudy filmed version of his very funny but one-time" Happy Birthday Wanda June "game. There was also an interesting song, if it still exists, made in the '70s under the name' Between Time And Timbuktu ', which Vonnegut apparently disliked, although he was involved in its production because he felt he misinterpreted it in its generality. He said that it reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments made in the story of HG Wells "Island of Dr. Moreau", but for many people it was an excellent introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the videos do not make you want to go to the parent source material, they do not do their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, a big show is in your head.
