I have not read Kurt Vonnegut's "Mother's Night" (although I have read his other books, all outstanding works of satire and innovative games). After watching the film adaptation of his book Keith Gordon, it will be obligatory in the near future. This is a type of material that I am sure that if it was not made in 1995/96 as a film, it would have been picked up at a time when many post / present-Holocaust / WW2 films are quite popular. Only that it is much darker, though even more resonant, about the character of role playing and the real horror of life with life after the war, than saying The Reader. It is a very real danger of pretending during the war, which is what being a spy in World War II really is. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity of moral choice and a permanent role - even after the war - like Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte). But it is also a really powerful feat of film technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually consider a director of really strong material (more that I think of him as an actor, which is strange, I briefly described with Vonnegut in "Back to school"), but this is a revelation. He tells the story of Campbell as a story of a broken life: a German propaganda champion ("the only American in Berlin") who is a spy for Americans, but he can never reveal his identity and was before a playwright who really belonged to the "nation of two", himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He follows him from his prison cell, expecting a trial in Israel in 1961, When he writes his memories and talks about his disappointment, that he is a "pretended" Nazi, and then in 1960. He half hid in an apartment in New York, where is most of the movie takes place. <br /> <br /> The night's mother can be quite heavy, as at a level that could be associated with the pianist, but on a different, more emotional-cerebral level than the raw poetry of the film. Gordon, thanks to Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing but the memory (and then a strange transposition) of his long lost love in "sister" who returned to him in NYC, so he left his own devices when he befriended with the painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then he was declared hiding by the Nazis through the white bulletin of supremacy, leading wackos to his apartment. At first glance it should be a simple spy story, but nothing is easy. Something about this man's life is staggering, but ultimately depends on his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for hours, but the same conclusions can be drawn (and in a sense reflect what Goebbels said): the bigger the lie, the more people believe in it. This is except for a few chosen ones who have started a lie and know its secret and power. <br /> <br /> But oh, that would be one thing if it was a great and tragic-comic tale, or something like this, presented really fantastic performances (what happens: Nolte is the best here, and Sheryl Lee, which we can remember with Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, he stunned in many roles, especially in the scene, when he reveals that he is not really) "Helga". It is also a great movie, with brilliant lighting and shots that reflect the hero's state of mind, or just the harshness or disgusting colors of those times (watch the scene in which old Campbell watches a movie about his younger pronouns rant, face combination is great). And musical selections raise the level of tragedy. One could argue that part of the music is too much, but other times it raises the material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operatic, solemn with human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie to take emotionally, and some twists of action have a "whoa" shade, like in any spy story. But this subversive game of Vonnegut consists in the way of adopting the appearance and performance, imitating art imitating life imitating death and transforming it into something worth remembering. I do not know yet whether the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but at the moment it is difficult for me not to recommend it to anyone who is looking for a masterpiece of stories after the Second World War / Holocaust.
