American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played by Nick Nolte's aging) lives in front of the Germans with his wife, actress Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the start of World War II. At the peak of his life, Howard was appointed by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; warned of the risks posed by work, Howard has everything to lose but considers the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell masks the anonymity of lonely life in New York, making his neurosis even more sick. The main question (in fact, which frustrated many critics) of Kurt Vonnegut's film and source novel is: "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide give us clues but there is no answer, and this ambiguity is NOT he knows what makes the "Mother's Night" fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolte presents Campbell as intelligent and confident; at the end he is either scared, uncertain, or afraid and COMPLETELY certain of his contribution / debt to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies an icy glow to the paintings of the first half of the film, which complement his portrayal of the Nazi bourgeoisie and portray the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell is shut down in his lonely apartment in New York (which he affectionately calls "purgatory"), only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also characteristic of the author and provides a temporary respite from dramatic tension, which is growing. The moral (even spiritual) paradox "Mother's Night" is not easy to resolve and to some extent should be ambiguous - Campbell's black and white scenes staring wearily into space, when he is trapped in Israel, suggests that unspeakable contemplation to which we are not insiders, because Campbell is a figure whose inner functioning we know very little; war changes him, his return to America changes him, and meeting the Nazis in New York forces him to extend the facade of his "act" even more so that he can only look tiredly at his own project on the wall, spitting out anti-Semitic bile. Perhaps this is the best response we can hope for.
