This magical moment in life, this point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the tangled whirlwind that denotes adulthood. . . that's what this movie is all about. <br /> <br /> Danni (wonderfully played by Reese Witherspoon) is right at this point in his life when the movie begins. She faints over Elvis, plays his album and kindly thinks about love. Maureen, her sister, will soon set out to study, there are no problems attracting boys, she is beautiful and it seems that she has invented everything, though not. Deal with a local loser whose father is also her father, and she just wants her to find a decent boy and be cut off her legs. Danni, like most young teens, wants her to be anyone but herself, because most teenagers think that who they are is not good enough. He wants to be Maureen, but he does not see that she is beautiful herself. <br /> <br /> The moment when adulthood begins to enter her life comes when she meets Court Foster for the first time. The court, whose father had recently died, moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He was responsible for when he should have fun. One hot day goes to the pond and jumps just to see how Danni is thin. They scream and quarrel, and Danni walks away. But they see each other a day later when the court mother is invited to Dannia to visit old friends (Danny's parents). Danni is brought to court and the court to Danni. She is a tomboy and is brave, has an attitude and says what she thinks. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 years old, and Danni 14 knows that, but they still get closer together with their days in the pond between the manor house working on the farm. Before one day Court kisses her, Danni is struck. Danny's father tells her to invite the court home, and he does it. but matters are inconvenient for the Court in its "type of date". Silence was interrupted, however, by his meeting with Maureen, who had not yet seen the court. One look between them and everything at once. The look of pain and defeat on Danny's face is both beautiful in their veracity of life as well as painful at the same time. I will not tell the rest of the movie, but the film has something more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The size of the film is in his presentation of the moments of life both beautiful and painful and the relationship between the two sisters, whose love is tested by both the boy they love and the pain that they have to endure both together and and individually. Danni finally enters the world when he sees that the world is unjust, painful, and maybe even less hopeful than when the movie began. Few films can capture the miracle of childhood and the pain of adulthood so perfectly. This movie has since I saw for the first time that it stuck in my head. He's on my list of Top 100 movies and deservedly so. I would just like to make more such films, because if so, then yes. . . my faith in Hollywood would be much better.
