When I heard about the show for the first time, I heard a lot about it and there were some good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "crime story" because it announces itself and I really started to do it. I liked it since then. This program has a good sense of humor and it's great to see such a good show. The cast is as great as their characters and I would not like to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For people unfamiliar with this show Pushing Daisies focuses on a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace, who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: he could bring the dead back to life For the first time he did it with his dog, Digby, but there is a catch: if he keeps a dead person alive for more than one minute, someone else dies. He learned it when he brought his mother back to life, and his father with he lost his childhood in the place of Ned's mother, and the second catch is that he again touches the person who is dead again, but this time for good.He learned this when his mother kissed him goodnight, and his father took him to boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a bakery pie, cleverly titled "The Pie Hole." Associate Neda, O live Snook (Kristin Chenoweth), falls in love with Ned, but Ned rejects her movements, trying not to approach anyone, learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift that Ned has, and decides to make him a partner in solving murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when a minute has passed, he touches them again and resolves them. In this way they usually solve it. During the episodes of murder, they have very interesting threads and are what people least expect. <br /> <br /> One day Ned discovers that his next murder to be solved is his beloved childhood, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In its place the director of the funeral died, who stole the jewelry from the corpses. When Emerson finds out about it and Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he does not agree - for a moment we hear him calling "Dead girl". All this is kept secret from Olive, Aunt Chuck, Vivian and Lily (respectively Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz), and everyone else, in case someone recognized her from obituaries, messages, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, did not leave home for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to cooperate. Ned and Chuck love each other, although they can not touch each other. <br /> <br /> This series is funny, it has great characters, it contains great twists and it will definitely arouse your spirit. I hope it will not be canceled in 13 episodes.
