This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarities between the "Pushing Daisies" and other people's styles were not theft. (Yes, I saw "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is somewhat similar, but still different enough to be original.) Rather, there are too few TV programs that have this bizarre charm. The biggest similarity is "Dead Like Me", but to be honest "P.D" similarity: Bryan Fuller created both shows. (Both shows refer to, for example, the "Undead" of a young woman.) This program never ceased to be fun and charming, and it has always been weird, but it has always been humane. <br /> <br /> I have to say a few words about the conventions of continuous feature lines. some people complained that this program lacked a moral center, because in the first (and several subsequent) episodes, Ned seems not to allow Father Chuck to die without any consequences. First of all, this must be a new definition "without any consequences," because despite the fact that Ned was just a boy and did not realize that he killed Father Chuck, he felt guilty as soon as he realized what he had done. Moreover, about a dozen episodes of the series, Ned finally admitted to Chuck that he had killed her father with his gift. Now there is no police who would accuse people of magically causing the death of one person by bringing another person back to life, so absolution and restitution issues must be taken without social guidance. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who was not willing to forgive Ned in the near future. <br /> <br /> But this points to a problem with continuous threads in network dramas. I remember when the character of David Caruso in "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it seemed that he escaped - throughout the year - then he was caught and forced to give up his job (and left the show). The point is that viewers should learn and do not assume that just because the ordinary hero does something wrong in one episode and is not caught in this episode, he did it. It's always next week - maybe even next year.
