"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV shows of this genre in the last 5 years, I agree with it or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. He is the mind behind other great TV series, such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other not as great as these, but also interesting "Heroes" (2006). It is a mix of wonderful worlds created by Brian Fuller in previous television programs, combining once again an amazing world of fantasy with real people dressed in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that is always a fairy tale. Thus, being a kind of fairy tale, one can not expect anything more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, as well as situations that we expect, but not in the way we usually talk about. <br /> <br /> The gift always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. Yes, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift, in addition to being an amazing cook: he can revive the dead with one touch. It can be a power that everyone will die - or survive - because if it was not for another simple and very sad thing: it can also give forever a dead one if it touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything is compensated and if it brings something to life for more than one minute, another species will die instantly. He is a guy full of unhappy events in life that grew up introspectively, he is always afraid to touch everything and once again lose the things he once loved. Until the day when he could be close to his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if it were not for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life again and loved him as much as he did, but this love is untouchable. A real kiss of death. And so begins this beautiful, modern tale. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Pushing Daisies" for the first time, it was promoted as something very familiar (or perhaps a kind of homage) to everything that Tim Burton created from "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) ) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results can not be better. The world around Pie Hole was great. Stories around Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to solve unresolved crimes can be very common on television, but this is just a way to lead people through amazing stories surrounding characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy images that almost smell the color. What's more, you're connected to a handful of amazing and charismatic, gentle characters, even those with the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of murders and unresolved crimes, TV series are and are triumphing in many other things. The actors here are in the first place. Lee Pace is delicate, soft and contained according to the character's character. Anna Friel is the muse of the show, how her character should be. But the most wonderful times are always accompanied by supporting actors such as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (as Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swooz Kurtz shines in such a dried out form, immersed in an impossible dark mood that could scare the clown, certainly has the best dialogues, and her expressions and body language are hypnotizing. But if Swoozie and her character give the best dialogues, Kristin Chenoweth gives the best hilarious moments. It looks like she improvises all the time, it's so naturally funny that every scene is put aside. Kristin shines so clearly in the show that winning Emmy in 2009 for the supporting role in the series was completely honest and deserved. There is also chemistry between the actors and their heroes, which is also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what the TV program really is and what it was meant to be. For those who think that this performance is a waste of time or claim that they have no sense in it, they must definitely open their minds and return to the times they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> Tell me the truth ... TV has never been so bold on a TV show as in this amazing. "Pushing Daisies" was a great step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment, and his sudden death was very contemptuous. It's true that television does not respect great TV programs like Bryan Fuller - except for "Heroes", which is still on the air and is not as amazing as the others.
