After reading two or three negative reviews on the main page of IMDb for "Pushing Daisies" and literally a few minutes ago I finished watching the last episode, I thought it was time to say what I think about PD. <br /> <br /> First, to deal with some of the problems I saw in other people on this series: something like, "I expect people who have been woken up from the dead will have a more realistic response." Realistic, at this concert? Pushing Daisies is a truly clean and complete escapism. It's a palette of colors, a dialogue, scenarios, situations, music: everything for me is just an escape from everyday life. Escape from mundane and boring. It is here that Pushing Daisies exceeds extremely well Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: a large proportion of television consumers do not "get" this, for some people it is simply too stupid. But for people like me, even from the first episode that I watched ("Frescorts" of the second season), and I was just amazed by the show. Since then, I bought both sets of boxes and they were almost out of my DVD player. Other people I know can not stand it, it looks like it's like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The performance tells the story of the adventures of Ned, Piemaker, with a magic finger that restores childhood beloved Charlotte Charles, works with private detective Emerson Codem, has Pie-hole and employs waitress Olive Snook. The main members of the cast are Aunt Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to watch. They live in a fantasy world in which the dead are brought back to life, everything is shown with a wonderfully bright splash of color and narrated by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to presenting the basics of the series, I really can not boast of it more: just watch it. Although he was screwed in by the Writer's Guild of America strike, with only 22 episodes ever created, he provides great twists, plotlines, characters and situations, providing (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, I could say that it was finished and thrown but I was still happy with how it came out). Regardless of whether it's creative or simply pretentious, for many people (including me) the most captivating and wonderful presentation. I hope that in the future of television there will be more such shows, so I will not be left with only 22, 40 minute memories of real entertainment.
