Young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an avid archaeologist, is sent by his museum chief to the large village house of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his job is to find the origin and catalog of the collection of antiquity and peculiarities belonging to the recently deceased father Giermka. The squire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, he did not expect him for the next week, but nevertheless he welcomes him and gets his only servant, Patten (David Burke..of Dr. Watson), to show him in his room because Fanshawe must stay for a few days, to finish your rather large task. It seems that Patten is not the friendliest and seems to regret the extra work that Fanshawe's visit will bring, a large empty house that provides him with an infinite amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a picky type, very neat and precise, because everything has its place, regardless of whether it's his clothes, his books and papers, but he's rather disgusted with the dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is rather eager to start work, but unpacking says that his binoculars were damaged during transport, so he asks Squire about a replacement pair, Squire who is a modern-minded man, but also seems rather uncultivated with such matters are also willing to get rid of clutter at home, so he commits himself and goes Fanshawe to the top of the hill so he can inspect the estate and surrounding villages, there Giermek directs him to places of interest, including Gallows Hill, where the locals were accused of crimes and misdemeanors, his interest is also taken over by the local abbey, which Giermek describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe sees through binoculars that he is not, investigates further and pays a visit to the abbey and is shocked that there are only a few stone remains? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this puzzle, when darkness falls, he feels he is being watched, he feels the presence, he begins to see moving shadows in the forest, he is surprised to run home. During dinner, he gives the squire the details of his shocking day, Patten eavesdrops on the story and suggests an explanation ... Binoculars! they belonged to a local man named Baxter who seemed to be collecting bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, cooking them for some mixture, Baxter mysteriously disappear one night, the dead Squire acquired his belongings, including a skull mask and old etchings of the area. These etchings fascinate Fanshawe when depicting the abbey he saw through binoculars, but he learns that the abbey was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, so Baxter would not be able to draw sketches, especially since they were signed and dated by Baxter for the recent past so he comes to the conclusion that the binoculars have some special power. That night he has frighteningly vivid dreams, when he wakes up, he goes with binoculars to look closer to the abbey, what surprises him, but is he exposing himself to dangerous danger in this way? Fanshawe is finally trapped in his dangerous obsession, when the darkness falls, the Squire and the searching group go in search of a lost archaeologist, are alerted by dozens of loudly shouting crows circling the Hangman, speeding up, but whether they will be in time to help or save Fanshawe before its destiny? The series of Ghost Story movies for Christmas made by BBC unfortunately ended its first movie in 1978 with The Ice House, they were mostly based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was reborn for a short time and, fortunately, the view from the hill also meant a return to the work of James, whose ghastly letters haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who is a newcomer in this series, could worry fans of older films, but returns to the period abandoned by later films that immediately set the tone of the wonderful Ghost story, its direction is assured when the faithful mood remains and gradually builds the fear factor on a terrifying climax, while keeping what the viewer sees to a minimum, thus raising tension and mystery. The autumn surroundings provide plenty of atmosphere, falling leaves and low lying sun, which is a disturbing background for the upcoming sinister events. I must admit that the cast is great and perfectly captures their roles. The idea of ​​binoculars is simple but very effective, human use makes the object see supernatural beings and events that can not be seen by the naked eye, maybe even influenced Álexa de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006) with the next the year with which striking similarity strikes. I have heard mixed reviews of this particular film, but I must say that I found it all the time alluring and even raised a few hairs on my head and gave me a few thrills, something that does not happen very often, I think any negative attitude towards the film can be assign only to his stimulation, which for me is perfection, but for the contemporary audience will be perceived as deadly slow. A lot of time, even in a short 40 minutes, for character development and story expansion, and I must say that this is my new favorite and certainly one of the better films of the decade.
