The year 2005 brought about three filmed productions of the great novel of H. G. Wells "War of the Worlds". This is probably the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever tried to not only present the story as Wells wrote it, but also to create an atmosphere of time in which it was supposed to take place: the last year of the 19th century, 1900? using the original Wells setting in Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems unfriendly to what they consider to be "spoilers". This may apply to some films where ending may be a surprise, but for one of the most famous novels in the world it seems to be stupid. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the groundbreaking works in English literature, so let's go to the pursuit. The aliens are destroyed by catching an earth disease against which they have no immunity. If it's a spoiler, so be it; after the book and 3 other films (in this classic from 1953) you should know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows Wells' story, is also very cleverly presented? in a way that can discourage many viewers because of ignorance about the late 19th and early 20th century photographs. A film shot in a widescreen format makes the film seem to be contemporary. The general color of the skin and clothes is a sepia shade often found in old photographs (not black). Colors often resemble hand dyeing. Other times the colors are washed away. These variations are typical of early films that did not use standardized celluloid material, and therefore exhibited many changes in print quality, even from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white, and so on. as you will see here sometimes. Special effects are deliberately retrograde, in the type seen even in the 1920s? and yet the Martians and their machines are very similar to those described by Wells and have a more realistic "climate". Some effects are really awkward? such as the destruction of Big Ben. Acting is often more of a style than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of pomade or brilliant in the hair of the head and face. <br /> <br /> This movie is the only one that appears with the original Wells narration? as noted. Viewers may notice that it is worth paying attention to the story details that appear here, and which are sometimes stored in other versions of the story. Description of the Martians in Wells? gigantic head set on numerous tentacles? is effectively presented. When Martian machines appear, about an hour in a movie, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film are doing well in the progress of the Martians from the limited perspective (mainly) of rural England? plus a few scenes in London (with the participation of Brother Narrator). The director is not able to resist showing the destruction of an important landmark (Big Ben), but at least he does not overuse London's devastation. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is not a surprise, despite the destruction of some of their machines by the cannon. The narrator, traveling in search of escape, sees much of what Wells calls "the movement of humanity." He encounters a vicar endowed with Victorian oppression with a much too valuable and nervous personality. In the end, they are on the edge of the Martian nest, where they discover a terrible fact: Martians turn out to be vampires who consume their victim alive on a very effective stage. Wells adds that after eating, they organize "long-lasting and happy hooting". At the end, the narrator must overcome meaningless, increasingly hysterical curates? who comes alive as the Martians pull him to the pantry (shouts from the gallery, the British vicars are so unbearable). <br /> <br /> This film lasts almost 3 hours, going through the Wells story with satisfaction. It is time for the author to receive the payment? in an attractive presentation that has a dramatic impact. A word about acting: Do not expect award-winning performances. They are not bad, but the actors are serious and grow on you. Most of them, however, had a very short film career, often only in this film. The narrator is played by hunky Anthony Piana in his second film. Curate is John Kaufman? also in his second film as an actor, but who had more experience in directing. Brother ("Henderson") is played with certain conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. Artilleryman, the only other big part, plays James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie in general, depicting for the first time the War of the Worlds, as Wells wrote. Despite the small defects it is much better than any of its mesmerizing competitors. If you want to see H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds? and not some completely distorted version of this? see this movie!
