Imagine that you can have everything you want, go anywhere you want, be anything you ever dreamed of - by the very thought. Now imagine that you share this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such powers be worth your soul? This is a dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage", the legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Famously considered "too cerebral" and "too cold" by the NBC team and rejected, "The Cage" was however the most ambitious and expensive pilot in the history of the network at the time, and Gene Roddenberry refused to let everyone's effort and costs go to waste, resulting in a truly classic episode of Star Trek, in which "The Cage" embeds in a frame story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting tale, a breakthrough in television history and one about the first really serious science-fiction stories ever filmed on a small screen ... Star Date 3012: USS Enterprise changes direction on Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from a former Enterprise commander. Surprisingly, the message can not come from Captain Pike, because he is now confined to a wheelchair, mute and terribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Commander Kirk and Starbase Commodore Mendez are trying to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the case is cleared up, Spock - for reasons unknown so far - commits an act of open rebellion, kidnapping helpless Captain Pike and kidnapping the Enterprise thanks to a ingeniously thought-out and planned plan supported by several nerve pliers . Soon the Enterprise is heading towards the distant, forbidden planet Talos IV. Mendez tells Kirk that Talos IV is banned, and any contact with the planet by ships or Starfleet personnel carries an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock seems to deliberately destroy himself, and Kirk, given that the captain will be held liable for the vessel's activities. Surprised, Kirk and Mendez chase the shuttle, which itself becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to pick up connections or raise the unit until power and oxygen disappear. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one who follows the ship - of course is not able to send the captain to a certain death. After ordering the ship's recovery and the arrival of passengers on board, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and demands arrest after he set the ship on an irreversible course to Talos IV. After receiving the order, Kirk asks for an explanation, after which Spock asks for an immediate court martial by the Star Fleet commanders tribunal - three are on board - Mendez, Kirk and crippled invalid Captain Szczupak. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of the Starfleet rules allows him to manipulate the tribunal in order to allow him to provide otherwise unacceptable evidence. Spock presents video footage of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a trip taken 13 years earlier by the Enterprise under Pike. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the film because of its extreme details, but the reality of the presented events is confirmed by Pike himself, who turns out to be lured to Talos IV by calling for help from the alleged survivors of the Federation's research ship that crashed there 18 years before. Among the survivors is Vina, a stunning beauty who is said to have been born just before the catastrophe. The pike is attracted by the girl and allows her to lure him to a secluded place, after which he is extricated and captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with a huge skull volume and power to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After the capture of Pike, the rest of the "survivors" disappeared because none of them really existed except Vina. The episode ends when the tribunal finds out that Spock's "evidence" is actually transferred to the Enterprise directly from Talos IV, in violation of the Starfleet rules. Starfleet orders to stop transmission immediately and we wonder what will happen next ... Continuation of review "Menagerie: part II"!
