It is well known that when Gene Roddenberry first crashed Star Trek on NBC, the original pilot episode, The Cage, was rejected for being "too cerebral". When the series was given another chance, Roddenberry thought it would be nice to fix events from the rejected episode as a canon and did so by writing "Menagerie", which has the unique distinction of being a continuation of what was at that time. unnecessary episode. <br /> <br /> This time, instead of exploring the new planet, Kirk and his crew are in Base 11, visiting former Enterprise Commander Christopher Pike (Sean Kenney), now horribly disfigured and paralyzed due to an accident. Pike joins his spacecraft on the spaceship, where an unpleasant surprise awaits him: Spock, who served under Pike, effectively kidnapped the ship and set a course for Talos IV, a planet that is out of reach (punishment is death) because the last visit of Pike and Spocka 13 years earlier. Naturally, being a logical creature, Spock changes and organizes a court martial so that he can justify his actions. <br /> <br /> There's no need to talk more about the story, because the rest will play in Part 2. What really makes an impression is how Roddenberry creates a connection between The Cage and the rest of the Star Trek universe, inventing a special kind of retrospection (to say that it would be too much) that allows everyone on and off the screen. To see what could have been with Trek, NBC did not reject the original design. In particular, it's nice to see Jeffrey Hunter (who was unable to return to the menagerie) playing Pike as a more serious captain than Kirk and the early days of Nimoy as Spock, whose personality has not yet been fully established: this is only time in the whole a series that Vulcan's favorite of all spontaneously smiles. <br /> <br /> In short, not only a great "mysterious" episode, but also a treat for those who can not imagine The Cage in its original form (it is available as part of a set of boxes for season 3).
