The first and the second part of Menagerie was the only 2-part player during the three-year series of the original Trek series, and that's because Roddenberry was able to put most of the footage from the first pilot "The Cage". This move was made of necessity to overcome the problems with deadlines in the production of episodes (such a show of sf in the 1960s was troublesome to do it on time). The only positive result was that the audience, unaware of the pilot produced almost a few years earlier, was treated to the entire new crew and captain for these two episodes at the top of the usual cast as if the producers have spent double money on these episodes to present an epic television covering a dozen or so years of Starfleet history (although in these early episodes they still used such terms as "United Space Fleet".) <br /> <br /> The story in the initial form begins as a conspiracy of the cosmic secret: The Enterprise is directed to the Star base 11 of unknown Reason and very soon Spock is a suspect in these crazes. Surprisingly, although McCoy thinks that Vulcan Spock's legacy makes the trick impossible, Spock actually leads a rebellious plan to Shanghai our precious space ship and kidnap its former captain, Pike, now horribly crippled. Well, Spock is half human, we usually forget. Or maybe he just went crazy? Perhaps it is good because it directs the Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so inaccessible, it is the subject of the only known death penalty on Starfleet books. When the jig ends, there is a magnificent scene of Spock surrendering to stunned McCoy while Uhura looks shocked. Even Kirk, usually calm as a captain, does not know what to do with the illogical behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final act we start to see transmitted images of the Enterprise mission from 13 years earlier, when Captain Pike commanded, and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where it all happens and what Spock hopes to achieve - and this is another thing that makes it a very good 2-parter - we really have to find out what this is all about. Spock not only faces severe penalties, but Kirk's career seems to be over. Double danger, people. It is also the first television episode in which one of these shuttles is located (none of them were available in the earlier "The Enemy Within" when the craft was really needed). There is also one of those neat matte paintings that capture the atmosphere of a futuristic stellar base - it was the only way to visualize such things. At the end, check out Kirk's contented approach to the beginning of the episode - boy, if everything is going his way when the story develops.
