About her. One more example of "Oireland" and religion. Undoubtedly, we will see depressing nonsense with the participation of "hunky and macho freedom fighters" from the IRA. It was my first reaction when the subtitles started, but just over an hour and a half I was shocked. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem because they are married in a Catholic church, which means that Sheila is a Protestant, but for a wedding to happen, Sheila undertakes that her children will be brought up to Catholics and attend a Catholic school. old enough. The story - which takes place in the 1950s - jumps for a few years when Cloney's daughters start school, but Sheila decided they were attending a local Protestant school, to the disgust of the local priest, Father Stafford. From there everything gets stronger <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and declare that, despite both the Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestant heritage, I grew up as an agnostic and considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. Divided LOVE shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians take on themselves to tell other people what to think and believe. Can I be tempted to say that if Karl Marx saw this film, he would love it and call it a masterpiece? Perhaps I should not, because the drama of this story shows what happens when other people think for you <br /> <br /> In response to a couple of reviewers who claimed that this movie is the propaganda of the worst kind I have claimed, that they know the exact details of what happened in County Wexford and it can not be denied that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as bad guys, but Sheila is not blameless. Think about a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s. Ireland, which undertakes to raise her children as Catholics, then changes her mind and believes that there will be no consequences? This is a warning against making commitments and not keeping them. Not only that, but she disappears to let other people pick up pieces of their destroyed life. There is also something that no one else has discovered, namely that the only form with any kind of moral sense is the former IRA man Andy Bailey who turns out to be gallant, not because he was a former member of the IRA (It changes. We are not talking here ABOUT THE RIGHT DEVIL, but simply because he is an atheist who decided to think about himself <br /> <br /> GREEN LOVE is a great movie that has a lot to say, everything I agree with. If there's any criticism, rather it resembles TVM, not a movie movie, but believe me that I can live with it and it is very important for anyone who believes that religion is the opium of the masses.
