I have never been disappointed that I am astounded and terrified by the evil that has taken place in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in Ireland in the twentieth century are located near the summit - given the wisdom of history and modern times should have some sobering effect. <br /> <br /> Love is divided into the history of a real family covered in ignorant intolerance and prejudice, all in the name of the irrelevant doctrine of the Church. At the beginning of the movie, we have a view of bucolic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married to two small children. Sean is a Catholic, and Sheila is a Protestant, but she has no qualms about being raised as a Catholic. There is no sign of reluctance between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships are soon broken when she expresses the desire that their older child attend Protestant school. The local priest assumes the prohibition of this "sin" and soon has Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village facing her, as well as her father, a local dairy farmer. In the act of rebellion and desperation Sheila kidnaps two daughters and flees from the neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Particularly noteworthy is Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. It gives an incredibly powerful performance in which the viewer is drawn into an emotional trauma, in which he decides to reject the wishes of a husband whom he loves deeply to express his ardent desire to become independent from the pressures of the establishment. Equally important is Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, because it gives a realistic portrait of a man who is not as complicated as his wife, torn between love for her and the influence of the Church and the community. <br /> <br /> If fiction, this movie would be an interesting and interesting drama. Given that this is true, it changes into a terrifying tragedy. In real life, people and the village never recovered after the events that took place there. It took almost half a century for the church to acknowledge its negative role in these events, and even though Sheila and Sean lived their lives in this area, they never completely recovered from what religious leaders and their people did. . <br/> <br/> Regardless of whether you are denied basic education rights by choice, breaking up aircraft for buildings, subordinating women, condemning entire races, or simply torture and murder, we, people, certainly have the possibility of using religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
