It would require the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare to do justice to this outstanding film performance. Nevertheless, I will give my best. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Hamlet adaptations, this one is a better starting point than all other versions, because it covers the whole game. However, this is not a guarantee of a good movie or even a good one. Usually I'm not too busy with films that are too long, and the trend that seems to dominate Hollywood today, namely that movies should have at least two hours, preferably three, one that I hope will not last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive searches and come in handy with some cuts. Making a four-hour movie and keeping it in business is not a small undertaking, but Kenneth Branagh pulls him away from him. He managed to make a very long film that seems to be nothing more than just a movie. I was completely absorbed from the beginning to the end. <br /> <br /> The cast is excellent with Kenneth Branagh as a tormented prince, giving a strong and unforgettable performance. He manages to convey his feelings perfectly through his voice and you do not need to be an expert on Shakespeare's verse to capture the many emotions that are happening in him. I must say that Kate Winslet was a positive surprise. I did not know what to expect. I've always liked her as an actor, but I was not sure she could play Shakespeare. Well, she certainly eliminated all doubts with her performance. She is the best Ophelia I have ever seen and lent this depth to the character and she was simply wonderful. Other great performances include Derek Jacobi as Klaudiusz, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio, just to name a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used several well-known stars to play smaller roles; I especially liked the sparring between Hamlet and the gravedigger played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> Setting the art in the nineteenth century gives a welcome change in the usually grim gothic settings. It is much lighter than the other versions I've seen, more colorful and sumptuous, but it does not divert attention from the tragedy of the game. It is unique, stylish and pleasant in terms of aesthetics, while being an unquestionable pleasure for the eye and other senses. The music of Patrick Doyle is always magical and tuned to the film. A deep sense of satisfaction can be felt only after seeing this. I am shocked and terrified that this wonderful work of art did not win the Academy Award for the best picture, especially since it was not even nominated. This year there is no better movie or any other year. It's as close to perfection as you can hope. <br /> <br /> In summary, the stunning work of pure genius and I do not see how anyone could achieve it. My hat is for you, Mr. Branagh.
