William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his art. This is not only the best version of the film, but also the only full version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is simply brilliant. Not only because he was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do the whole thing, even if it took more than four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his conspiracy to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of this story. I will tell you, however, that the best part of this version of Hamlet are not breathtaking sets or stunning photography, but interpretations of the actors of each character. I doubt if you'll find a better Polonius than a delicious portrait of Richard Briers. Plus, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. Also Derek Jacobi, regular among Shakespeare adaptations, is wonderful as Hamlet's antagonist. <br /> <br /> Of course we have to talk about Kenneth Branagh. He delighted the audience when he appeared on stage for the first time with Shakespeare, Henry V. He surpasses himself with Hamlet. Of course, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is great. When you watch it on the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted to play the role. This, as he was not nominated for the Oscar, is a complete mystery. At least the film has received several nominations and even a strange choice of scenario. I think, however, that they know good writing when they see it. <br /> <br /> In total, you'll never find a more rich and sumptuous production of Bard's best game. To say that the technical aspects were amazing would be an understatement. If you love this art and you're a fan of Shakespeare, you definitely need to check out this movie. Even if you do not care for Shakespeare, visualizations will allow you to take the entire duration of the movie. You may not think that you will be able to sit all the time, but soon you will find that stopping this movie will make you want to see it even more.
