Many people do not think that Branagh Hamlet's film is so good, but I must admit that I think it's great. Like almost all Shakespeare productions, he has problems and he had to make difficult choices, which are not all that work. For example, the "secret door everywhere" just does not work. This element never achieves a sinister feeling of metaphor or analogy that it attempts to make, which makes the game too blatant and loses its characteristic sense of a thousand mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And although this is a big problem, I am also inclined to say that this is the only problem. Almost everything else works absolutely beautiful. Okay, so Branagh is too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a bit forced. And sometimes it becomes too hysterical. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these errors, I think that this version is a breakthrough, and if it is not such a powerful drama as it should be, then in any case literary work should be just as strong. We get a complete text of the longest version of the game, innovatively and costly put on the screen, usually spoken in perfect and modern and understandable voices - even if they sometimes speak too quickly to get huge text. But in Shakespeare's staging, you simply can not speak slowly enough that the audience really appreciate the full depth of the language. To do this, delve into the printed versions of the pieces. <br /> <br /> All actors of this version are simply hypnotic and completely and immediately classical (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best in history, and even American actors are amazing, especially. Charlton Heston as the Player King - who would have thought that ?! (It tells the story that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when the critic in the first row could not stand his chomikowania and said loudly: "This is awful!", Heston reportedly replied straight from the scene: "Well, I did not write this shit! "Of course, this may not be true, but it's a funny story - and if it is, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams as" Young Ozric "is perhaps not young enough for this role, but it makes her comical, which is justified. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a very well produced version, because most of the key scenes are in my opinion, unforgettable. Obviously, I watched the movie as I became interested in Shakespeare (and more or less at the same time as the mighty Romeo + Julia Luhrmann), and it made a great impression on me, which must explain some of my fondness for him. All things considered, I must say that Branagh's Hamlet is my favorite, with the version of Derek Jacobi from the 1980 BBC per second. I probably like Shakespeare Branagh more than most, finding an expert in interpretation and popularizer, with an attractive free approach to words and a deep and shamelessly enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's action the two brightest luminaries remain Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is the best actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare from the pedestal of snobbery and artificiality and transforms him into a charismatic, easy, populist world, while compromising none of his dignity. Branagh, I think, brings out the more real Shakespeare than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> And yes, 10 by 10 for absolutely huge Hamlet.
