When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not help thinking about ending the SENSITIVE FORTUNE, where Bette Midler puts off art because of his indecision and says, "Give me Romeo every day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether to kill his uncle or not? It seemed to be an exaggeration. But after further reading I really appreciated the game. I've seen film versions of Olivier and Gibson (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), and all of them take their model from Olivier; melancholy Dane. At least Olivier did it without indulgence, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, looked as if they were going to "Look, mom, I'm behaving! school. <br/> <br /> Now comes the Kenneth Branagh version that will take your breath away from beginning to end. She finished # 2 on my first ten of 1996 (for the English PACJENT, and before LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS and LIES, EVERYONE SAYS THAT I LOVE YOU, FLOATING WITH FAILURE, BIG NIGHT AND LOOKING FOR A RICHARD) and this is the best Hamlet or maybe the best Shakespeare filmed on the film. Of course, Branagh's talent as a filmmaker, for creating a full-length version, in a 70mm print and not losing interest for four hours, is great, but what seems to be missing in the discussions about this film is his performance in the title role. It was my favorite performance of the year. Branagh avoids the melodrama in which the actors seem to fall into a trap, playing Hamlet as a normal, regular human being, and makes us understand his actions and feelings at every step. And unlike Olivier, who relied heavily on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions that Hamlet is going through, but because he plays it as usual, none of this seems to be chewing the scenery. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also at the highest level. It did not bother me even Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising was Charlton Heston; I have always considered him as stiff as a board, but he is quite imperious as the King of the Player. Another big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I considered him the wrong one as the first undertaker, but he was his usual amusing character, being in character. All in all a great movie!
