It was the second of the two filmed "Hamlets" from the nineties, the first of them was Franco Zeffirelli, with Mel Gibson from 1990. The Zeffirelli version, like Laurence Olivier in 1948, was based on a shortened version of art, with a lot of Shakespeare original text being cut. (I have never seen the version of Tony Richardson in 1969, but since it lasted less than two hours, even shorter than Zeffirelli, I suppose it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh tried something a lot more ambitious - a movie based on the full text of the game, with a running time of about four hours. <br /> <br /> Thanks to his "Henry V", Branagh took Olivier's crown as the leading Shakespeare cinema, confirming his claim with his brilliant "Much Ado about Nothing", a rare example of a great movie based on Shakespeare's comedy. "Hamlet" was his third film Shakespeare as a director (he also acted as Iago in "Othello" by Oliver Parker from 1995) and, as you might expect, is very different from "Much Ado ??". An earlier film, filmed in a villa in the Tuscan hills and beautiful surroundings, is a joyful summer movie about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", in contrast to this depth of winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought about the action taking place in the summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, both sumptuous and cool. He was filmed at the Blenheim Palace, probably the most splendid home in England, but also quite dangerous. The snowy outdoor scenes are cold and winter; formal and sophisticated interior. The action was updated until the mid-nineteenth century; female characters wear elaborate fashions from that era, while the main men wear above all magnificent military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, in which both the interior and the costumes were deliberately subdued in tone). Art is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention could be to contrast the great surface with the basis of "something broken in the state of Denmark." <br /> <br /> The film is known for its large number of famous actors, some of which are very minor roles. (Blink and you can miss John Gieldguda or Judi Dench). It seems that the production company required a cast of a star who was upset by a four-hour movie. Some of the imported Hollywood stars such as Osric Robin Williams did not really work out, but others, like Charlton Heston Player King or Billy Crystal's First Gravedigger, played their parts very well. Yorick, usually seen only as a skull, is seen in flashback by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, is cast against the type as a ghost and makes scenes in which he seems really frightening. <br /> <br /> Of the main heroes, perhaps the weakest was Ofelia Kate Winslet. Branagh's main girlfriend in his first two Shakespeare movies was his then-wife, Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I wanted Thompson to be cast in this role; although Winslet appeared in her crazy scenes of Ophelia, she seemed weak in earlier, where her figure is still healthy. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in the Zeffirelli version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with greater dignity than he is often given, a wise and experienced adviser, not an old fool. Julie Christie also brings dignity to the role of Gertrude; there is no trial here, as it was with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, suggesting incestuous attachment between her and Hamlet. (Interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is so big that they are credible as a mother and son, which certainly did not happen with Close and Gibson. (Olivier's Gertrude, Eileen Herlie was, oddly enough, thirteen years younger than him). <br /> <br /> Branagh said that his intention to restore the scenes often cut out in film versions was "to strengthen the idea that the game concerns both national and home tragedy. "A lot of emphasis is put on the war against Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras - a thread completely ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on the national tragedy is probably best shown in the form of Claudius, sometimes played as a one-dimensional villain. There is something in Derek Jacobi's performance, which suggests that Claudius could have been a good man in different circumstances, but that he let himself be seduced by ambition and lust. He could be a good and loyal servant of his brother, but he decided to rule as a bad king. Although he is tormented by guilt, he sees no way to compensate for the evil he has done. <br /> <br /> Branagh, the wonderfully expert speaker of Shakespeare's poem, is great in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for Hamlet's old concept of being hesitant, passive and melancholy. He is an active, physical, energetic Hamlet, something best shown in his deadly duel with Laertes. His guiding principle is not the despair tired of the world, but an active disgust for evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> Branagh risked a four-hour epic, and the film did not go well with the box office. However, this has been appreciated by many critics, especially James Berardinelli. In my opinion, regardless of financial gain, Branagh's gamble paid off in artistic terms. Focusing on the full text, he was able to bring out the full meaning and full emotional power of the most complex Shakespeare game. When I reviewed his "Much Ado ??", I said it was the biggest movie of Shakespeare's comedy. His "Hamlet" can simply be the biggest movie of Shakespeare's tragedy. 10/10
