The great epic, which is the monumental interpretation of Kenneth Branagh, which is probably the most popular tragedy of William Shakespeare, suffers under the weight of a four-hour game and certainly takes some real strength. Two completely separate sessions will probably be better to fully appreciate what is certainly a high-end film production. Although I absolutely recognize this masterpiece as such, I must admit to lack of enthusiasm for the old extravagance of bards, its rhetoric (and it sends itself so well) and its many blossoms. In this way, "Hamlet" loses its influence because it loses grip. <br /> <br /> From the music of Patrick Doyle to the photos of Alex Thomson to the exquisite sets of Tim Harvey, the film is a feast of visual and sonic pleasures that complement the fine cast. Branagh took care of three huge fireplaces, adjusting, directing and playing. His adaptation is great, his direction is strong, but before he came to the role of Hamlet, it seemed that the tension was showing; nevertheless he does a great job in a role that is extremely susceptible. Derek Jacobi is happy to devour the sinister Claudius, and Julie Christie is as dramatic as his queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is wonderful like Polonius, and Charlton Heston once again has a strong influence on the screen as King King. Many others fall in, including Jack Lemmon (excellent in a very small role), Billy Crystal, Dame Judi Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. However, the acting award must go to one of the great discoveries of thespian of recent years, Kate Winslet. It is a moving performance of the most tragic character in all this affair, Ophelia. <br /> <br /> To finish (before this review will last longer than the movie), I have to say that it is the length that really checks the viewer in this movie. Branagh directed the goals, giving many important, influential scenes. Too many of them are ahead of their welcome. Watching this movie is a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we have received from him. "Neither the lender nor the borrower will be" or "be true to yourself". And of course: "To be or not to be." <br /> <br /> Two opening hours require a certain perseverance, but if you manage to stay in touch, you will definitely be treated as a thrilling final which is gathering momentum after a tragic funeral. <br /> <br /> Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
