The image of film studios financially driven instead of creatively is not deprived of the truth (in fact it is more true than false). The question is, why Castle Rock Entertainment has let Kenneth Branagh create a feature-length, extraordinary version of "Hamlet" with its full creative control among others. Of course, Branagh had to agree to some concessions (a star cast and a 2.5-hour version to a wider edition), but why would a movie studio let Branagh spend money on a 4-hour version that they knew few would see? Could they have, at least in this case, sufficient respect for Branagh's material and vision to create something for several people? This is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, it's a great vision for those who want to spend four hours watching "Hamlet." Everyone knows this story, so I will not spend too much time on it. However, unlike other art productions, at this stage, it is a completely unprocessed production that has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended to produce art without cutting, leaving a decision on what to include in the director's recognition. With that in mind, I have no doubt that if he could see this, Bard would be delighted with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The movie is very heavy with movie stars, although most have only a little Part. They all play their parts equally well. I would think that Branagh is too old to play the role of Hamlet, and although it may be, his performance is making up for it. Hamlet is a complex part, showing every emotion from grief to anger, happiness to madness and everything in between. Branagh nailed him. Derek Jacobi is wonderful as a devious Claudius whose cheating and betrayal trigger all these things; his unique voice is perfect for this role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the caring mother of Hamlet, who is unaware of what is going on until the late game. <br /> <br /> The classic actors are cast in pieces (Judi Dench is on all 60 seconds and there are no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, no one takes it to heart; everyone gives it all and it shows. Particularly noteworthy is Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a bit too stupid, but he is not bad (his part is still quite small). <br /> <br /> This is undeniably Branagh's show. He adapted one of the most famous plays in history, making it a whale of a project; impressive that he managed to do it, but the fact that the film is so good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a Shakespeare scholar to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is difficult to digest, but Branagh and his cast understand that. "Hamlet" is still very pleasant when it just sits and listens to actors, providing excellent dialogue and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> This is mandatory for everyone. It can last four hours, but it's definitely worth it.
