First of all, what I did not like. Acting was not really compatible with Hamlet's standard. Branagh was really exaggerated, mainly shouting. In my opinion, those actors who were not famous stars usually did a better job; but with the exception of Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston too, but I was not sure if he was playing a hack.) Many ambiguities in the game were clearly resolved in one way in retrospection. <br /> <br /> What do I think that says a lot in this play that it is available. Shakespeare is difficult to understand for most people nowadays; many people are not even willing to try because of their reputation for Serious Literature and its archaic English. If they see this film, they will understand at least one interpretation of art by a human being. They will see it more, as seen by Shakespeare's audience: playing with fights and battles for swords, as well as powerful kings and nobles, murders, incest and evil plans and ghosts - and great art if you care for it, but on Most Shakespeare days it was not bigger than most people. Branagh's excessive influence and forcing him to interpret the tales on the viewer may somewhat discourage Shakespeare's play, but it's better that the modern audience get a piece and not anything. <br /> <br /> And 'I have to say one more thing. Some people complain that "it is set in the nineteenth century and it was not the time of Shakespeare." Well, in Shakespeare's time, their costume and scenery were the same day for all of their plays. Shakespeare could have said that it was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark, or anything else, but he did not dress his heroes like them, he used the costumes of his time. For the same reason, his plays are full of anachronisms. For example, King John the English and the French have cannons - in the times of Robin Hood. In Julius, Caesar talks about chimneys that would not have been invented for another thousand years, and in Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, who was not born yet. So I think that this objection is stupid - you might as well complain that the game is not in Danish (after all, they live in Denmark, right?).
