While still in school and almost constantly learning Shakespeare for the last four years (which is very discouraging for any writer, no matter how good), I did not really expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher is on; I thought it would be a typical English movie of the lesson: bad acting, horribly filmed, badly assembled and terrifying horrible old dialogue, so, as you can say, I was almost ready to go into a coma. However, I watched and to my anxiety I not only considered, but also enjoyed the movie. This Hamlet production is probably one of the best dramatic movies I've seen in a long time - and it really animates what I think Shakespeare wanted his plays to be (well, with the difference that it's a movie) much better than my an English teacher who had the opportunity to read the text could do so. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with unexpected grace that is far from boring (though a bit difficult if you're not used to the Shakespeare language), and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill you would not like to wait for; mainly because of the staggering number of scenes that this movie has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as wonderful as one would expect of these two veterans, even in such small parts, but it's Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the undertaker really stand out, giving such tiny parts unexpected pleasure, and offering comical relief in the midst of tragedy. <br /> <br /> Of course, the main stars are also great. Kenneth Branagh stands out as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain required for the role, but also the kind of sardonic air that plays beautifully in comic scenes, making the film as a whole more visible. The other main players are also good, but Kenneth Branagh stands above the rest in the title role. <br /> <br /> Also sets are quite stunning, giving a refreshing change to the horrible old corridors of the castle, to which we are used to in Shakespeare's productions, as well as the true sense of the surrounding country. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie as a standalone movie is not without errors, but not without errors (stimulation is the only real problem that I can think of right away, as well as prose for anyone who has not got used to it, as I said, to the Shakespearean language), and especially compared to the type of Shakespeare productions I'm used to in class, it's really genius. It even made me think about my previous teenager's typical attitude about Shakespeare that his plays are boring (I came to the conclusion that they are not boring arts, only teachers who recite them in class). If only they would do all their games with films like this, English students in schools around the world can have a higher opinion about Bardo. <br /> <br /> Generally 7/10
