What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh undertook and how well it was realized! This is the first filmed version of "Hamlet" that uses the full text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not do it just because "there was". His intention was, I think, to make the game accessible and understandable for the general viewer, let alone fool it. In return, he asks viewers to put in a little work, an honest proposition and one that is an opportunity. <br /> <br /> The set design is pan-European and has more than just a good job. a modern or ancient look that can distract you from the work itself. Production design and photos and both outstanding, which helps a lot when you watch a four-hour movie. Branagh's cast is once again inspired, and acting is similar. The direction carries out the hard task of creating a movie, not a luxurious version of the game. Because so many "Hamlets" are based on an internal monologue and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc. It can be a difficult task. But everything Branagh is trying to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / scriptwriters / directors, if not always the best, because he made a big plus with "Henry V." One question I had with him was what I saw as a trend to stoke it sometimes. In his presentation, Hamlet may be re-accused, but there is a method at work. Let's face it, "Hamlet" is not an easy task for the average person to understand and if someone has never seen him before, he needs help, even if he has read the game. Hamlet has the most poems of any Shakespearean character, and Branagh makes sure that his viewers know what he thinks and feels throughout the movie, even if you do not know the literal meaning of each secret word. This Branagh performance was at least worth an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other great shows here that they are too numerous to list, but some of them have to be confirmed. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is wonderful, but even he takes the back seat of Kate Winslet when it comes to giving praise. Her portrait of Ophelia is amazing in the depth of her feelings, only more prominent in the knowledge that she was about 20 years old! It looks like the best young actress. Other great performers in no particular order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. An award for Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who successfully manage to make their own here. Even Billy Crystal works as a gravedigger. The only cast member who is inexplicably not Jack Lemmon. He appears on the opening stage, and while the other three actors do a great job in determining the tense mood, Lemmon sounds like he just ran on trials as a favor. You know, it must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, because everything else in the movies screams that it's the perfectionist's work. <br /> <br /> Not to be joking when we talk about a four-hour movie, but it seems a bit too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to continue, if I can be so brave, and some prudent pruning would be appreciated. <br /> <br /> Have I forgotten anything other than the result of Patrick Doyle? No doubt yes. I conclude by saying that Kenneth Branagh was able to create the final movie version of "Hamlet" and it will be a truly monumental production that will be at the top of it.
