Moonchild is a very difficult to categorize movie. The easiest way is to think about it as a few snapshots of the life of the two main heroes. The fact that these characters are members of street gangs taking place in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire, does not exclude them having such moments as other people, and this is one of the places where this film differs from everything I've ever heard about. This is not due to the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something to deal with, like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks that are supposed to look great, but they just do not work, which leaves the film with a beautiful sense that it mostly does not take itself too seriously. > <br /> Another area that really sets me apart is languages. The fictional city of Mallepa contains various cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they expect. Members of the Japanese gang speak Japanese, but speak Chinese in Chinese characters. Probably the most fun exchange concerns the Australian and is conducted in English. Actors of the four main characters have three separate mother tongues and speak different levels of other languages, so it is a real feat that the film was made at all. Which, I think, brings me to the main actors. <br /> <br /> Much has been made of the fact that the film is played by the two greatest Japanese rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as the Taiwanese superstar Lee-hom Wang, whether it is praising them for their action, or criticizing, or just fangirl about them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is playing a simple and realistic character. However, the lack of acting skills in the Gackta part is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is too dramatic. I was not sure if Hyde's character was going to be as bleak and sarcastic as it appeared, but it does not really diminish the movie. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that have rather melodramatic curves, which made it difficult for them to influence me emotionally (although it does not seem to stop many people). I think it's best to just enjoy the movie of what it is and not take it too seriously. It's perfect for going out and watching with a group of friends. It has its drawbacks, but overall it was very nice and I highly recommend it to anyone who does not mind a few subtitles.
