The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi is to leave Poe and the kingdom of the science fiction series. Karloff plays dr. Janos Rukha, creator of the device, which can capture light rays through a telescope in the Carpathians and translate them into images that make up the visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> In front of several guests, including Lugosi as Dr. Benet, an astro-chemist who previously scoffed at Rukh's theory, demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, referred to here as "Radem X" contained in a meteor that fell on Earth in the darkest Africa several thousand years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a complicated relationship - he leveles the mountains on a long-range and heals blindness at short distances. Rukh, however, is careless and poisoning, shining in the dark rather like these old Ready Breck ads! Dr. Benet is on hand to counteract radiation, but combining poison and medication makes Rukh extremely paranoid. Convinced that he has been deceived, he is looking for members of the expedition to Paris, including his wife, and his touch in the radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> On the way, we get the old pseudoscientific idea that the eyes of a dead person register the image of their killer (extremely pronounced Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically melt the statues representing the members of the expedition. And even a bit of James Whale at the cockney housekeeper in Paris! <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray is great fun, apart from the gothic opening, it is interesting that Universal moves the action to Africa and Paris. The film does not have the pace, but it is always absorbing. Karloff is exaggerating with his performance, but Lugosi is wonderful. Universal used the basic outline of history in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. Invisible Ray is a grim and clever movie that you can admire. Maybe not as famous as other Universal Horrors, but it works and is very funny.
