Horrory Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be a sufficient reason for any fan of the genre to watch the movie, and although the most convincing is not the only reason to watch this little gem Sci-Fi / Horror. While "The Invisible Ray" from 1936 by Lambert Hillyer does not share the splendor of other contemporary films with Karloff ("Frankenstein," "Bride Of Frankenstein", "The Mummy", ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie", "Island" Of The Lost Souls "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven ", ...), is undoubtedly a very entertaining movie that no fan of iconic cinema should consider Compared to other Universal Horror movies, the plot seems a little stupid, but in a delightful way: Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film also benefits from great scenery and excellent photography. Janos Rukh, a genius scientist who invented the technique looking into the past with a telescope and learns that the meteor hit the ground thousands of years ago, stunned by the invention of Rukh, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), invites him to join Rukh is making a discovery that is capable of causing great charity and great destruction ... It's quite strange that Karloff, who was in fact British, plays here a Hungarian scientist, while Lugosi, who was a Hungarian, he plays a French scientist, but they are both perfect as usual. As far as I am concerned, these two Deity Horrors could probably have been filmed by reading the telephone book, and I am sure they would do something about it - either the man is an icon of the Horror genre, and their common vision is a feast for every fan of the genre. Incidentally, this is one of the few films, if not the only one in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually taller than Karloff. Frances Drake creates a very good woman as the beautiful young wife of Dr. Rukh. The rest of performances are also good, if not particularly worth mentioning. In addition to the cast of Karloff and Lugosi, the biggest advantage of the film is probably the atmosphere because of the great settings and photography, as well as a wonderfully tacky and very funny storyline. My main complaint is that I would like to have more time for Lugosi, and his role would have a slightly greater significance. He is fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more ominous. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully funny movie that should please every fan of the classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema and necessarily see for all my fans Lugosy / Karloff.
