The story of Ned Kelly has been covered by myth and exaggeration in time, and this film is no exception. What gives Ned Kelly a permanent place in history is the effort he went to even hunt the policemen. During several battles he marched on plates of beaten iron, which bullets available to the police at that time flawlessly reflected. Indeed, it was only because there were some bright sparks among the Victorian police who noticed that he had not dropped his feet, he was captured and hanged. History has been told in Australian schools and stories for so long that some historical permutations, ironically, become boring. The more stories they try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention to it. <br /> <br /> This is where the adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about the legend of Kelly, is great. Instead of trying to introduce Ned Kelly, who is as insensitive as the armor he wore, the film quickly sets him as a human being. Indeed, the reversal of a popular legend, showing the corruption of the Victorian police and the unstable situation of the colonists, goes a long way to make this film stand out from the crowd. Here Ned Kelly is just a man living in a time and a place where, to be convicted of murder, you just have to be the nearest person to the corpse when a policeman found him. No, I do not invent it. The only area in which the film wanders is the exaggeration of the Irish and English mentality of battles. While Kelly's gang was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where the population of wildly diverse ethnic groups was almost seamlessly connected (a scene with some Chinese migrants emphasizes this). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger is doing an amazing job of impersonating the best-known outlaw from Australia. Only because of the fame he has found in other movies, the audience realizes he is watching Ledger, not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom finally found a role in which he did not get lost completely without his bow, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as the leader of the police contingent in Glenrowan shows why he is one of the most respected actors on this abandoned little island state. But Naomi Watts appears as Julia Cook, who has some nice work in this movie. Although the movie basically suggests that Cook was actually a woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you would not know about it for the minimum time on the screen she gets here. Indeed, many of the one hundred and ten minutes of the film seem more lyophilized than exploratory. After determining the element of police corruption, film rockets go so fast that they almost feel hasty. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the strengths of the movie are not used. Rush barely gets more time on the screen than his name in the opening and closing credits. Same as with Watts, and the rest of the cast falls a bit like mannequins. I can only say that another fifteen or even thirty minutes of recording could fix it. But this leads to another problem, because the lack of any depth or background for heroes other than the titular hero leaves events of history without influence. One scene copes well with the creation of speech, but unfortunately, after a while, it becomes a collage of moments without connections. If one were to believe the impression that this film was made, the matter of weeks or even days elapses between the moment in which Ned Kelly becomes a sought-for man, such as one corrupt policeman and the infamous Glenrowan shooting. Annoyingly, the process and execution of Ned Kelly is not even described here, it simply refers to the subtitles before writing the subtitles. <br /> <br /> He said that, apart from some trembling work on the cameras, Ned Kelly manages to visualize exciting shootings and has a good start. For this reason, I rated him seven out of ten. Other critics were not so nice, so if you are not impressed by the shootings with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than full colonial armor?), It would be better to look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more matter-of-fact description of Ned Kelly's life.
