Okay, pay attention to the people who make up these legends about acting games. DVD collections: I am really grateful and I am very supportive of the initiative, but ?? Did you even watch movies before choosing them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supportive and irrelevant role ("Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray" is, however, part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here is Boris Karloff, who overtakes Bela! That would be a great title for Boris Karloff's collection! The character of Bela Lugosi is probably the most good-natured and serious hero he has ever presented in his entire career, and good old Karloff is playing a crazy and dangerously obsessive scientist here. "The Invisible Ray" contains three main chapters. The first, Janos Rukh, set in the Carpathian castle, is quite boring and requires a lot of patience from the viewer, but of course the characters' drawings and topic discussed here are of fundamental importance for the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to several outstanding colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as dr Benet), how he managed to capture the extraterrestrial rays inside the device he produced. Scientists are impressed by his work and invite Rukh and his lovely wife Diane to travel to the heart of Africa. There Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the necessary element of "Radium X" to complete his medical radius and goes completely mad after scanning the meteorite itself. The third and final act is of course the best and the most frightening, because it revolves around old, deadly madness with ingenious tricks (melting statues) and a surprising culmination. Karloff shines in the dark and, convinced that others want to steal his discovery and even his life, he intends to eliminate it by means of mortal touch. The narrative structure of The Invisible Ray sounds quite complicated, but the movie is easy to follow and entertaining. The story is rather strenuous, but still convincing and director Lambert Hillyer provides a few moments of pure tension. Boris Karloff is really fantastic, just like Lugosi, although he deserved a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together are the main moments of the film, together with the funky images of the glowing Boris.
