Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but overall (interestingly) Karloff is usually a better one. The real exception is "Black Cat" (1934), in which Karloff plays the evil head of devilish worship, and Lugosi seeks revenge on him for destroying his life. But more typical is "Black Friday", where (regardless of its motive) Karloff tries to improve the brain surgery, while Lugosi is a murderous bandit. In "The Raven", Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmail Karloff to help him with bad plans until he has enough. They are rarely completely negative. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception in which both of them are very nice, but for each other, is a 1936 movie that I feel that the audience rarely accepted some of the other films I mentioned. In it, Dr. Janos Rukh of Karloff is a tough scientific genius who has been mocked by the "official scientific community" for his theory that Radu's rare form is in Nigeria on a meteorite that landed centuries ago. In the end, he gained the support of the well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and has another scientist, Frenchman, Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), young wife Rukha, Diane (Frances Drake) and Stevens' friend and protege, they called Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before leaving Rukh, his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) warns that he is probably looking for wisdom that should not and can end in tragedy. He tries to reject it, but he is worried about what he says, his scientific position, and whether he will receive the reward he owes. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds a substance but is infected by unusual radioactivity. He discovers that he is slowly burning, and if he tries to touch people or animals, he dies. In fact, he built a friendship or an agreement with Benet, who discovered a type of radioactive battle cocktail that Rukh could use to counteract the dangers. But there are two things that are unbeatable here. The antidote can last only for a limited time and must be supplemented. And radioactivity influenced Rukh's brain. He is more and more jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is equally upset (because of the need to pretend that he died - the effects of radioactivity are so) Benet and a few others collect miracles, which "Radium X" gives to man. Soon, Rukh is on a murderous madness that destroys many lives, ending with its own. <br /> <br /> The film certainly took up learning to a certain extent. Madame Curie recently died of cancer that she got thanks to working with Rad. Few have fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, But some idea of ​​this arose. The wave of Rukh's murders causes the newspapers to talk about the "curse" of the expedition. Of course, with a view to the "accursed" expedition (on the African continent) of a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by a titled Englishman, we entered archeology, not physics or geology (recall of Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to resolve the cause of death and returns to an idea that was actually torn down in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered that the retina of several dead victims be photographed to see if the last image on the volleyball was Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he only has pictures of retiring prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Julius Verne used it in his novel "Brothers Kip" in 1899 and here Dr. Benet uses it. Because it's a science fiction story, he finds a picture of Rukh on his plate, but Benet accidentally drops the record and falls apart. <br /> <br /> The film is good for many reasons, the most interesting, that for the change Karloff and Lugosi are not unpleasant to themselves. In this story there is a kind of tragic fatalism that is lacking in other films. Other performances are also good, especially Mrs. Kemble Cooper. She best remembers her as the terrifying sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield." Here her last act is the only way to end this tragedy and who can say that it did not hurt her more than her purpose.
