There is no doubt that in the decade of the 1930s the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a guarantee of excellent performances in high-quality horror movies. After becoming the "first monster" Universal in the breakthrough classic "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became the quintessential horror villain thanks to his elegant style and foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor caused that in the 1940s he was cast). ). In the same way, the performance of Boris Karloff in James Whale's "Frankenstein" transformed him into a man who must be sought when someone wants a good monster. Of course, it was natural that these icons ended with screen sharing, and the movie that connected them was the "Black Cat" from 1934. This formula would be repeated in several films over the decade, and the mix of horror and science fiction by director Lambert Hillyer, "The Invisible Ray" is another of the small classics they did in those years. <br /> <br /> In "The Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device capable of showing scenes from the past of our planet captured in the rays of light coming from the Andromeda galaxy. Showing his invention to colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), they discover that thousands of years ago in what is now in Nigeria, hit a meteor. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues during a trip to Africa, looking for a landing place for a mysterious meteor. This expedition will not bring any benefits to Rukh, because during the expedition his wife, Diane (Frances Drake), will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), a well-known hunter brought by Stevens to help them with the expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife during this trip, because he will be changed forever after being exposed to an invisible meteor beam. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously wrote the script for "Werewolf of London"), "The Invisible Ray" has its roots in the original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Given that it was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of stress on the horror of his story, playing in a very effective way with the archetype of a mad scientist and adding a good dose of melodrama to spice up everything. One of the elements that makes The Invisible Ray stand out from the other horrors of that era is the way Colton plays morality through history. This means that in the classic style there are not exactly heroes and villains, but people who make decisions and then face the consequences of these choices. In many respects "The Invisible Ray" is a contemporary tragedy about obsessions, feelings of guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> Experienced director of low-budget B movies, director Lambert Hillyer had the chance to make three films for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio struggled with serious financial problems. Thanks to experience in working with limited resources, Hillyer movies have always been very good looking despite budget constraints, and the "Invisible ray" was no exception. Although there is not a stylish gothic atmosphere of previous universal horror movies, Hillyer effectively captures the essence of Colton's scenario because it gives the film a dark and morbid mood more in tone with cellulose novels than in direct science fiction. At the end, you need to say a word about the use of special effects by Hillyer: in the case of an extremely low-budget film, they look much better than those in several A-era films. <br /> <br /> As usual in the film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of this legend have extraordinary quality. As the hero of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in presenting a man so blinded by the devotion of his work that he does not see the evil that triggers. As his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, stealing every scene in which he finds himself and showing who the actor was underestimated. As Rukha's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, she really helps her character to become more than a lady in danger. The two most important events in the film are Kemble Cooper's appearances as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, because the two actresses use their limited time on screen to create unforgettable supporting roles. Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but no wonder compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If you rate this movie according to today's standards, you can easily reject it as another cheap science fiction movie with bad special effects and careless mixing up of pseudoscience. It would be a mistake, however, because despite the low budget, it is exceptionally well done for its time. Moreover, given the fact that the film was made when the nuclear era was about to begin, and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, its ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are frighteningly accurate. The last thing worth emphasizing is the interesting way in which the script deals with the relationship between characters, especially friendship and competition between obsessive Dr. Rukhem and cold dr Benet, because it allows for great scenes between two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> Though nowhere near the gothic expressionism of the Frankenstein movies, nor the elegant tension of the "Black Cat", Lambert Hillyer "The Invisible Ray" is definitely a small classic among the Universal Pictures catalog. horror movies. With one of the most interesting scenes of the horror of the 1930s, this mix of suspense, horror and science fiction is one of the most underestimated gems that even now provides a good dose of entertainment thanks to two of the most amazing horror genres ever: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi . 8/10
