I'm sure few people outside of Australia have heard about the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about this man, but this is the only time I've seen or heard anything about him. And I think that this may be the biggest problem that this film will have to face. Nobody knows anything about it and probably few people will worry about it. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant lived all his life in North-West Victoria, but he was never welcomed by the authorities. The police always accuse him of everything they can come up with and continue to harass his family. When Kelly gets fed up with what's happening, he creates a gang with his brother and two other men. They start robbing banks, and even taking over the whole city for three days. All this violence leads to hunting for people organized by the police, and when they kill three policemen, they are outlaws. They finally take over the Glenrowan pub, where they have a party with all the guests, waiting for a police train that would derail some of the track they had torn up. But the train is able to stop in time, because someone is warning them, and what will happen will be a battle for life and death between the police and four bandits ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to say if all this what is shown in the movie is true or false. I do not think anyone really knows, because there will always be two camps, each of whom will tell their truth: one camp says he was a hero, some Robin Hood, others will say that he was an ordinary criminal, a murderer and a thief. I really could not say which one is right, maybe both are, but I can say that the facts in the film, just like in the documentary, were the same. <br /> <br /> This movie was a nice addition to the documentary I once saw and really liked the performance of all actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even less-known actors show in this production that everyone knows what a good game should look like. I really liked this movie and I give it 7.5 / 10
