A few weeks ago, borrowing this movie from the local library, wanting to see it a few days after the Memorial Day, at the end of the morning I saw Sayonara. In this movie, Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd's "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general who has been brought up in a certain way, transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) is convenient. Before leaving, he tries to convince one of his people, Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to marry a Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), because it is a violation of military brotherly rights. Ace not only becomes the best man at the wedding of Joe and Katsumi, but also Eileen himself becomes the best man after the wedding with Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) and watching headliner artist Han-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Sam Bailey meets one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen herself seems to want to be one of the performers of Kabuki, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop at this point and say that it was the most fascinating drama about prejudices about US-Asian romance relations that was very touching from beginning to end. Even watching Montalban playing Oriental is not too embarrassing (although it's good that part of it is short). And there are some nice touches of humor, such as Brando's head, striking the Button's and Umaca's door many times more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars, especially Red with his defiant and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before he was cast in his legendary role in the television "Marverick", is fine in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka showing great restraint in his initial anti-American characteristics. When I read, there were some changes in James Michener's novel, I can not imagine director Josh Logan who had previously adopted another Michener work on the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and ultimately did it as a film, not being faithful to the original source. Certainly, he provided inspiration with the final scenes that have made the previously tragedy overwhelming in the film a somewhat necessary twist of action. Some production numbers may have made the film a bit long, but otherwise Sayonara was a great educational experience about the customs of the 1950s that penetrated America and Japan at the time.
