There are a few films that leave me with the feeling that it was done by "Ned Kelly" by Gregor Jordan. At first, I only heard heartfelt recommendations and decided to see them for myself. Since then, I have purchased both a video and a soundtrack, and I must say that after a few watching I am still impressed with the character of this film. It's also great to see something Australian! I appreciate his mundane quality, which if you ask me is rare, and the lack of stickiness that receives so many movies. This film proves that fanciful costumes and a glamorous set, which absorbs millions of dollars to do something, is not necessarily required. The cast was a bonus, including many well-known, and maybe I will add, good looking people who have fallen into the role of such exceptional characters well. It is worth noting that most of the critics regarding this film concerned who played what and what they said only so many lines. However, if there is any criticism, it should focus constructively on the fact that many basic elements of the original events have been excluded. In fact, they worked so that they became a hallmark in the history of Australia. For example, after a closer look, you can discover that the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt was much larger, and that in fact was responsible for much more final results for the gang than in the movie. It was also overlooked that not only Aaron Sheritt's efforts had provided the Victorian police with an insight into the evolving mystery. Yes, this is their interpretation of history and it is understandable that real stories require sensation and sometimes modification of the original story in order to attract viewers' attention. I feel that this is the only limitation in this case. However, I can assume that perhaps historical accuracy matters only to those who are particularly interested in the realistic events behind the situation. It certainly inspired me to take a closer look. So look at it and decide for yourself. You may not like it, it's your opinion and it's okay. Maybe this is a movie that speaks mainly to the Australian audience? For me, I would call it a breath of fresh air!
