Because of reading bad reviews and saying through friends that they can not believe how bad it is, I did not go and see this movie in the cinema. After watching it on DVD, I have to say that I regret it now. I'm not saying it's genius, but I would risk a statement that it's a good movie. I liked. <br /> <br /> People have thicker skulls than Ned's helmet if they want to see such a movie and expect it to be a document. If you read the true story of most movies based on historical characters, there is usually a huge difference between the fact and the fictional performance. I do not think that Ganghis Kahn was once portrayed, even if only a short distance from historical facts. Ned Kelly was a man of debate and it seems to be a passion. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories speak the same way for those who speak and listen to them, as for the character itself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because he represents this aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society in which there is no objection or challenge to power is crazier and more dangerous than any bushranger. <br /> <br /> So, not expecting that it will be an exact reproduction of the historical Kelly gang, I actually found this surprisingly unburdened and refreshing movie. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately not as cheap as it could be; for my Australian colleagues, look at "The Lighthorseman" and you'll see what I mean (a pity that this story was so badly treated). Perhaps the romance business could have been abandoned for a bit more detail in other areas, such as shooting soldiers. Ironically, I really liked the movie, because it would be the details that most Ned's stories would focus on. And these are the details of stories that are best discovered by reading different points of view of different historians. <br /> <br /> This movie will always have a hard time because it went to a compromise, referring to the global film market (pay the pills) and the legend, as it means for Australians; maybe some of Ned's spirit is in this movie because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately he did not meet both goals. Fortunately, it became a pleasant quirk of the film. For me, it was an unexpected kind of film about Nedu and that's why I liked it. Orlando Bloom's performance also did a lot for the film - he really added something. I think he would be happy if he was a monster, not a nice elf, for a change. <br /> <br /> When you consider other videos that are much worse than this, your opinion on this movie should be reviewed. Send it to me on DVD for Christmas, not Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River at any time.
