It must have been several years since its release, so I do not know why it was in the movies. But as a child I liked it. I just found a VHS Superman and Mole Men tape on the flea market and decided to watch it again (many years have passed). I did not expect much, now knowing how the films were made. I was, however, pleasantly surprised that the film is very watchful and the acting is exceptional. Usual operation in this type of films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, writing was not bad either. Forget that Superman went from sequence to sequence and could kick all his butts in the beginning, because then the story would end, right ?! OK, the costumes with the moles were hokey and not too scary (they did not even scare me as a kid). However, given the likely low budget for costumes and costumes, it was a job well done by everyone. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Old Ranger from Death Valley Days and a host of supporting roles in TV westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old Pop and was always a great supporting actor in more movies than I can count on. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also well-known faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship who went to King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl rolling the mole ball as Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the moles were also famous. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese at McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, he was Munchkin who gave Dorothy the lollipop, he was on the Seifeld episode and had plenty of other work. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, he was one of the friends met by a star in Incredible Shrinking Man, he took part in a movie that I just caught at the flea market My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and many more parts - a great actor. John Brambury was also Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was undoubtedly wonderful in this role, and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a great job playing a strong man. To sum it up, all I've said is that this movie is worth watching because of the cast and writing in dealing with a rather slim idea for a movie. But it was the '50s and everything was possible from space intruders to moles from space. It's definitely worth seeing, there's no bad actor in the group. Anyone who lined up the cast was very, very happy, getting so many talented actors for a B movie. Some had rich experience, and some were going to gain rich experience - but all were talented. So if you have the chance to see a movie, forget about reeds and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is this a bird? Is this an airplane? No, just a good old-fashioned movie!
