I watched it on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during one summer in the mid-90's, when my parents signed up for these channels. I came across it several times in different parts and I always thought it was dark, bizarre and fascinating. I was young when I was a teenager; and now, years later, after the discovery of the great Arliss Howard and the admiration of "Big Bad Love", I bought the DVD "Wilder Napalm" and for the first time in many years I watched it with my girlfriend. I liked it very much! I was impressed and impressed by this. There are so many dynamic intricacies of fluid and cunning in camera and cinematography movements; All of this perfectly combines with intelligent, intense and instant chemistry between three leads, their history, music and all other actors. It's really "cinema". I love the subtle intensity, ambivalent strength and hidden intelligence of Arliss Howard, I am a big fan of everything he does; and its interaction with the maniacal joy of Debra Winger (of course, they are a married couple) has this magical, charming reality that passes the camera. (I wonder if they watch it during wedding anniversaries? ....... "Great Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it, it is brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid in full clown make-up, tricked in, set at an angle, hidden and displayed by the selection of the scene and the flowering of blooming is a kind of pure dark film magic, which you can not see very often. Quaid, and so he always had a sinister quality for me, with that big crack in his mouth, hiding behind shimmering eyes, waiting to be released either as a playful charm or a diabolical quirkiness (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have a crazy fire behind their eyes to play their wonderful, intense inner gunslingers in a dark, cool style. In fact, the whole film has dark cool energy and hip intensity. It's a really fantastic movie, created by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all involved parties. I really can not imagine how it was financed, and it seems to me quite expensive, thanks to such a conventional, imageless system, but I thank God for films like this system from time to time. In a great way, with all-day bright carnival colors, hip-hop intelligence, dark warped true humor and fascinating chemistry, reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ....... a compliment in my book!
