In the top line of racism "Celebrity Big Brother" in 2007 (With the participation of Shilpy Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I condemned the "CBB" Internet forum fans who praised the show, after years of beating "racist" series from the 70s such as "Curry & Chips" and "Love Thy Neighbor". I thought they were hypocrites, and they said so. "It Is not Half Hot Mum" was then thrown into a quarrel, and some pointed out that an English actor played in it. Yes, but Michael Bates lived in India as a boy and spoke fluently in Urdu. Critics of the series forget about the reality that he brought to his performance as "Rank Ram". Renowned Indian actor Renu Setna said in a document from 1995, "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms", that he was upset when he heard that Bates got a role, but added: "No Indian actor could play this role, like also Bates. ". Actually. <br /> <br /> "Mama" was a companion to Perry and Croft for "Dad's Army"; also during the war, the peaceful English town of Walmington-On-Sea has been replaced by the hot, steamy jungles of India, in particular a place called Deolali, where the army gives concerts for soldiers, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first role in the TV series "Doctor In Charge "), Camp Gunner" Gloria "Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), diminutive Gunner" Lofty "Sugden," Lah de-dah "Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (late Christopher Mitchell). The chairman of this gang of survivors was the belligerent Sergeant Major Williams (brilliant Windsor Davies), who considered them "merchants". His frustration at not being able to lead his people to the jungle to attack the enemy in the fight made him bitter and intimidating (though he was nice to Parkins whom he considered his illegitimate son!). Then there was the English colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the tame captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rank was like a wise old sage, starting every show, talking to the camera and closing it, quoting obscure Hindu proverbs. He loved being a carrier so much that he began to consider himself a practically British. His friends were the tea Char Wallah (the late Dino Shafeek, who continued "Mind Your Language") and the rope pulling Punk Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So real Indians appeared on the show - another point that critics ignore. Shafeek also presented what was described in the subtitles as "interrupting the vocals" (similar to the songs from the 40s used as a random music in "Dad's Army"). Each edition closed with him, saying that "Land Of Hope & Glory" was silenced by "Shut Up!". from Williams. Excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although he never quite matched the "army of daddy" in the eyes of the public, "mama" was so popular that she ran for eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle took first place on the charts with the cover of this old chestnut "Whispering Grass". Then they recorded a whole album of old chestnuts, titled (what else?) "Sing Lofts!". <br /> <br /> Three years later, when Bates died of cancer, a show-breaking hit point. Instead of rewriting the role of "Rangi", the writers simply let him quietly forget. When George Layton left, the character of "Gloria" took his place as "Bombadier", providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> The last edition in 1981 led soldiers to leave India on a Blighty boat, the Char Wallah looks at them with great sadness (like viewers). <br /> <br /> There were few repetitions (mainly in Great Britain) due to the so-called "suspicious" reputation. This is weird. First of all, the performance was not about racism. If a black and white man is so bad, why is David Lean's film A Passage to India from 1984 Still on TV? (he was Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!). He comes from Jimmy Perry's own experience. Some characters were based on real people (the Major sergeant really called his people "poufs"). I think that if you're going to put a story on TV, that's good. Disinfection of the past, no matter how distasteful it may seem to modern audiences, is fundamentally unfair. "Mama" was both funny and real, and viewers saw it. Thank God for D.V.D. It's time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I will not gossip about this jungle!"
