This sitcom from the war written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best television program in Dads Army history, was not as good as Dads Army, but still very, very funny. <br /> <br /> It's about a concert band in India. Most of the episodes concerned BSM Williams (Windsor Davies), trying to get into a concert party, which he called a bunch of crisps, sent to the jungle. He was always unsuccessful because the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and stupid captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were great fans of the concert event. The concert consisted of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers impersonator Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), University educated pianist Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner "Lofts" Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought that Parkins was his son, he was wrong), the great eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans and the animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), was not Percy Edwards. The faithful Indian servants of Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) were also very committed to the adventures, giving Ram the great support. <br /> <br /> The show, like the Dads Army, left a lot of slogans. Rank Ram used to say to his Punkah Wallah "Do not be so smart dickie" and ended many shows saying "Here is a very old Indian proverb, eg. When the wife has an affair with your best friend, it does not stop your home with fire" To Williams had the most passwords. He always shouted "Shuddup !!!!!", he said, "Oh, how sad, it does not matter," and when he talked to Gunner Graham, he always spoke sarcastically with an elegant accent. <br /> <br /> This show does not enjoy the same recognition as Dads Army. This is probably due to the question of taste: This is seen as primitive. Williams is homophobic, calling his people "Puffs", although Williams has to be boring. In addition, some people think that there is a racial element in humor, taking advantage of the fact that Michael Bates was dizzy to play the Ram rank (Bates was born in India and spoke to Urdu before he spoke English), so the BBC will feel a little worried, assuming that although the vast majority of people who really saw the show would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and they were not offended at all and they agreed, like me, it was a very funny show . When I see the episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than any other series, but when I see it for the second time, I do not laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see Dads Army, I laugh a lot in the episode. <br /> <br /> The best episode: Droga do Banu, seria 1, episode 7
