7 if you are a child - 6 if you claim to be an adult. This half-continuation of the Lion King aims to free the side characters of Timone and Pumba, who tell the story with their original story, including the story of how they met. In the great Disney tradition, inferior sequels are created, and from time to time television series depicting the adventures of smaller characters from their biggest hits. You can be as skeptical as you want, but children and fans of the series will probably not worry about it; they are pretty jokes and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the few above-average sequels. This is due to the charm of beloved heroes, fast pace, jokes related to the first film, and for older viewers there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as never before, although a bit less extravagant than the original, but the plot is easy here, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first movie, often stopping in the middle of the movie, to joke about its parts, like a real audience. We can see how Timone is close to the outcast, he feels he does not fit and decides to look beyond what he sees to find his perfect home. On the way, he meets Puma, another outcast, and becomes friends. They soon meet Simba, a lion cub, a natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his destiny and leave the group, it depends on others whether to help or not and how. Of course, here are the usual elements and motifs of Disney, friendship, good versus evil, etc. The plot is simple, but works on many levels, making it smarter than the average animated film. When CG films appear, the traditional form of Disney must become smarter, but do not forget about the roots that made them popular. Toy Story and everything that has come since then is clever, with jokes that fit all ages and it looks like the market is changing. However, there will always be room for such films and you can not go wrong buying them for young people. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
