The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has little to do with the source novel, written by Stephen King, but it is widely remembered as one of the best cinematic versions of the master of horror. This is due to two factors: the championship of Stanley Kubrick and the cool play of Jack Nicholson. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who accepts the care of the Overlook hotel in Canada during the winter, which is not affected by the macabre stories surrounding this place: he claims that a nice, secluded place is what what he needs to finish his new book. That's why Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy, in particular the senses, said from the very beginning that something was wrong: the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers), told him that he was endowed with mysterious psychic energy, the title Glowing, which allows people like him and Dick to see flashes from past and future, among others. Because of this "gift", the forces that inhabit the hotel immediately begin to be interested in Danny, even though he is able to oppose them. However, this is not the case of Jack, because he is becoming more and more paranoid about his wife's feelings and seeks consolation in the company of what can best be described as ghosts, creating a chain of madness and fear that is very difficult to break. <br /> <br /> The Shining acts as a horror film because Kubrick, although he has never worked on this type of movie before, knew exactly what is effective and what is not, hence the greater emphasis on the atmosphere and mental shocks than the top and creative blood spills. King criticized the director for changing most of the story, ignoring most of Jack / Danny's themes (only suggested in the movie) that led to the strong emotional point of the book, and although his disappointment is important, omission was actually necessary: ​​a novel about redemption, though unconventional way, and redemption is a topic Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, never had the slightest problem. He is interested in the mental and then physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and keeps a terrifying tone even thanks to the very cold approach and professional use of the steadicam shot (Danny's meeting with the two ghostly twins is the best example). <br /> <br /> Another criticism of King concerned actors, especially Nicholson: according to the author, his characteristic smile at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, thus undermining the rest of the plot. It's true that Nicholson looks a bit silly from the start, but it's equally true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for this role) probably would not be able to perform such a scary performance as Nicholson: from the moment he begins to smile in a more disturbing way than before immortal "Here is Johnny!" A scene, you can not imagine another actor playing this part, and although the 1997 television version of The Shining is not bad, the character of Torrance is inextricably linked to One Flew on the Cuckoo's Nest star. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add incredible support, with the latter particularly deserving of the place next to Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as the great children's icon of cinema. Someone would complain that Duvall is completely different from the equivalent of a book (blond and beautiful) and there is nothing else to do, how to shout and run, but two things should be taken into account: a) in 1980, "Queen of Shut" cliché wasn "one more; b) rarely did the actress look so terrified in the camera, causing the differences between the films in the book to be secondary compared to the real fear that appears in Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting, once said, is not something like a completely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and should know, taking into account the freedom Danny Boyle accepted when his masterpiece of junk was shown on screen ), but that does not mean that the movie is necessarily bad. Shining proves that the point to perfection: very few of the novels, about 5%, are included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlonson this masterly lesson in loose cinema translates into one of the best, most original horrors of all time, which really says something considering the current poor form of the species.
