Sometimes it overtakes The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is more efficient and entertaining, Kubrick's film is more artistic, more thought-provoking and probably more frightening. This is one of the few films in which I can look beyond his faults and really love him. I try not to compare it to a book? which I read only once, many years ago, which frightened me? because these two things do not have much in common apart from history and characters. It's almost as if Kubrick counted on people's love of the novel to make their movie more frightening. And in this way, it is certainly one of the most interesting adaptations of books in history, as well as one of the greatest horrors. <br /> <br /> What makes the movie so frightening is not scary, not blood and gore, not the different ghosts that appear from time to time. This is the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some complained about Nicholson's cast in this role, saying it was too obvious that he would go crazy in the movie, given his old roles and appearance. I do not agree. We know that he will go crazy? since most of us read the book? and Jacek's appearance only deepens this view. But the way it works in the beginning makes us really scared. He is calm, calm, patient. Engages in a small conversation with hotel managers and even with your own family. And with his wife and son as annoying as his, it's a small miracle that he manages to do it. But when it reaches the Overlook, it changes. He becomes irritable, angry, on the edge. The scene that always shakes me up is when Wendy interrupts his writing and he completely loses it, telling her to "leave him alone". This is the first f-drop bomb in the film and is a shock to the system. From this moment all bets are turned off. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I love is the many interpretations present in the film. We are never sure if what we see actually takes place. Many critics have noticed that whenever Jack talks to the ghost, there is a mirror showing that he can talk to himself as well. But what about other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the movie reaches its peak, until she is deceived by many of the ghostly inhabitants of the hotel, but she is well aware that something is wrong while Danny joins the place almost immediately. His psychic powers are not questioned? how else would Hallorann know he would come to the hotel? ?? but do you ever see any of the ghosts that his parents are witnessing? It's easy to say that Jack just loses him, trapped in a hotel with his family, and Wendy will be the same later? seeing how your husband is trying to kill you with an ax, will he do it? but what about Danny? It looks like his body has been taken over by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these figures is a reliable witness. Hallorann would probably do it and warn of dangers in 237, but he killed him as soon as he appears in Overlook (fear that Kubrick achieves, playing on the assumptions of fans of the novel). And this last shot. Have you ever had a more enigmatic ending in the cinema? Was Jack really there before? Or maybe his body "absorbed" the hotel? Speaking of acting in this film, each discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in film history? probably deliberately to give Jacek's hero more reasons to stop him? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is the driving force. The partial method, the part of improvisation, is both frightening and attractive. For good and for bad, he is the character we identify with, not an annoying kid or tormenting wife. We all want to have a hotel for ourselves for the season, be able to do everything we want. Who cares if he is haunted? Of course, the technical aspects are great. Kubrick's long shots, strange angles and bizarre paintings contribute to horror. The use of color, mirrors, long corridors and any other motif only enhances this. And do not even start with this result. I do not know if the movie would be half so frightening without this haunted electronic melody. Its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the whole movie. <br /> <br /> I know that King does not like this movie, but King's contribution to the cinema has nothing to brag about. Although he may be a great writer of the novel, his scenarios are horrible, and his directing attempt is not to be noticed. This is not very faithful adaptation of the book, but it does not have to be and it really should not. Part of the film's horror is that the viewer has no book to lean on; there is no calming source material. Kubrick masterfully changes the narrative to further frighten the audience. If only for this, it is one of the most innovative films in each genre. Besides, it has everything else.
