The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving to a secluded hotel called "Overlook" located high up in the Colorado mountains to interview Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming the guardian of winter. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic maintenance of the hotel, but he will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months when the harsh winter begins. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and young son Danny (Danny Lloyd), Jack moves to the hotel and at the beginning everything looks good, it is a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and everything they need is at their disposal. However, Overlook has a dark past when the previous caretaker murdered his entire family before he committed suicide, and Danny has the ability to "shine", which means he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things of "ordinary" people. When days, weeks and months start to pass, Jack becomes more and more crazy, Danny still "sees" things and people, while Wendy becomes crazy because she has no idea what is happening to her family because the heavy snowstorm leaves their trap Jack ultimately loses ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a great horror film. It seems that The Shining is another film that exists in two different versions, and the one I will comment on is a shorter European film that lasts less than two hours. Kubrick's and Diane Johnson's script is based on the novel by Stephen King, which I have not read, so I can not compare them, but rather a psychological horror movie rather than a visual one with a murder during the entire movie. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny, the only ones that really matter, because the film focuses on them almost exclusively in caring for them, engaging in them and what they are going through. The pace is a bit slow, but it's one movie that did not seem so long and interested you all the time. On the other hand, I do not think the reasoning of Jack raging and wanting to kill his family was strong enough to convince me that Jack escapes from the freezer without any explanation. something, but this ending made no sense to me, I'm still trying to understand what this is all about! Violence or gore is very few, some rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror that does not have to rely on blood and special effects because it has a thrilling story. With a budget of about $ 19 million, The Shining is technically flawless, as one would expect from an obsessive filmmaker such as Kubrick, cinematography is brilliant due to the fantastic free and smooth shots of steadicam because the camera effortlessly follows the figure around the maze of corridors, the sets look absolutely real and instead of the stereotypical old haunted motives, such as dark corners, basements and cobwebs, Kubrick brings things up to date thanks to brightly lit corridors, massive open spaces and modern decor (well the 80's, just check if the red toilet outside !). Acting is good for everyone involved, although as usual in horror movies, a small child is very annoying, and Nicholson seems crazy from the very beginning. The Shining is an absorbing movie that I enjoyed watching, although I'm not sure if I will be watching it again in the near future. For those who are looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you will be disappointed, for those who are looking for a good horror story in a type of haunted house with a strong story, I definitely think that The Shining is worth watching in my humble opinion.
