Sometimes a film master such as Kubrick is needed to bring something very small, this unique, incurable and elusive ingredient that transforms a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece, one for ever. <br /> <br /> It's not just that the story of Stephen King has enough meat and potatoes, which makes even the most diligent directors lack. Hell, even the king himself did not feel so bad. This is how Kubrick perceives King's universe as turning a page into a screen, which makes THE SHINING a visual feast as well as dense masterclasses directed. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's Miss-en-Scene is, as always, terrifying. The film develops in fast, sharp and lively pace, although it is neither fast nor heavily edited and reaches not less than 160 minutes. The camera breaks through the vast corridors of the Overlook Hotel as if it were some mystical maze that stretches out to explore, linear tracking shots revealing impeccably decorated interiors in all their glory. There is symmetry and a geometric approach to how Kubrick sees space that reminds me very much how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if shown, it did not affect how all the different elements are balanced inside the frame. <br /> <br /> Some images stand out. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanying the screen from the beats of the ball, like drums of destruction from some other floor, or produced by the writing machine itself, as if it were in itself a tool of destruction, later appearing just like that. A red river flowing through hotel elevators in slow motion. Jack hits the ax with his ax, the camera moves with him, tracking the action as it does, instead of staying motionless, as if the camera was piercing the door, not the ax. A very fast zoom on the face of a kid driving us into his head before we see two dead girls from his POV. And of course the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about the intrusive abuse of Jack Nicholson. His rage is not entirely successful because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy looks furious anyway. Playing in madness makes him an exaggerated caricature of himself. On the other hand, Shelley Duvall is one of the most inspirational casting options that Kubrick has ever had. Deriving from a series of fantastic performances by Robert Altman in the seventies (3 WOMEN, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), he brings to his character the right amount of fragility and emotional stress. A great and very underestimated actress.
