The Shining, you know what's strange about this movie? This is a movie that everyone, who says they do not like horror movies, always says The Shining is a great movie. Here is the classic vision of Stephen King's tale of madness and blood. It's just an amazing movie that you saw or not, you heard about it, you know a few lines from it and you know some of the classic pictures. Who would forget Jack, "Here's Johnny!" Who could forget "All work and no fun make Jack boring" Who could forget about this chilling ending? This is a film that is unforgettable and to be honest, in my opinion it is Kubrick's best job. I know there are many disputes in this section, many say it's 2001: Space Odyssey or Mechanical Orange, and even Dr. Strangelove, but if this movie was a pioneer in making movies, The Shining has refined it. It's a tale of isolation, madness, frightening images and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, son of Jacek Danny and wife of Jack, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on the closing day. A senior African American, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny, talking to him telepathically and offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared a gift; they called communication "shining". Danny asks if there is anything in the hotel that you may be worried about, especially room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a "glow" and many memories, not all of them good, and advises him not to live in the room 237 in all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about room 237 finally corrects him when he sees that the room has been opened. Danny appears wounded and apparently survived after Jack tells Wendy that she loves her family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack is abusing Danny. Jack goes to the Gold Room hotel, where he meets the weird bartender Lloyd. Danny feverishly calls the word "redrum" and writes on the walls. He falls into a trance and withdraws; now he says it's Tony, his "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages hotel radio, cutting off communication from the outside world, but Hallorann received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack wrote the endless pages of the manuscript, repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in different ways. Terrified, Jack threatens her, and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, closing him in the kitchen cupboard. Jack talks to Grady through the cabinet door, which then opens him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" with the lipstick on Wendy's bedroom door. When he looks in the mirror, he sees that it is a "murder" written from behind. Jack picks up his ax and begins to hack through the door leading to his family's apartment. "Here's Johnny!", And the legendary image of Jack is born. <br /> <br /> Shining is one of those movies you have to seriously see, it's an amazing movie and it still gives me nightmares. The performance of Jacek Nicholson is timeless and unforgettable. But it also seems to me that Shelley Duvall is very overlooked, her scene of finding a Jack All Work racket? is amazing, it is a scary look and you can see that fear on her face after realizing that her husband is crazy. Another amazing scene is that Jack sees a ghost woman in a bathtub, it is really one of the most terrifying scenes in the horror cinema. The reason this movie is so well known is that it's a movie of perfection, it was on The Simpsons, it was shown in other movies and it's a movie that will always stay with you when you see it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
