Okay, okay, maybe not BIGGEST. I mean, the Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to bear, but Shining is high there. However, this is definitely the best story of Stephen King, which was made in the film. Is better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematars (if not so terrible), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (though barely), and yes, it's better than The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I do not care what the 250 best IMDs say. <br /> <br /> I read that a few decades ago Stanley Kubrick sorted novels in his house, trying to find one that could make a good movie, and from the other room his wife heard the noise beating every half hour when he frustrated throwing books into the wall . In the end, for almost two hours she did not hear any noise, and when she went to check and see if he died in a chair or something (of course with all due respect), she discovered that he was concentrating on the book he had in his hand and the book was Shining . And thank God too, because he has converted this book into one of the best horrors in history. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of history, of a man who takes his wife and son to a distant hotel, to supervise him during an unusually isolated winter, while working on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his dead performance as Jack Torrance (how many films Jack had in which he plays a character named Jack?), As well as his flawless delivery of several already known lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for the performance that allows the audience to refer to Jack's desires to kill her. To Stanley Kubrick, thank you for giving this wonderful story to his very recognizable touch, and to someone who was the director of the casting, you can thank for pulling the most terrible twins on the planet to play the role of murdered girls. One of the most important aspects of this film, necessary for the history as a whole to have its most significant impact, is isolation and it is presented flawlessly. The film begins with a long scene after Jack, who comes to an old hotel for an interview for the post of a janitor for the winter. Shortly after this happens the same as Jack and his family as they drive up a windy mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is mixed up with pictures of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubric managed to sneak a quick suggestion of evil on the television when Wendy expresses her concern about the conversation about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says he's okay because he already saw it on television ("You see, it's fine, he saw it on TV."). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect place for a story like this one, and its bloody past is far more terrifying than the big echoing rooms and long corridors. These rooms with their echoes continually emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the corridors that really created most of the horror of the film, and Kubrick's traditional shots give the corridors a terrifying three-dimensional impression. At the beginning of the movie there is a famous tracking shot that follows Danny in a big circle as he rides around the rooms on his Big Wheel (are they called?), And his relative speed (as well as the agility done by the wheels when he goes back and forth) from hardwood floors to rugs, it gives you the feeling that they do not know what's around the corner, and being the story of Stephen King, you expect something to pop up on you, I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the scariest in the movie) there's Danny's playing on the floor and the ball is slowly rolling in. He looks up and sees the long empty corridor, and because the ball is something like a child's toy, you expect it to be these frighteningly frightening twins. The Shining is a damn frightening movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to the rare quality of being a horror film that is not good for anything, The Shining has a very deep history, it really lets you guess and leaves you feeling that there was something that was missing. WAS Jack always there when Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really on this ball in 1921 or is it someone who looks exactly like him? If he was always a janitor, as Mr. Grady said, does this mean that I was crazy and killed his wife and twins, not Mr. Grady? It's one thing that the film leaves loose ends that should be linked, it's just average filming. For example, The Amityville Horror, who obviously copied much of The Shining when it came to his subject, did so. But it's completely different when the movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (like most of Kubrick's films). One more thing for which we can all thank Stanley Kubrick, for which we should thank him, for not throwing this book against the wall. This projection would be a film tragedy.
