Cool, majestic movie fear, this movie combines all the wonderful elements of an intellectual thriller, with a great vision of the director who has an instinctive ability to roam the moody horror of his film genius, which includes the eye of the original shot, the icy soundtrack and general sense of dehumanization. This movie cuts through all the typical horror movies, like red poker through the human eye, because it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychosis of his character, but to appreciate the grain from which he grows. One of the most horrible things for people is the unknown, and this movie presents his conspiracy only with that in mind. The setting is perfect, in an abandoned winter hideout. The calm of the moment is a figure in itself, because the fermenting aggressor in the mind of Jacek Torrance plunges into this idle time and gives birth to a new devil's playground. I have always felt that the presence of evil is dormant in all our minds, with only the circumstances of the moment and the reasons given there, needed to awaken her brutal ass and throw herself at unsuspecting victims. This film is a perfect example of this very thought. <br /> <br /> And in the subtle accents of this film, the clappers of the boy's big wheel driving empty hotel corridors, the labyrinth garden representing the thin line of mind between the healthy and crazy, intentionally interrupted Kubrick's inconsistencies, continuity errors and erroneous findings that we discover the world headed by the righteous and tangible, but forced by the powerful and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the movie is based, but without it, as a reference point, I can proudly say that it is one of the scariest movies I have ever seen. I thought that the duration of the film may be a bit shorter, but on the other hand I'm not one of the most acclaimed directors in the history of the film, so maybe I should keep a two-cent criticism of the wonderful film for myself. In conclusion, this movie captures your attention with its great form and vision, draws you in horror and eccentric direction, attaches you and stabs you into the heart with your cold-eyed look of the man's mind overboard, the terrifying atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
