Anthony McGarten adapted his play, Via Satellite, and directed the best comedy film to get out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is resignation. She has not achieved much in recent years and has been offended by her family since her father's confession on his deathbed. Her twin sister, Carol (also portrayed by Danielle Cormack), basks in the center of the media attention because she represents New Zealand while swimming at the Olympic Games. Paul (middle-aged Karl Urban), a troubled and desperate director (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also a one-day character from Chrissy from the previous night - film the proud moment of the Dunn family; watching Carol flows to victory. It would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is the embarrassment personified. First of all, it is a collection of Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). He creates fairytale cakes and cocktail sausages for the most important film crew and refuses to change the way he is. Her eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), desperately wants to be more than just ordinary. It has a nice house (with walls of the bedroom painted with Blackberry sorbet), expensive flavors and a nasty parasitic approach. She is also approaching 40 and desperately for a child. Her husband Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and is forced to do a job that does not require doing ... as well as doing the work that needs to be done, i.e. Jen. Lyn's middle daughter (Jodie Dorday - who won the award for Best Supporting Actress in New Zealand for this role) is a "knocked out" tart that has a dubious story with Ken. Both older sisters clash with each other, mother is able, Ken is just as bad ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol stokes her Olympic desire, and Chrissy realizes that all this is to be broken up on national television - why would not it ashamed? It's great to see some of New Zealand's famous faces in a suburban comedy that has witty lines to lose. I loved sparring between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona-my-biological-clock-ticking, the other is a narcissistic wanderer who has what her sister wants - a roll in the oven. The climax of the film is quite sentimental and nicely made. Performances are a treat and the movie works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
