Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals in a local club. He falls victim to his fantasies because the promise of romantic interludes turns into a murder when he kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that thanks to the form of hypnotic suggestion someone (... a potential master of the task pulling on the strings like a puppet) leads Lorna to kill those she meets in secluded places, when it seems that the love for love is about to end. After committing the murders in her fantasies, Lorna wakes up, dazed, often unaware, whether what she has been initiated into her dreams has actually taken place. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work from Franco, I would say that it is elegant and difficult. You've probably read other users' comments about what's going on in this movie, because a significant part of it takes place in a surrealist atmosphere of sleep. Franco mentioned in the interview that at the beginning of his career he was heavily influenced by Godard when it comes to the style of making films, and therefore he decided to abandon a clear narrative structure in order to create a completely different kind of viewing experience. And, as you read from the reaction of user comments here, some such decisions, others think that the style is hardworking, boring and stunning. I will be the first to admit that the film is above my head, but even Franco himself, when asked by the critics who watched "Succubus", admitted that he did not even understand the film and he directed it! Someone might say that "Succubus" was only the precursor of his more admired work "Venus in Furs", he considered his masterpiece of the Franconian faithful, because he also adopts a surreal, phenomenal structure in which the protagonist does not know if she experiences something real or imagined. In a sense, like the hero, we experience the same kind of confusion ... certainly "Succubus" is an unconventional movie creation in which we do not get the keys to what exactly happens. And many intangible dialogue does not help. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet", Corman's movie "A Bucket of Blood" had a great time. My favorite scene teases with a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and the woman she meets at an elegant party. Quite a bizarre fantasy sequence in which the mannequins are used rather unusually. Great locations and jazz score .. I liked this movie myself, although I understand why it takes a negative reaction. I loved this one scene in an elegant party with Lorna, a little drunk, winding on the floor in a great evening gown, while others attending shindig (... equally wasted) rushed her in the embrace of kisses.
