I have not seen all the films of Jess Franco, I think I have seen 5, and there are over 180 of them. Perhaps it is a bit too early to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as "Succubus", but this is a cut version) in my opinion, if not the best, certainly the best Franco. Franco is best known (though "known" may be somewhat exaggerated) for "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cult movie that gained greater recognition in the mid-90s, when people learned that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Thanks to the soundtrack, the lucky few discovered the man and learned what to expect after watching the video "Lion and cucumber" ("Vampyros Lesbos OST"): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during Vampiros, I let him call. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment, Franco could never have caught me so much. But then I came across this movie. I think it is even better than "Vampiros Lesbos". Franco is looking for what he can do with history and the camera. We learn that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect the Necronomicon to be so great: its beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I have seen "Vampiros Lesbos" before (although chronologically, which appeared only three years later) and both films start the same. But then there was a story, a mysterious and captivating, beautiful work with cameras and things you would like to see Godard if he was not so busy disseminating his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about which art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says all movies have to be old-fashioned, because it takes weeks to get the audience to see what was filmed. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard were making movies tomorrow." Janine Reynaud is an interesting leading actress and, of course, Howard Vernon, regular Franco, is also there. Fortunately, acting is good (something that can spoil many Franco movies, but not this one). But be sure to watch out for the fictional scene. The erotic tension, the wild directing and the fact that it is yesterday's movie for tomorrow make him a movie that many people should see. It certainly helps that it is a bit more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos".
