Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we are all familiar with them in the abundance of films. Currently, most films deal with crime, which is believed to engage viewers, providing them with an exciting atmosphere. However, most enthusiasts of emotions will rather focus on the latest movies of this type, forgetting about the older ones. However, it seems that these people can easily be misled. A film entirely based on suspicion can be very interesting now, even though it is over 20 years old ... this is GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot of action? Not really, because the events presented in the film take place in a very short time. But the way they are made is a big plus of the film. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is examined by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It is New Year's Eve, rainy evening and not very apt for such a meeting. However, after the rape and murder of two children, at dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be opened. In other words (more quoted from the movie), it must be revealed who the bad wolf really is. To achieve this, you need a lot of effort and a lot of emotions from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the scenario as too verbal. However, I would ask them: what the investigation should look like, if there are not many questions and practically many conversations. This clarity touches the very roots of the species. It's not boring in any way, but in the whole movie, it makes you as an observer, as an observer, involved. What's more, the film contains well-made flashbacks, as stories are told. Not too much and not too little - all you need to make the whole story more clear and interesting. The most memorable memories for me when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, tells of one charming Christmas ... But these memories also include views of places, including the infamous beach. It has greatly helped me maintain the right pace. And because I saw GARDE A VUE, I always remember this film as one of the "defenders" of the French cinema against accusations of mess and chaos. <br /> <br /> But these mentioned aspects do not necessarily appeal to many viewers, because they may not like such films and still will not find satisfactory content and its performance. However, GARDE A VUE is also worth seeing for such people. Why? Because of the performances. But do not expect me to praise above all Romy Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a great job as a mother who is deeply in despair for a lost child. He reliably presents a calm, concrete person who does not reject the offered cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. Her role, which includes a deep conversation about life and duty, is brilliant, more credible than Elsa's too melancholic role in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It still works. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. It appears for the first time after 45 minutes of loans; she, as a wife and another point of view, comes symbolically with the New Year, at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who really is Lino Ventura. He is indirect inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to find out the truth, who is aware that his questions are "bullets" in relation to the other interlocutor, but he does not hesitate. He is an inspector who, being three times married, is perfectly recognized as the psyche of women. He does not consider his work a game, but a real service. Finally, he is a person who does not consider abnormal sitting there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a great job of expressing fear, especially in the final stages of the film. But thumbs for Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> When it comes to unforgettable moments, it is not a movie in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole film is unforgettable, you have to see it more than once and it must be felt with its atmosphere and, as I have not mentioned before, great music. For me, talking to Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most wonderful moment without a flaw. You are there with two characters, you experience their states of mind if you go deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDEN VUE is a very interesting movie, you must see for lovers of emotions and connoisseurs of art performances. The New Year has turned around and ... is it easier to open the door now? You'll find out when you decide to see the memorable movie of Claude Miller. 8/10
