We, Ed Wood fans, are generally an obsessive group, but this movie in particular has led me to a fan-house level that I've never seen before! One of the most intense emotions of non-mainstream movie worship - at least as far as I'm concerned - is the pleasure of undermining unclear ones. I remember how, as a teenager, I wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.k.a "Night of Ghosts"), which at that time was vaulted for several decades. Just like the secret masterpieces of low-budget film making, such as Doris Wishman's "A Night to Dismember" or half of Jesus Franco's works! However, in recent years, videos and DVDs have made these once inscrutable treasures almost too easily accessible - even for those of us who, after the "bad" (!) Stronie Atlantis ... <br /> <br /> A then, this is the movie "I Woke Up Early the Day and Died" - a movie that SHOULD be so "big", but which disappeared in the ether before Fangoria printed the first quite long article on this subject, which first stoked my appetite. In the nineties, we NEED a hard-to-find movie that REALLY would be worth hunting: and that to make sure it is ... I do not want to add too many comments to all these great aspects of the film - its classic, but kitsch cast, haunting, but often hallucinogenic visualizations, wonderful moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of French cineastes from the 1920s) and surrealism, and even its sonorously memorable soundtrack - because this is what other users have described it all the most. <br /> <br /> I would like to briefly mention the pleasure that I received also from hunting for some obscure artifacts related to this almost lost for us - But fortunately - not a pretty movie! I think the German film I picked up in Cologne on a cold, crisp winter day is now well known to Ed Wood's supporters. It is well known that a promotional poster of the film has appeared. Fortunately, you can find more !!! First of all, there are many reviews available in the German issue of THEATRICAL film - I used a few of them in my translation class, trying to "Woodify" my students ... some of these reviews are positive praise for the film's artistic and entertainment value - and the most interesting is that most critics have placed them in terms of both American rubbish and European artistic traditions. Secondly, there is the score of Larry Groupe, which can be obtained from the man himself - many works have a really emotional impact on the listener, especially if you are currently considering the "vaulted" status of the film and growing a little melancholy at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention the SOUNDTRACK promo, which Cinequanon exhibited in a very limited number. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do what you need, if you have a chance to buy one of them !!!!!! It contains 14 songs from the film, including the ballad of Earthy Kitt, "Jesus I Was Evil" by Darcy Clay (which two versions are also available on a CD from New Zealand, although this is another story!), Cool radio music to which Christina Ricci dances, as well as those amazing techno drops Minty and ZHV (the latter is Techno Billy Z's own techno band) ... <br /> <br /> Become an obsession - let Ed Wood rule your life.
