The 1998 film was based on the script of the late Edward D. Wood, a script in which there was no dialogue in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. While much of Wood's work was a bizarre, low-budget entry into the film's various film traditions, his first released GLEN OR GLENDA was a visionary attempt to express inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. SOON THE PREVIOUS DAY THAT I WERE, represents this page of Ed Wood, an experimenter, although this movie is a comedy (but a horrible comedy!), While the subject of dressing GLEN OR GLENDA was treated so seriously by Wood that there was no room for comedy. I knew from the first few seconds of this movie that I was transferred to a new movie world and I can not really compare this world with anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music rating, photography, etc. - is groundbreaking on any number of levels. In particular, although there is no "dialogue" in the film, there is a sound of all kinds, as well as "language", but you have to see how it is done, because cunning and surprise with methods provide a level of excitement. The Glen or Glenda-esque technique of compilation of film material to achieve surrealistic effects works well in the film and is kept to a minimum. The whole movie is played on a hysterical fever, and Billy Zane provides an amazing performance involving tour-de-force, which shows how great a physical comedian and actor is. In a just world, he would be rewarded for this performance. He even LOOKS as Ed Wood, and when he played Zane, the character is funny, miserable, tragic, nice and anonymous at times (sometimes at the same time !!!). It is a pity that this film has become entangled in legal problems and has never received a North American theater or video edition by playing only a few festivals. At the moment, it is available only on video in Germany (in fact, my copy comes from a German source - fragments of Wood's screenplay, which are displayed on screen from time to time, are translated into German, though headlines (so great in the Woods tradition) a low-budget technique for broadcasting feature elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, through newspaper headlines, Zane sees in English). I think this movie could have been sent from mouth to mouth if it was played at midnight in some In reality, if legal problems can be solved, I would like to suggest that the film should receive a cinema scene, especially the "cult" movie scene, with cautious promotion, and if it was played out in the city through the city, slowing down on the set of an artistic film. MIDNIGHT version. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Is I understood every scene, no, but I felt emotionally every scene. Did everything "work" in the film? May not. I only saw it twice and for the first time I saw that I was intermittently several times. However, with all the garbage from the assembly line playing in multiplexes and with so many "alternative" films, such as fetishist or pretentious rejection of film schools, we need real experiments in the style of Hollywood. Bob Dylan's recently filmed "Masked and Anonymous" had similar chances as in the case of FULL FRONTAL Steven Soderbergh. This movie could find an audience much larger than any of them. If you're reading this review in a few years and the idea of ​​this movie sounds intriguing, check to see if it has ever been released on video. You will NOT be bored. Invite a few friends ... organize a party. Play the amazing LOUD soundtrack. I have the impression that wherever he is in the afterlife, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels as if his unique vision was justified and confirmed by the film's performance. Wood probably laughs too, as he always seemed to have a bad run, the film he was given in tribute after his death was detained in court trials and was not released in the country where he was made.
