OK, so I know about this movie because of my friend who visited him during the filming, so from a personal point of view I was intrigued to finally see this little gem. If you delve into the information about this film, you'll find that it's in legal trouble (even more than 7 years after filming), so if you're like me at all, then you'll do anything to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt cheated, because when I got it today in the post office, it was a very rough, grainy copy of "SCREENER ONLY", along with the annoying top mini-code, but unfortunately I could still enjoy, but not the same as if I had a proper copy, something I suggest to get if you want to have the full impact of this movie on you. From what I was able to collect, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. Thanks to success and happy search / bidding ...;). The result / sndtrk is worth the same. Very eclectic and varied (sometimes rare IMHO in the movie) - I think it will be my next sndtrk / result to locate, but digress ... <br /> <br /> Now, for review. The film opens when the character of Billy Zane injects a nurse in a psychiatric ward in which he apparently is locked up. She steals her clothes (even shoes) and quickly moves to a number of stores with banks / loans, but after escaping from the loot, well, I think that's where the "conspiracy" begins - he accidentally loses it. After committing several criminal crimes and frauds in various stars from A to C to locate the money, he finds himself somewhere in the graveyard where the funeral is taking place - I think that for a deceased man who shoots at a loan office / bank and - even with the police cars and policemen from the 1950s who are constantly looking for him - he will never see or catch him. (He sees daily newspapers informing about their "crimes"). I liked it because it gave the plot a thin extension. After all, this is FILM (see fiction) and the director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all that is possible: 1) Making Wood's vision real and 2) Give him an updated atmosphere, and at the same time pictures of authentic police cars from the 1950s are interspersed, ahh, local LA.99 $ stores - that's good for my rating 9. If the period and props were authentic - I would give it 10. Now it's a bit weird and I will not spoil it, but let's say the ending is a bit disappointing for me he had a promise, action and comedy - all to the end, so ... with EVERYTHING I said - locate the copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just be aware that there is no dialouge (except for some narrations and singing) this may be your alley - maybe not ... but I definitely think it's worth watching. All the actors perform great performances, and this is only an incoherence in the relevant works from the era really made me long for this correction - then I would say that you definitely check this movie, because it is not something that these studios are publishing today (or also in the future). I'm sure.
