To finally see what many consider the best women's film in the prison of all time, I felt that I had achieved something as funny as it sounds. Boy, it certainly contained the elements that I had expected and provided much more. The constant I discover in these films is the hardiness and harshness of actresses in the role of prisoners preparing to escape, while their threshold, tolerance and determination (not to mention mental health) are tested by their superiors. Although most of them have been employed for the way they look naked, because the nature of the genre requires such free elements, something else appears, other attributes, such as attitude and courage, which I ultimately answer. <br /> <br /> This, as you probably know, was Demme's debut for his mentor, Roger Corman, and he provides the recipients with exactly what they want by putting their own stamp in action. For example, there are strange dreams that have certain characters that define their current mental states (... there is a special number with the participation of Barbara Steele, who reminded me of Alexa de Large from A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> the movie has prisoners planning a daring escape, tired of the maddish antics of their warden associated with a wheelchair and her nut prisoner, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, a hard, dull sister who has enough environment and will do anything to leave. She is the only one that all girls are afraid to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the newest prisoner who was arrested by the police and convicted for the murder of a cop, not wanting to give up the names of the people she was associated with. Robert Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best friends with Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle becomes an obsession with Randolph, who promises the Superintendent McQueen (Steele) that thanks to a surgical procedure he can remove her rapid tendencies. Irritating her, Randolph takes naked pictures and sodomizes her, whimpering like a little girl because of his own mental deficiencies, while hugging her naked body in her arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, in prison for life for murdering a skumbaga whose relative was a senator. Lavelle gets a job at Randolph's office and is responsible for linking his dirty pranks with Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film in the expected final as a planned breakthrough, using those who are behind various traumas inflicted by prisoners as hostages, with the outbreak of a shooting. <br /> <br /> I was very impressed with the photographic work of a longtime employee of Demme, the operator Tak Fujimoto, because he is able to set up a few moments that stop the eyes in confined spaces, cells and rooms, which is not an easy task. The prison is bad enough, and the girls, although they are quite attractive, look like some desperate prisoners, longing for, missing from the very pits of their souls, to escape this horrible imprisonment. Steele is great as a commander, understanding how to take a role close to the edge, not going far, sincerely capable of expressing the madness of her suppressed figure under restraint. Notice how she works with glasses and settles herself without blowing up, especially when certain behaviors have contempt for pushing her to the edge. Cale's blues score is incredibly depressing, while at the same time casting an eye on the audience that the film is still fun and entertaining. I think Cale's score reflects the way Demme deals with the material. The partnership of Cale and Demme is an amazing alliance that presents the environment as a sad, insulating, onerous place, and at the same time almost simultaneously presents a humorous tone that permeates thanks to colorful characters, thanks in part to the cast personalities. My favorite scene happens outside the prison, because our two girlfriends (... joining forces with one third) interrupt the robbery of an already ongoing bank. Kicker is the bank that they planned to rob! As you might expect, you get naked women in showers, a prisoner in loneliness, a cat fight, shooting, escape attempts that do not work, and other exploiting elements (such as a frightening shock therapy session, not to exclude the shocking mentioned sequence where Dr. screwy uses Belle). It is interesting that Demme reports the film to the audience without a breeze, understanding exactly what kind of film he creates.
