Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary New World Pictures is highly rated as one of the best classics 70's grindhouses in chains that ever adorn celluloid. Beautiful star of Russ Meyer Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin gives a strong, winning role as a brilliant, resilient new fish that tries to persevere in a dirty, infernal prison. Always fantastic Barbara Steele offers a deliciously wicked portrait as a vile, crippled, sexually frustrated head (her erotic dream of making a slow, steamy striptease before the prisoners is a real weakness). Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers"), a favorite film actress from the 70s from the 70s, provides a cheerful, cheerful and engaging phrase, as a cheerful attacker with curses, which tells about Pinnochio a stupid joke. Lynda Gold (aka Crystin Sinclaire of Eaten Alive by Tobe Hooper and Ruby by Curtis Harrington) makes her lively movie debut uninhibited wild crazy Alice. And always cozy Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a charming, touching replay of her fragile, frightened, innocent role from "Lemory: A Childhood Story of the Supernatural." <br /> <br /> Although this picture provides a lot of vulgar language, nudity, violence and violence, it is by no means a stupid and sexist piece of mindless dirt; the film very effectively investigates the many ways men use cruelly women, and strongly states that feminists can overcome all obstacles if they are grouped together so that they can bravely confront their misogynistic oppressors as one powerful fighting force. Boldness, the fiduciary direction of Demme passes through the glorious abundance of randomly observed details and delightful moments of captivatingly bizarre human behavior. What's more, both vivid photos of Tak Fujimoto and the wonderfully disgusting result of John Cale's blues are 100% perfect. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the noisy, monstrously dangerous appearance of a monster with a cheap rubber-monster - "The Trail of the Moon Beast") has a side bit like a jerky cop whose car was stolen by three escapees from the prison when the gas station stops to use the bathroom. Vivid, thrilling and extremely pleasant, "Caged Heat" qualifies as absolutely necessary watching for fans shooting movies from the 70s.
