The premise for this film was to focus on the polarization of ideology in the United States. It was a highly flammable scenario in America in which two completely different cultures collided. What, anyway, justifies shamefully depraved actions? As this movie depicts the scene (while Hickock and Smith drank) these two men were not drunk or drugged !! It was a clear case of cold and calculated meditation ... Basically, these violent acts were the final result of emotional and social neglect ... Ever after 1975, we, the nation, nurtured empathy for perverts who were persecuted by their environment ... However, this the incident takes place in 1959 !! This terrible revelation exposed us and plunged the nation into a crazy ethical conflict !! With the recent release of the film "Capote" based on Truman Capote, the creators of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the Americans cultivated a new fascination with this film !! Robert Blake portrayed the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this movie ... It seems appropriate considering the publicity with which he was associated in his personal life !! "In the cold blood" focuses on the unexplained element ... There was no revenge, there were no material benefits, there was also no potential for social advancement, it is only an example of latent and insidious anger, which ends, certainly did not justify the means !! Situation diamonds, which Hickock and Smith mourned, were always suggestive !! Under these circumstances, why should they vent their frustrations on an anonymously unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family? .. Will Geer (grandfather Walton) plays a prosecutor who is affected by this act of gruesome capitulation !! His argument is entirely convincing ... His assertion is: "Those two people who have not showed mercy, now ask for yours". This is a line of logic that would make me pass a conviction if I were to be one of the jury members !! Absolute contempt for your uncertain life situation does not serve as a confirmation for the organization of capital crime !! This Capote instinct has dictated that such a mad act of violence should be turned to American public opinion !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things that will come ... "In Cold Blood" just did it !! This incident was a calm before the storm related to the important aspect of the emergence of the radical 60's !! Such deadly charade also served as an insight into individual interests that would besiege many typical Americans for the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a lot of work, authenticating this wild phenomenon with his book (which was a bestseller), and with this document ... Acting in this film by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as people like like John Forsythe, it was amazing !! Director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a hot tin roof", "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo", to name a few !!) was great in his joint efforts in this film !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best films in movie history !! The film presents two reprehensible revivals of depravity, which deepened into insane theatrology and ended the captivating banal gratification for being recognized at a pejorative nationwide level !! suppliers of violence !! The ideologies of our nation are now extremely different than they were in 1959 !! This movie introduces the Americans to the emotional and hesitant perpetrators who initiated such an uncertain metamorphosis in our overall system of values ​​!! I recommend to everyone that they see this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point of the movie "Capote"! Think about it, making a film about a movie is a rare and desirable Hollywood award !! In the case of "In Cold Blood" this is an extreme example of a film that is a substitute clairvoyant, intellectually uplifting and, of course, it is obvious that "In Cold Blood" was completely enchanting, as well as a totally remarkable movie !!
