The real thriller that is the core of In Cold Blood may seem a bit "tame" for those who are tame about classic tales about the serial killer (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just more famous cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). The main facts in this case are not terribly complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, respectively) met with some luck, conspired to rob a man's rural home in Kansas, and after killing a family of four with Shotgun and dagger, she left with $ 43. In addition to returning to the US after escaping briefly to Mexico, there is not much secret to solve. They were caught by a certain ironic case (a police officer followed them and stopped them for stealing a car after Smith and Hickcock helped the boy and his older bottle collector to change) and sentenced him to hang around his neck until he died. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it's a story, disputable moments, performances, a purely cinematic touch that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (late / great) DP Conrad Hall provides a clear, black and white panoramic image and a style of storytelling that is realistic without going into excessive naturalism or too much melodrama (except maybe in the end which is perfect). The novel of the tragedy is behind history and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man who is conjured up, as the narrator notices, by Smith and Hickcock, but because of the inevitability of history. You feel somehow for those criminals who in other hands would just be conventional characters or something from the movie B. They are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least all the time. <br /> <br /> It's also a great "road movie" as we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down to the Clutter mansion (the actual night scene of crime at the end of the movie), then to Mexico and then back to America towards Las Vegas. We have to immerse ourselves in the personalities of these two, probably even more than the police detectives who initially have no clues, and then finally rest with the prisoner. Actually, it's a bit worrying to get closer to these two (something similar to the pointless character of the heroes of Malick's Badlands), and is also a sign of courage in this period. There are no sermons, like "he did it because of it, one way or another." We see how Smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity of the film is too big, maybe even too much for the Capote book (which, I must admit, I have not read yet, though I plan). And we see that Hickcock is the creature with unwavering self-confidence (ie, getting a suit and other things with bad checks), but without any deeply rooted explanation of all this. <br /> <br /> The streak of fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the harshest 1960s, and it's lucky that Brooks has his stars as Blake in his top performance (this and Lost Highway, which is strange, considering his real saga in recent years, his quintessential work) and Wilson's breakthrough before he became a character actor. While they are surrounded by great supportive work, they are incredibly absorbing, driven more or less by greed and fantasies of escapism with the treasure, and are essentially grounded in their situation through the cell of death and their goals. Is this the morale of this story, if it can be that it is more frightening to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be classified that good and evil are blurred? Smith apologized for his crime before he was suspended, and he points out: "but who?" This is a story that will give the most hardened fans of the real crime chills bonafide and this is probably the best American movie from 1967.
