Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas keeps a large amount of cash at hand in the safe. November 15, 1959 At two o'clock in the morning murder the state and Mrs. Clutter and their teenage son and daughter. After a small police investigation, both men were found and sentenced to hang. In Cold Blood (1967), the director is Richard Brooks. Now I have not read the novel Truman Capote, on which the movie is based, so I can not make any comparisons. The film is doing a great job talking about these horrible events that have taken place. Robert Blake is perfect as Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years ago, being accused of his wife's murder. It is now free, but we still do not know the truth. What it can be is still a very good actor. Scott Wilson performs an amazing job as Hickock. John Forsythe is great as Alvin Dewey.Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen.Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock.Same with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McLiam introduces Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is the daughter of Nancy, and Paul Hough is the son of Kenyon. Great work of each of them. from a lighter side. It's pretty cool when Perry wants to hunt for gold in Mexico and says to Hickock: Remember Bogart in the Treasure of the Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself was in this movie as a boy! And this is a funny moment when they, picking up this boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and turn them into a refund. These darker moments are the most haunting. Terrifying. When Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy last time, and she says, "Oh, please, no" ... Man's brutality can not be explained. Then a hanging scene. Hickock goes first and then Perry, talking to the minister for the first time. In the last video we see Perry hitting the end of the rope. Certain movies and books may try to sympathize with these villains. Especially the character of Perry is someone you can regret for. his mom and dad whom he hates but still loves. But that does not change the fact that the two men that these actors portray are brutal killers who do not regret anyone. They go to this house and murder the whole family in cold blood. How could you sympathize with these people?
