As I saw it, my fascination with Academy Awards evolved from intense interest to free entertainment. Like the other comments I've written, the bizarre results of voting for the Oscar are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five nominees for Best Picture is one of those inexplicable cases, especially when one of the nominations this year went to a miserable and unobservable "Dr. Dolittle ". While only an insomnia or masochist would tune in to this disaster, Rex Harrison, the mighty adaptation of Truman Capotes' novel by Richard Brook, retains the ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him completely exhausted by the final disappearance. Although there is nothing particularly graphic or macabre on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Based on a multiple murder in Nebraska in the 1950s and filmed in places where the murders took place, "In Cold Blood" was filmed by the master of photographs of Conrad Hall in black and white. widescreen aspect ratio. With the alarming result of Quincy Jones, Hall's work should be rewarded over the title of Brook's script as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. The performances are also fine. Scott Wilson is a cold grace, and Robert Blake intensely introversial as two assassins. (At some point, a joke appears when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" while the duo goes to Mexico. As a children's star, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in John Huston's film). The film, like the book, is definitely leaning towards the killers and has a bend against the death penalty, although the mercy of the murderers somewhat negates this feeling despite difficult final scenes to watch. Some have criticized this film because it focuses on criminals, their environments and life, while the Clutter family, who was literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, came across one-dimensional characters with little significance. This imbalance comes from the book, because Capote spent a lot of time with two assassins when they were on death row. The Clutter family apparently was not examined at the same depth. However, any feelings that you may feel for or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" leave you in deep contradictory thoughts. Run a double account with "Dead Man Walking" and you can not speak for a few days.
