In 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a thrilling 1967 thriller - has two new interesting contexts that he did not have before. First of all, and most moving, the fact is that the star, Robert Blake, was recently tried for murdering his wife. Secondly, the recently awarded Oscar biopic "Capote" showed the tangled story of this persecuting author of a real crime story, Truman Capote. These two new phrases make the film up-to-date for contemporary audiences. <br /> <br /> As an independent film from that era, "In Cold Blood" is at the highest level in every respect. The most noteworthy is the stunning black and white photos from Conrad Hall (later the fame of "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition"). Many photos from this movie from a Kansas farm at night or tree-lined country roads can be sold as artistic photography. In combination with Brooks's "cracker-jack" and excellent editing in the early stages (where we see the daily life of an innocent family, which is to be senselessly murdered beautifully entwined with plotting two hapless assassins), there is a rich, thoughtful atmosphere created, which prepares the scene for thrilling tension (even when everyone knows how it all ends due to the fact that everything is based on real events). It is also great to see today how brilliantly organized a scene of shocking murder, in which the graphic nature of the act is passed to the viewer subconsciously without the drops of blood shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also well anchored in the amazing performance of Robert Blake as a more sympathetic but senseless brutal side of the deadly duet. The scenes of retrospection for his horrible childhood are extremely well made. Then there is a scene at the end of the movie, where he talks with the reverend before he is sent to the gallows, and he repeats his last "confession". This is one of those classic movie moments that is a great combination of acting, perfect writing, perfect direction and haunted photography. I dare to erase from my mind the raw image of the rain coming from the window running down Robert Blake's pale face instead of the actual tears. <br /> <br /> The only obstacle to "In Cold Blood" is a slow moving center in which the killers are on the lamas and forced character of the social commentary at the end. The attached political message on the death penalty is secondary to the convincing representation of crazy killers and their victims.
