Although it was released in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD still remains the pattern that all real crime movies fit. Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY), a veteran writer, adapted Truman Capote's non-fiction book for a bloodcurdling docudrama that still holds up alarming power thirty-five years later. Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-cons who, at the tip of Hicock's old colleague, Floyd Wells, broke into Herbert Clutter's home in Holcomb, Kansas, looking for a wall safe allegedly containing $ 10,000. But no safe was ever found, and the two men killed Mr. Clutter, his wife and two children instead, only running away with the radio, binoculars and poor forty dollars. Two months of running, including a pointless "vacation" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when the cops caught them in a stolen car. But in the end he comes out, after the ruthless mourning of law enforcement officers in Kansas that these two men have committed this shameful crime at Holcomb. Tried and sentenced for four murders, they imprison in a five-year period of appeals and denials until both are hanged on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith absolutely cool, two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they did, but they are afraid that they will be caught. John Forsythe also performs a good run as Alvin Dewey, the main detective investigating the crime, as did Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is both faithful to the book of Capote and a good artistic passion all around, Brooks does not show the murders in the beginning; instead, he shows the two assassins who approach Clutter's house when the last light goes out, and then goes on to the next morning and the terrifying discovery of the bodies. It's only on the way back to Kansas, when Blake is interrogated by Forsythe and tells the story if we see a real horror of what happened that night. We do not see too much blood in these scenes, but we do not have to. The blasts of the shotgun and the terrified look on the faces of the Clutters, who know they will soon die, are disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to visibly bloody film violence. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed in COLD BLOOD in raw black and white, and the results are perfect thanks to Conrad Hall's knowledge. The sharp jazz result of Quincy Jones is a whim. The end result is one of the most disturbing movies of any kind ever made, devastating your own low key. This is a 134-minute study of the crime that has shaken the entire state, and even the whole nation, and should be seen, although it is advisable to recognize the viewer; the "R" rating exists for some reason.
