For anyone who has moderate sensitivity, a moderate sense of human and human condition, for anyone who is able to cross the Hollywood boundary, for anyone who is satisfied seeing a movie that does not have a Seagalow / Willis / Van Dammes series exploding from anybody or seeing who is getting in, for someone who achieves an intellectual level capable of grasping, understanding, understanding, laughter, crying. With a natural, warming, cheerful, compassionate HUMAN BEING, "Le Huitième Jour" awaits you. Jaco van Dormael did not just get a masterpiece, it would be too easy; he has achieved one of those rare monumental works of art in the cinematographic world, which opposes all forms of hermetization. Is this a drama? Is this a comedy? No: it's the story of Georges, a wonderful, funny, pathetic, funny, terrified, beautiful personality who suffers from Downes syndrome. This is a story in which you laugh with tears, but this is not one of those classic tears; this film moves in a world where you immediately mix feelings of compassion or pity and even shame with feelings of admiration, warmth and even love. A successful bank salesperson, Harry, runs into Georges: they were both going in opposite directions with completely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; skillfully van Dormael melts these two incredible men into a warm friendship, but it is much more than a good friendship of friends of those who drink beer. It is a relationship that develops into a deep need for both. The cuasi-surreal scenes fit perfectly: Georges mentions (or invents) past scenes of his life during sleep or sleep; even the almost phantasmagoric final scene is completely correct. The only scene that can be considered a bit out of place is stealing a bus and moving it out of the living room. However, it does not detract from the whole. This movie is a monument. Even if your French is not very popular, please see it with subtitles. "Le Huitième Jour" is worth the trouble. Regarding anything else, just read the following comments? I go with them all. This film is a joy, majestic, unique. If you've seen "Rain Man", which I consider to be an excellent film, you must see this one: it is much better because there is no superficial veneer of the famous Hollywood actors of world renown; has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? TEN Oscars for these two and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10, if the IMDb rating does not break down under the influence of voltage. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
