This film has all the sizes and grandeur of many great bible epics of the 1950s and 1960s. But it is perhaps the first that really humanizes the biblical characters themselves. The best thing is that it does not reduce them in the viewer's eyes. It is a unique and convincing balance that helps us to realize that even great people, such as David, are flawed people who have their disadvantages in their faith and greatness. <br /> <br /> All actors are the first in the film Gilbert Barnett as the second son of David, Absolom, to the great Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at the best of this film. Her real truthful, but bigger than the acting style, is quite home here. She is always a seducer, but she plays a role in a way that makes her feel compassionate. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey is doing a great job as a Nathan prophet. As a child, when I saw the movie for the first time, Massey seemed to really talk to the Lord himself and was an amazing sight. No doubt also helped by the great music composed by the ever-amazing Alfred Newman, who was also very successful in other bible epics, such as "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told", and probably 100 other films! Photography of the cinema Leon Shamroy is well done and adds size, but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underestimated film director who, like William Wyler, has never really categorized himself into any genre, combines a larger than life production that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's deep fight with his faith in God. The path in this movie could be very hokey, but King keeps it all in a real and interesting way. Besides, we never lose the sense of mystery when we try to understand the will of God, just as David himself is struggling with the same. From the first scene in which the soldier dies, trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (paraphrasing) that no one can understand the will of God. It is a journey in which we enter the great end, in which David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this film belongs to Gregory Peck, who is wonderful as King David. His David is a man who can be believed that he could ruthlessly rule the country, but he was once a faithful singer of the psalms. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I can not see the movie on TV anymore, but when I do, I have never let him down. I think that today is very good.
