There is no lack of bad dialogue with David and Bathsheba? "I was fed up with a slingshot," "The King of all Israel there in the dark, putting himself out to the enemy" (full of signs to Dennis Hooey for delivering this with a straight face), "Go and sit down from a concubine. "And somehow I doubt that bored David once told the prophet Nathan:" Whatever you say. " He even tries the old routine "My kingdom does not understand me" in the matter of the desperate housewife Batszeby at some point. So it's probably a tribute to Henry King's direction that the film is not bad at all, despite the traps that most of the first third provides. Maybe this is the plot of censorship? a married man kills a femme fatale husband and avoids him! ?? but King emphasizes the growing moral and theological complexities in Phillip Dunne's script instead of raising sin and sandals. This is David's conflicted on the slope, abandoned by a vengeful God who he no longer understands, and the film does not withdraw from the awkward, irrefutable questions about why a loving deity will decide to take revenge on the innocent and not guilty. It even offers a truly surprising critique of sexual inequality in the law in which the falls of husbands result in the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who pushed the king in favor of the more interesting Saul, David is in the center of the drama, and despite the interesting display of shoulder vibrations and honestly boundless approach during a visit to the death site of Saul and Jonathan, Gregory Peck's performance grows as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is a purely Hollywood professional, Raymond Massey is a theatrical prophet, respectively (why is it naturalistic when you have a voice that makes the quake very high?) ​​And Uriah Kieron Moore, such an uncompromised, unrecognized chauvinist you can blame David accurately for putting him in danger, but in spite of the delicate dissemination of the film, he does not allow him to leave morally for free. With a surprisingly strong, yet toned design and photography, Technicolor is definitely a cut over most epic biblical epics from the 1940s and 1950s. <br /> <br /> The new Fox DVD is a good transfer, including an incredibly "honest" hokey behind the scenes short and trailer with short photos removed from the only battle scene of the film.
