This film is famous for several features: a literary magazine, once in a partially religious film, Philip Dunne, some very good performances, first-class production in each department and his intelligent leadership by veteran Henry King. If we were making a film, getting talent like Leon Shamroy as an operator, Lyle Wheeler as artistic director and Alfred Newman as a composer of original music, would guarantee the quality of production. Add a cast of the movie, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the characters in the title, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, and Gwen Verdon's dance, and expectations can be raised that the resulting film can be made in something special. But in the biblical thematic scenario, usually a subgenus susceptible to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything ultimately depends on the skill of the author. Philip Dunne has brought people here, which is a rare achievement in Bible films. David is a man in this film, multilateral, and not someone who does mythic acts on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-sufficient and attractive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is not an ideal choice, but he conveys a lot of common sense and emotional normality that helps to understand why the King of Israel would risk so much for her. The rest of the cast is steadfast and able to change. Knowledge of the story gives them little work, but the author Dunne and cast do as much as possible in human situations. David's youth is spoken of in retrospection; as he was chosen by the Prophet Yahweh to be the King of Israel, and earns his way to the king, Saul, by defeating Goliath in battle, when all others are afraid to wade a great warrior. Then he is finally expelled from the court of the king of Israel, he becomes a famous warrior and returns to take away the kingdom and become the instrument of death for Jonathan, son of the king, formerly a friend. His wars are successful - the film opens in reality with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty because his wife Michał, Jayne Meadows, is the daughter of Saul and he is cold. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees from the roof of the palace, bathing naked; she later admits that she had hoped to see her. But she has Uriah's husband; when it becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to enter the battlefield and spend time at home; instead, he asks David to put him at the head of the battle, even after being stimulated by Verdon's dance. David agrees. He was killed, a war hero; but that does not solve the problem of infidelity. Drought comes to Israel, and the king's unfaithfulness is accused of this phenomenon. In the end, David puts his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and residing in the temple, which caused the death of other people who accidentally encountered her, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David leaves the temple and states that the rain fell on his parched earth. This film is always interesting, diverse in terms of types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author use the observer principle and sincerely more successful in humanizing the characters than in almost every film outside the Grecianized-Near Eastern canon, in which the feat is a bit easier because neither the wonderful nor the religious motives are in the center of such adventures. . Saved for his brilliant implementation, great performances and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort bears repeated research.
