Not being a FPS shooter fan I was very hesitant in this game. After playing the demo, I was sold. "Immortal" really attracts you to the game and becomes part of the universe in which your character is. You have this green amulet, called the Gel'ziabar stone, which has special powers and warns you of certain events to look at. Thanks to the special "scrye" charm, you can see some things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Going down the corridor, you suddenly hear a magical stone whisper: "Look," with a stone shining, for example, in the picture. And then using the scrye spell you can see strange and scary things in the picture. Let me tell you that you are witnessing something like that is horrible as hell. People who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget about it, even using cheats. This game is based on a figure using reason and careful walking. Because, as in any horror movie, the environment is usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters appear at random when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is one scene where you want to enter a room where you are pushed away with so much power that you need moments to realize what happened. It was a scene that could come straight from the classic horror movie "Evil Dead"! The experience of something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that take "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever made. Unfortunately, I have to report that there are some disadvantages. First of all, the universe in which you play is huge. You start in a big residence with all kinds of secret, secret rooms, and even a hidden hellish dimension called "Oneiros". At the beginning everything is fine. But with all the charging times and tough enemies between them it can become frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires memorizing the surroundings. Patience is therefore required. There are also jumping puzzles that you must do, otherwise you can not grow. I do not mind jumping on platforms in the adventures of a third person. But in the first person mode it can be an annoying task. Fortunately, you can save anywhere, anytime. And trust me, you'll need it. In general, "Undying" is an extraordinary first-person shooter that every horror or game fan deserves.
