My scalp is still clever because of the glowing coals that have formed on it, when I vowed that I love this film. Bring the coals; I will move on and once again say that I love "Bend it like Beckham". I admit that there are many "in spite of" in confession. It's a little movie of the week; the scenario is on the paint side by numbers. And, worst of all, the director's commentary suggests that beauty in this film can be found primarily in white skin. <br /> <br /> The movie's genius is not obvious to Syd. , topics, construction. It is both on the surface and on what lurks deeply, but not on those layers of the artistic surface layer, which the reviewers seem to scratch the most. Powerful, sometimes half-clad women's bodies, not only at the show, but kicking shit in football, better naturalises the strength and agility of women than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi. These are real bodies (except for Keira Knightley) whose job is not to look great and then kick your ass first. They are working bodies whose beauty lies in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, the main actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever made on the screen? not only because he can claim this trivial adjective, "luminous", but because her performance has sincere and non-book intelligence, which is absolutely fascinating. <br /> <br /> The result is a movie that women can enjoy without feeling like they were making a pact with the devil. Like Chadha's "Bride and Prejudice," women's relationships are spitting with chemistry that can not be carefully put in terms of "best friends" or "sisters." Perhaps Chadha is even right in his commentary to deny flirtation with a film of lesbianism. "Bend it like Beckham" has electricity that can not be reduced to a straight hetero / homosexual love triangle that would suggest a conventionally written script. The exact nature of his pleasure is ultimately a bit of a mystery? and it's all the more seductive. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, did I mention it's funny?
