The saddest thing about this movie is that only 8 people wanted to leave it, and NO-ONE found it worthwhile to leave a comment on the forums. <br /> <br /> Made in the same year as Philadelphia ... Oscar winner Tom Hanks ... is a movie that people REALLY should see and award prizes. There's more humanity in these two people, life, love, tenderness and beauty than any other gay movie I've seen ... and that's all true. <br /> <br /> In order to print it, I have to leave a few lines of text: it is enough to say that anyone who REALLY wants to know what it's like to be gay in the 1960s and 1970s and understand how AIDS was before contemporary drug shakes "has allowed people to breathe a little easier ... this is a movie that you can see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal comment about AIDS. After all, there was a silver lining in the whole horror. When AIDS first appeared, it was called "homosexual cancer," and governments preferred to "let them die" rather than spend red money on research to help save a handful of pedals. Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease. But the government was not prepared for it; So when people started to get sick, the only organizations and associations that were available to them were organizations created by gays themselves (examples: The Names Project: a quilt commemorating all who died of AIDS, Act Up, etc.) As a result people who probably they would never have had contact with gays in their ordinary life, they suddenly found themselves on them and needed them because there were no other organizations. In my opinion, this close contact is what ultimately broke the barriers of prejudice and allowed the simple world to finally accept gays as equal. When AIDS first appeared on the stage, many of us thought that a simple world would use it as a way to descend on us even more ... and that would probably be true if fear did not suddenly get sick; nevertheless, the progress made in the liberation of homosexuals - to the extent that, writing this, there are at least five countries in the world that accept homosexual marriages - these profits would probably bring us a lot more time without AIDS together. It is sad to think that all these people - both heterosexual and gays - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I write here is true and I think it is so - it's a bit of a comfort to realize that all these people did not die in vain.
