"Dragonlord" sees that Chan returns to the role of "Dragon" from the "Young Master". However, not much was moved from the first movie. Nowhere you can see "Tiger", his older brother; Marshall, his daughter and his son are not superbly played by Yuen Biao in the original movie. But the dragon has the same master - probably all other students have gone to other things. (Dragon laziness on training is heavily depicted in this film, so maybe he's still learning!) <br /> <br /> Originally titled "Young Master in Love," this movie sees the Dragon (at least for the first sixty minutes) of a girl aspiring to go to the village for various idiotic and slapstick ways. His rival for her love is his friend (improperly named "Cowboy") played comically by a longtime member of the band Chan Stunt-Mars. We see different scenes in which their stupid schemes have the opposite effect. This is one of those scenes in which (fortunately) we find the "Dragon" overhead. <br /> <br /> This movie is known for having failed the checkout. Having said that, I am sure that expectations were quite high and I feel that this film never had a fair judgment based on its own merits. But even when I try to do it, I still feel there is a problem with the movie. It seems quite out of focus, sometimes rushed and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's other works from that period. <br /> <br /> The thing that really saves the movie is the final sequence. As in "The Young Master", there is a fantastic last drum that is full of incredibly grueling action - you really feel every blow. And again, Chan is facing the same rival with "The Young Master" (is that the same hero?), And time and energy are brilliant here. Chan's style of using every piece of his environment to help defeat an opponent - not just relying on pure physical ability - is as visible here as anywhere else. The barn in which they fight is full of clever little gags and improvisations. This is the absolute highlight of the film and one of Chana's amazing careers. <br /> <br /> You do not need to watch the prequel before seeing "The Dragon Lord", in fact it can even cause more questions than what the answer hopes. But it must be said that the original film is the superior movie, and the "Dragonlord", with an emphasis on pursuit of a girl and a team sport, seems surprising. Fortunately, a few fight scenes he offers (and a fantastic scene with a shuttle dick), move it up as a compulsory movie in this genre.
