This movie has to be watched in the right mood. First of all, the central relationship between father and son clearly shows that the film was to be an introduction to the Wong Fei Hung movie "Drunken Master" (ideas from this movie return in "Drunken Master II" and not "Young Master"; that Chan withdrew from of this plan and renamed the characters, indicates that he himself was not convinced that the material is approaching properly, and indeed, the film conveys the feeling of being incomplete, for example a romantic relationship around which half of the story "Young master" turns around, of the same period, he also feels underdeveloped, but at least all of his central themes are linked to each other at the end of the movie, which looks like Chan struggled with the story and characters trying to find their main subject, only to give up the effort, perhaps due to time and budget. <br /> <br /> And maybe the movie is just too ambitious. This is an important feedback movie in Chan's career, because he commits himself to about developing the central form above all other fears - that's why the film lacks such a kung fu. Chan wants to create a romantic romantic comedy that has a kung fu. But both the historical element and the romantic element are nothing more than twists and turns. <br /> <br /> That leaves us in a comedy. Because Chana's concern is character development, comedy is largely driven by character - as in the conflict between the character of Chan and his best friend, a quarrel about the girl. But there is also a lot of slapstick. Honestly, comedy is fun enough to forgive the incompleteness of the story. <br /> <br /> This movie is an attempt by Chan to find a real formula that he could use and develop over time. It does not really work, and Chan would find this formula only after leaving the historical elements of his earlier films, creating a modern comedy of the action "Police Story". But back to watching the movie, it's still very instructive how Chan broke through the historical genre and maybe that's why he abandoned him.
