Although Louis B. Mayer was apparently not interested in signing a contract with young Greta Garbo, this first American and MGM movie for the actress looked quite beautiful. It is obvious that the film has been attributed an incredible talent for filming production and creating dull paintings, because it has all the nice polishing and ingenuity that can be expected from the best photos that the studio can produce. It just looks beautiful - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, like her other very early American movies, she also looks different. Although it is quite recognizable, its make-up is much softer than it would have been a year later - giving it a less sharp look and gentleness that you have not seen in your next movies. I would like them to keep this look, but considering how much it would become famous thanks to the look of the trademark, who am I to say that they should not have gone this way ?! The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are being unjustly thrown out of the land by the owner. While the landlady, respected Doña Bernard, claims that because the bank demanded payment, it is because her son fell on Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to force them to the streets! Nice lady, what ?! Years pass and Garbo has become a new sensation of singing, which is known around the world. When she returns to her hometown many years later, her old boyfriend (who HAD promised to marry her, but stopped when his mother, Dona Bernarda, refused), did not see her. His new love for another woman is now being tested - will he be pleased that he will marry this woman who is the heiress of a huge pig fortune or will he want his old flame? And more importantly, will Garbo take him back after he behaved so carelessly? In the meantime, a huge storm hits. The land begins to flood, and the houses are soon washed away by the flood. Cortez and his friend make a crazy end when the dam bursts! In the scene where they apparently put his rowing boat on a cascading stream, he finally gets out alive and into the house where Garbo is now. He takes them inside and stays with her until the storm passes. He then admits that he still loves her and confronts the storm to make sure she is safe. He tells him to get lost! Then you see that Ricardo is about to marry the second choice, the daughter of the Pigs King. Apparently there is no enthusiasm for it - and you feel sorry for it because it has done nothing wrong. Soon, we see Cortez wandering back to Garbo's house - he's sick of love and needs her. In this scene Garbo is quite luminous and can not tell him to leave - when they melt in his arms. Once again, she tells her about her love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns about it, she is not satisfied. Apparently the Queen of Pork is a better catch than the world-famous singer. Because of this nasty old woman, Garbo walks away - not wanting to enter between her mother and her naughty son. But Cortez runs - announcing that he MUST have her and will not rest until he is her wife. Moments after this announcement, a family friend talks to Cortez and persuades him to give her back for the sake of his career and reputation. It's just that "she will not rest until she has her for her wife", eh? Even though Cortez is a wimp, for some reason he can not hate him. And so he marries the Queen of Pork and lives a very boring life. When Garbo met Cortez years later, he is a middle-aged boring man - while she is as beautiful as ever. And it is not surprising that once again he tells him to get lost. <br /> <br /> Garbo was not a star in the USA while making this movie, and Cortez was. In this regard, it is surprising that they gave Cortez such an unlikely form to play. Instead of the usual Valentino role they gave him, he is an undecided mollusc - a HUGE wimp. From then on, his career was slow. As for Garbo, the role helped to set her as a big star - because it was of interest to the film and played a figure similar to her later characters. <br /> <br /> As for the film, new music composed because it was very nice, although a bit repetitive. The printout, oddly enough, was almost perfect throughout the document, with the exception of subtitled cards - which could use some restoration. <br /> <br /> The most enjoyable movie - expertly constructed, wistful and worth seeing. And for one of the few moments when I think about it, I have no real complaints in this great film.
