Bored and unhappy young grandmother Zandalee (winning the sensuality and spontaneous passionate brunette knockout Erika Anderson) feels trapped in a musty and love-free marriage with an unsuccessful poet and a decent, but boring businessman Thierry Martin (solid and credible portrait of Judge Reinhold). Zandalee has feverish adultery with miserable and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (proudly played on Nicolas Cage's slimy hilt). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Can everything fall apart and go to the semen? The director, Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Mari Kornhauser, put on thick histrionics in the style of the soap opera, trying to tell a would-be and insightful tale of lust and its potentially dangerous consequences; the story goes off the tracks in a ridiculously histrionic last third. Dialogue is also fun stupid and vulgar (an exemplary poem: "I want to shake you naked and eat you alive"). What's more, this movie certainly provides a lot of tasty feminine nudity (wonderfully sculpted Anderson looks hot in the movie) and sizzling semi-pornographic scenes with a soft core (Johnny and Zandalee do dirty work in a church confessional, where he values ​​himself as a specific exciting highlight) . Tart unbridled scenery of New Orleans adds extra spice to the already vicious procedure. With his long, sloppy black hair, fat mustache, disgusting mouth and rough manners, Johnny Cage is an absolute bang, as the most blatantly uninteresting "romantic" trail that penetrates him into celluloid. The cast deserves props to act with admirable honesty: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold do a respectful job with their parts, with the excellent support of Joe Pantoliano as a merry extravagant homosexual friend Zandalee Gerri, Viveca Lindfors as Wise, Observant Mother of Tatry Tatiana, Aaron Neville ' and as a friendly barman Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny, cheeky thief. Sharp and shiny images by Walt Lloyd give the image an attractive, glossy look. The tasty, harmonic score of Pray for Rain also hits the spot. Deliciously resounding campaign and seamy.
