I saw "New York: I Love You" today and I loved it! I really could not wait to see it after seeing "Paris je t'aime" and in general I think I liked it a lot better ... Maybe I have to watch "Paris je t'aime" again, I do not know .. I have read some reviews about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without flaws. When you pay tribute to the city of New York - it can be quite overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to make a city because of justice ... so without discussing any flaws in the movie, I will write only what you liked. <br /> <br /> In contrast to "Paris je t'aime", in which the short film of each director was divided into segments and titled, NY: ILY is not and many reviewers found here the liquidity of the story and overlapping the characters here are annoying and even confusing. I thought differently. I loved how the stories just flowed one by one, and I especially liked the overlap of the characters - it can be fun because the movies are done so often. But I still liked it, because it was not necessary for me. The idea that in the end we are all connected, has this wistful, almost capricious quality - which some may find, but I find it beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but the one I touched the most was Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well done and described in the scenario that the releasing finally - again unused in the past - led me to tears and cried in the entire next segment. I've always liked Wright Penn, and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. This precious initial few seconds, when he stands alone in front of the restaurant, just before he calls - speak loudly about Cooper's ability to pass the character simply by being there without a word. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in this movie include characters that meet for the first time or meet recently, except for 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and maybe I'm wrong) that the stories were different, but all tried to get back to the core, even needs, just step back and see in a new light people and things that we know in our lives for a long time; see people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them the same way you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> Other films I liked were Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, Shekhar Kapura with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again Yvana Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they're in a cafe. I really have to see more of Yvan Attal's work because I like him a lot! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read the review before watching! It may not meet your expectations as to what a love film in New York should be and I doubt that any film really fulfills this concept. Just watch this movie in search of good music, beautiful landscape cinematography, a little comfort of life and stories or two that can move you.
