New York, I Love You finally reached our shores, but his 10 short stories about love somehow did not find enough reason to be released in Valentine's Day, probably due to the fact that this year's festival falls on the Lunar New Year and LNY hits like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who traditionally released their latest film during this period to loud success, come along. So why determine a formula that has not been broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing the concept, in which Paris, Je T'aime began to appear City of Love Franchise (Shanghai will be next, this is what the end of the final inscription says here), buzz here is definitely about interwoven stories taking place in one of the cities of the world to allow different interpretations of filmmakers around the world to come up with stories based on love as a subject, although someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson about a few more points of ground sandbox principles, and its abbreviation has been unceremoniously removed from the theater edition for it that she could not fit in everything (well, it was filmed in black and white), but here we hope to do it on DVD at least. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less divided compared to its predecessor, which, if memory is useful, had individual stories embedded in its own borders and never really break the boundaries created from its artificiality. There is a bit more freedom here, in which characters from different stories interact with short segments of fillers used to connect scenes together, and not only rely only on the collection of shots consisting of buildings and landscapes, in the hope that everything will look a little more unexpectedly with the thought of random encounters among strangers, although one story has insidiously adopted this way of thinking for its own narrative to provide a surprise, though already seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the best fate to watch a movie like this is definitely a creative force behind stories, from writers, directors and operators from different regions and environments reflecting the makeup of a cosmopolitan city, merging into a conceptual film. And what's more, star casts with great names among lesser-known people raise the ante through perfect image representations, whether on the entire short length or as support on which to build. It can not be denied that the star's initial glimpse of the notables, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writer's and director's duties), Rachel Bilson (looking like Bardot) to the blue-eyed boy Spielberg, Shii LaBeouf, who may behave surprisingly and show more in his few minutes here than the entire previous filmography. <br /> <br /> A wise story, like every anthology, you will find ones that will automatically speak to you, and with others that you don t have. Some of them are direct, while others have to come up with tricks that fortunately have worked . But these 10 plus-1 stories (because Randall Balsmeyer was entrusted with the task of integrating everything together for a greener feeling, and not just simply photographing less familiar areas and fixed landmarks) somehow lacked the spirit of "everything going" from his predecessor, stories more rooted in reality, compared to the fantastic elements in the previous movie (diavant Elijah Wood with someone vampire?), or even less risky with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle's and Tom Tykwer's with Natalie Portman). Here, it seemed that the filmmakers decided very much on security, and none of them ventured into the spirit of adventure and experiment. <br /> <br /> Apart from minor disputes, I was still enjoying almost all shorts, in contrast to what many others have felt about it. The format of the short film is still very lively, and combining them into one whole under the slogan City of Love works well and I wonder which other cities are or have been included in its composition. I hope that maybe the franchise will catch up here and expand its influence. We certainly have enough fertile filmmakers to connect to Singapore, I Love You, so I cross with my fingers that maybe something will happen. Otherwise, there will always be a Sawasdee Bangkok route to do without any attachments to the franchise rules.
