"Cinderella" is one of the most-loved by Disney classics. And it really deserves its status. Based on the classic fairy tale told by Charles Perrault, the film follows the trials and suffering of Cinderella, a good girl who is being mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally improbable sisters. When the royal ball is held and all eligible young women are invited (read: the king wants the prince to marry), Cinderella stays at home while the stepmother takes her terrible daughters with her. But there is also Fairy Godmother at your fingertips ... <br /> <br /> The history of "Cinderella" would not be able to write a function in itself, so in general, remaining faithful to this story, quite random characters of animals, which the Fairy Godmother uses, to help get the title character, they become real helpers of Cinderella. The mice Jaq and Gus are the main helpers, and their own nemesis is the cat of stepmother Lucifer. Their antics are intertwined with the main fairytale plot and are mostly magnificent. Admittedly, the movie slows down somewhat between the main introduction of the heroes and shortly before the sisters go to the ball, but after this slowdown the film really repeats itself and surprisingly (because "Cinderella" is the most destroyed history of all time probably) ends up as one of the most interesting stories Disney. <br /> <br /> Animation and the direction of art are beautiful. All the legendary Nine Old Men animated in this photo, as well as the Mary Blair's stylized color and conceptual style (she also created the concept and color stylization for "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "Three Caballeros" and many others) manages to navigate the screen. Colors and patterns are beautiful, especially in the scenes of God's Mother and balls, and also in these very small moments here and there. <br /> <br /> In general, "Cinderella" is among the best Disney fairies, stories and proposals recommended to young people and all that embodies the Disney philosophy that dreams can really come true.
