Walt Disney and his 9 Old Men have put together their own 1950 film about the classic Cinderella fairy tale, which I think may help create an unofficial "fairy-tale trilogy of the princess" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> PLOT: Cinderella is a nice girl who can not catch a break. She is the daughter of a nice, wealthy widower who loved her very much, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt he needed a mother, so he finally married a woman who would become known as Lady Tremaine, the widow herself with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first, everyone got along, but then Father Cinderella died and the true nature of Lady Tremaine came to light - she was a cold, cruel, soulless, soulless, malicious woman, and passed on these qualities to her daughters who were spoiled, ugly and equally vile. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella because they know she is better looking and generally prettier, more attractive than herself (ie more appealing to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. Over the years, Lady Tremaine began wasting family fortunes in a stubborn but futile attempt to improve / refine her clumsy, unattractive daughters (calling them "home" would be an insult to family people around the world) while all three have degraded Cinderella to be multi-tasked a servant of the house, abusing her, abusing her and humiliating every chance she gets (especially like to increase her already absurd amount of work). This brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she grew up to be a handsome young lady who somehow manages to remain kind and sympathetic despite her insulting steppe family and keeps hoping that one day the tables will change in her favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gives her the chance for freedom and happiness when the royal ball takes place, to introduce the local prince to a qualified young virgin so that he can take her as a wife, settle, start a family, etc. Naturally, her family step-by-step tries to stop her from going, even going to a physical attack on her and tearing the dress she bought (with a little help from mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). Finally, Cinderella, pushed beyond the point of breaking, runs into the courtyard and cries in despair. At this moment, her Fairy Godmother, a short, plump, cheerful woman who provides Cinderella with transport and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a good impression on the football if she stepped on the stage) as if she just raped the gang). Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls hard, but this unbearable rule at midnight bothers her, forcing her to flee, but leaving behind her glass slipper. Make a short story - after a long, shocking quest to find a mysterious girl by fastening a glass slipper, Cinderella is found, and she and the prince are getting married, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> In general, a pleasant Disney classic. Not without flaws, the most striking of which is the Prince is little more than MacGuffin, which helps to push the story - it has very little time for the screen and even less dialogue, so we never know it very well nor do we get a good look at it his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate because, according to the documentary, the prince was supposed to play a greater role), and a few additional scenes to help the body with Cinderella could be helpful (there was a song that showed that he fantasizes about transforming into a an army of maids to clean the house, and eavesdrop on the crotch ball to show her amusement because of their jealousy, which was cut because Walt himself thought she looked mischievous). Even so, Cinderella herself is a nice heroine, even if she is disturbed by the friends of mice, and the movie is getting harder to find. Of course, if it were done now, Cinderella would probably fight more with her family during the dressing scene and probably would free up at the climax (either by choosing the zipper itself or by doing an unpractical but exciting jump down from her window), but that's not it makes sense. <br /> <br /> And for all who say that Cinderella is a bad example for young girls, consider - at least Cinderella did not go publicly drunk and obscenely exposed, unlike some of the modern "princesses" (you know who I say).
