People criticize Disney's animated features from the 1950s too shimmering, set in landscapes that are too virgin. This criticism is correct. And yet it can not be the whole story, because the two least shiny - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. In turn, "Cinderella" set in a world where very dirty shines, is by far the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colors are clean without being too bright. Animation is slightly different. I swear that some people have been subjected to rotoscopy - but then rotoscop people (including Cinderella itself) are not full-blooded characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. These are really the animals that make the movie. I think that the studio has never used animals in this way, as totems, and not as helpers. Mice are, for example, creatures that draw us into history; but they are really representatives or allies of the more colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of sorceress known as Bad Stepmother. (The cat is ingeniously invented and animated - one of the best kittens of all time.) The supervisor was Ward Kimball and modeled him on his own cat. I wonder how he endured the animal.) This approach allows the animals to steal the show without taking our main story into account. Their actions are particularly interesting in the light of the main history. <br /> <br /> Among the cast supporting the outstanding people are the King and the Grand Duke. The king is the figure of one note - he wants to have grandchildren and it seems that he has no other desires - but the note is struck in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is an enforced person who deserves to be taken out of his realm as much as Cinderella. (Although, of course, it is richer.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is Disney's return to the function after an eight-year break, and neither with him nor with any subsequent film would regain the raw glow of his early years. What's more, he did some heavy things by choosing "Cinderella." She is a passive heroine and can not do much about it. (Maybe I'm wrong in this score - I have not seen "Ever After" lately.) Nevertheless, it is unusual how Disney has been successful in reviving this unpromising story without cutting its spirit.
