Legendary film producer Walt Disney brought the three biggest fairy tales in the world. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first of them was his groundbreaking classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" released in 1937. The last was the underestimated "Sleeping Beauty", which debuted in 1959. Between the two, it was probably the most satisfying adaptation of the classics. tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films "Cinderella" is the most faithful to its origins. Ironically, in contrast to "Śnieżka", which for better or worse, became for many people the final version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit and like "Snow White", he was responsible for restoring Disney's shrinking fate, he never achieved the same recognition for the audience he deserved. Disney, for example, was proud of himself, deciding not to manipulate the classic, instead developing and adding content to the story, instead of rewriting it to the screen. The result was captivating. <br /> <br /> The combination of perfect animation (in a beautifully soft Technicolor) and excellent voice talents revived the story with a splendor that continues to this day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio artist, recorded the song demonstration CDs as a favor to the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And he did. Woods sincere interpretations "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes", "So This Is Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who took Maleficent's voice in Sleeping Beauty, mastered the ice cruelty of her stepmother, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly nasty sisters. Luis Van Rooten performed wonderfully as both the King and the Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was both captivating as Jaq and Gus, the devoted Cinderella mice. William Phipps has few dialogues because the prince (future talk show host Mike Douglas has provided his singing voice), but the veteran of the film (and Disney), Verna Felton, was born to play the godmother and made the best number (nominated for an Oscar) Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo ") her own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the film was Mary Blair, whose inspired use of colors was very much admired by Disney. Its elegant French backgrounds add amazing quality to the film. But the most important of all are credible characters - from Cinderella, to Lucifer, the wonderfully evil stepmother's cat. They often bring life and spontaneity to a frequently told story, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> In connection with the 55-year anniversary of the film (and, not accidentally, the upcoming holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special DVD edition. It just never looked better. A fully restored film should be considered appreciated - just say it looks great. An improved stereo soundtrack has been added and it is good for music. DVD accessories, currently the standard part of the Disney Platinum Editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are aimed at children, some are slanted for adults, and the rest somewhere in between. But real fans will want to get a Deluxe gift set, because along with the real cell of the movie and eight sketches, the characters contain a 160-page hardback book that contains not only the majority of material found in the 1995 edition of the book, But much more more. As always at Disney, "Cinderella" will be available only for a limited time. So if, like me, you are a lover of "Cinderella", get him NOW! This edition is really "Dream Come True".
