Today there are very few performers who can impress me throughout the movie only thanks to their presence. One of those few is Judy Davis, who has built a successful career, creating characters stubborn in attitude, but very sensitive to the heart. He takes on roles that most other performers would treat melodramatically and add a fiery, deep emotional intensity that distracts attention from everything else on the screen. <br /> <br /> Her skills are clearly seen in the movie "High Tide" that suits her for the second time with director Gillian Armstrong, who gave Davis his first great success with "My Brilliant Career". In this movie, Davis played a young woman who was determined to do it in the world, despite the strangulation she felt from her community and upbringing. However, in "High Tide" the character of Davis, Lillie, is roughly the opposite: she gave up all hope for her future when she was young, and after the birth of a child, she escapes from duties and undertakes life without direction and meaning. When she finally meets her daughter many years later, the thought of caring for a child is petrified; she knows that this is her chance to repent for her failures, but how can she be honest with her daughter and continue to gain her respect? <br /> <br /> Gillian Armstrong's films usually refer to the story of characters who desperately want to communicate with each other, but encounter obstacles resulting from their own habits and addictions. "Oscar and Lucinda", for example, concerned a man and a woman who desperately needed mutual love, but were always blinded by the desire for randomness, represented by gambling addiction. Here we plunge into the world of a family torn apart by the mother's inability to commit herself to a settled life, and she tries to buy herself back, even though she is fully convinced that it is too late to change for the better. This is not just a film with a great performance in the center, but also a rare achievement: a fully convincing story of redemption.
