whereas the hard crime stories of Dashiel Hammett and Raymond Chandler fit the cinema like a fox in a chicken coop - indeed creating a definitively modern American genre and style in the process - those that could be called the fiction of the Golden Age, barely any impression. The problem with books such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers and SS Van Dine (whose work is based on this movie) is that they lack action or diversity - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe roam the streets of LA, class tenements workers, bars, offices, wealthy residences and encounter all kinds of exciting dangers and violence, the fiction of the Golden Age is generally set in a place, a murder place, usually a sumptuous farm house, and the action is limited to researching tips and conversations with suspects. This is a very static procedure, a plot reduced to a puzzle. <br /> <br /> This, of course, is just as ideological as the other stories of the Golden Age about a society hostile to change and movement; hard novels recording urban reality are moving further and further away from the center (both power and city), dividing into hostile, always uncontrolled and unlawful camps. Another serious problem associated with the fiction of the Golden Age is character - because we can not know the answer to the crime to the end, we can not get access to the motivation or emotions of the characters, defined only by their potential need for murder. The detective, in contrast to the restless, privy private eyes, simply has to be brilliant and maybe a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most of the Golden Age movies is that they are trying to be reconstructed by the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school and look stupid. There have been successes, such as the radical adaptations of Ellery Queen and other Claude Chabrol. There were only two in the English-speaking world. The classic Alistair Sim, "Green For Danger", works because it pushes the form almost to parody, never revealing the integrity or interest in the mystery. <br /> <br /> Earlier, there was the brilliant movie of Michael Curtiz "The Kennel Murder Suitcase". Narration is a pure golden age. An ugly character has been introduced that gives many potential suspects the reason to kill him. He was duly murdered in a seemingly reliable manner, pointing to suicide, slipping in a locked room. Caricature police officers are hopelessly looking for a bait. From Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur detective, he is neither old nor fat to read the clues more carefully, open the case outside the room area and finally solve the matter, and the corpse is just an excuse for intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> It is interesting that this is not a detective plot - which can always be unsatisfactory, because all solutions - although it is rarely less entertaining and full of comic pieces of business. There is not even an attempt to "overthrow" the image of an ideal detective - there is one disturbing scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to undermine a suspect, without Vance's protest, but that's all. <br /> <br /> What "Breeding" means as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great author because there are no consistent topics or proofs of artistic development. But he was the greatest craftsman in Hollywood and has a sensational form here. if the Golden Age detective story is a simple mystery, Curtiz introduces this idea into a logical extreme, creating an abstract variation on its source, reducing narration, character and location to geometry, series of lines, from beautiful art-deco sets to glorious camera movements that suddenly they break away from the static composition, and as they soar at angles, they shake their lifeless décor. <br /> <br /> This treatment is suitable for a story that definitely refuses realism, that is, a pattern that turns a detective plot into a mirror room, like two central brothers, or the original crime borrowed from the book Unresolved Secrets ". This fantastic world of nasty rich people who collect oriental relics (shades of the "Moonstone"?), Unscheffhed Chinese services, former opponents turned into servants, loving dogs, policemen from Runyonesque, is an ideal environment for Vance, a man who quit a cruise to Europe with a fancy feeling that knows the social world of these people, yet is tainted with its interest in crime and association with the police, or would be, if it were not more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the largest American comic of the decade, bravely submitting to his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rare, the culmination is spectacularly brutal, involving cruel dogs and attempts at murder. Police and detective who are to prevent crime are guilty of instigation.
