There are films that every fan of Horror owes to himself (or himself), as well as "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" by Emilio Miraglia. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. As Gialli and Gothic Tales are my two favorite subgenres of Horror, I could not wait to see this movie for a long time, and even though my expectations were high, the masterpiece outgrew my greatest hopes. Earlier Giallo Miraglia, "Evelyn's night came out of the grave" (1971) was already a frightening and moody movie that successfully mixed Giallo with a gothic horror movie, but could not match that favorite favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian horrors ever made, and no fan of this genre could have missed it. Incredibly mesmerizing Giallo with strong gothic elements, "The Red Queen" provides everything you can count on in every sub-genre: ingenious and incredibly addictive plot, chilling blood suspense, amazingly amazing scenery and a truly frightening atmosphere, incredibly lush colors, stylish murder, a brilliant result, and above all a thrilling female cast led by the stunningly beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this film is simply one of the greatest combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The movie starts amazingly in a beautiful gothic castle in Germany. As little girls Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn are fighting when their grandfather tells them the story of an amazingly amazing image: Legend has it that the devilish Red Lady returns to the castle every hundred years and kills seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people are starting to murder ... Director Miraglia has already proven his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful ghastness thanks to "The Night Evelyn Came Out of Grave" and uses these elements even more effectively in this jewel. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a real feast for the eyes and one of the most overwhelming Italian horrors, both visually and feature films. A haunted picture in the Grandfather's castle itself is able to give the viewer goose bumps. The Red Lady (or the Red Queen, as it is called in the English title) is probably the most evil character in Giallo, and the blood-chilling laughter, accompanied by murders, would even be frightening in itself. <br /> <br /> Sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this is the best example of that. Delightful Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most stunningly beautiful women ever to appear on screen, and she is also a great actress. Bouchet's presence has grown into many Italian films, including the three greatest cult masterpieces of the Italian cinema of the 1970s in one year (1972): "Milano Calibro 9" by Fernando Di Leo, Giallo Fulda distinction "Don" t Torture the Duckling "and an unforgettable jewel. In addition to the great Miss Bouchet, the wonderful female cast of the film includes sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("Evelyn Night came from the grave") and other beauties who are not afraid to record it for the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the murders are stylish and extremely elegant, yet terrifying and macabre, and some of them are quite bloody. The hypnotizing result of Bruno Nicolai is as memorable as possible and makes his amazing atmosphere even more disturbing. The plot is cleverly intricate and full of red herring, the level of tension increases with every minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins terrifyingly and remains stunning until the last second. In general, this is one of the films for which I can not find enough words of praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily belongs to the best Gialli ever created, and is a priority for every fan of Horror and / or Italian cinema. 10/10
