Michael Curtiz directed a very stylish detective story from the 1930s from the screenplay of Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they have adapted is the "Case of breeders killing", perhaps from the writer's point of view the best of the secrets of Philo Vance by the strange S.S. Van Dine. Vance had long been a great detective genius, and his character assigned to William Powell probably meant that the Warner Brothers' directors were aware of the possibility that the detective might disrupt viewers in less engaging hands. Fortunately, they first assigned the grateful William Powell to the hero; later Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas played in it before they were sentenced to "B" status. The second question, as always with the Warner Brothers management, is: why did they choose Vance as a character; their fondness was the election of men who acted outside the law, with no apparent discrimination between a cruel murderer and an advocate of individual rights against all arrivals. This film has a mean villain who is murdered and a claustrophobic difficult place in the apartment complex. The characters are unquestionably well executed, the direction is rather good and extremely fast; and in addition to the dark black and white look, the film avoids comedian sides, unnecessary characters and irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early detective entries. Jack Okey made a good artistic direction. Berhard Kaun's music is useful; Orry-Kelly did the costumes. William Reese provided cinematography mainly indoors. In the interesting cast Powell is THE Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober thinking with a hint of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual, playing very simply as a delightful police partner of Vance, with his very professional sense of time. The second best actor is handsome Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what has been written as a red part of herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career she spoke a little too fast to be as effective as she later proved. The cast also included Helen Vinson as a villain, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as a villain whom everyone has to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his sympathetic brother with Robert McWade as public prosecutor; The bizarre and funny Etiienne Girardot has a charmingly witty role as a funny little forensic doctor who comes to the crime scene. James Lee as an abused Chinese servant is perfect and intelligent. History breaks down into four parts. First, shades take place at the fair, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show terriers from West Highland. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title over his own entrance. The second part of the scene includes holidays; someone is so confused who went where, in part, Coe from his friend Vinson, to murder his nice brother by mistake. Enter Vance to find out who did the Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with the help of Palette; romantic difficulties are explained, the Chinese servant is cleared of accusations, we find out who broke the expensive vase, who will marry, how Archer Coe ended up and why the valet did not do it - but someone else with a good excuse did. It is a small mystery that qualified Hungarian director Curtiz took seriously. He used cloths, quick cuts, changes in the angle of the camera and changes between the simple and bold work of the camera to achieve diversity, interest and constant pace. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, consider this to be the best of Vance's projects, although others are also possible to estimate.
