"Markham," said a happy gentleman, criminal, Philo Vance (William Powell), to the district attorney: "I'm more and more convinced that Archer Coe died in this room. fragments ... it's all here. "But Vance," says Markham, "do you want to tell me that the dead man went upstairs?" "I'm not trying to tell you anything but facts," says Vance. "This is the most unusual case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are friendly. Rich, arrogant Archer Coe, he did not like what everyone knew, he was found slumped into a chair in his bedroom, a gun in his hand, and a gunshot wound in the head. But wait. Further research shows that Coe was hit hard by a dull instrument that broke his skull. Then there's the dagger wound on the back. Complicating matters are the fact that the bedroom door and Coe window have been closed from the inside. Coe was not suicide; it was a murder. But how could the killer escape? What was the specific motivation, if there are so many suspects? Why was Brother Coe, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the main closet? <br /> <br /> The case of breeding murder, now 73 years old, still provides a stylish look of old, classic forensic science. What makes it work as well as it is is, first of all, the secret is complicated and clever, but still logical. Secondly, it's a fun, some performance by William Powell. Watch his work as Philo Vance as a rehearsal for his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his wits to organize things. He is also good company. Powell was a star of the twenties and constantly changed to a higher status and popularity after taking over gadgets. His intelligence, style and sophistication have made him one of the most contemporary actors in the past. <br /> <br /> It's also nice to see some other great faces. She is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, a young, offended and potentially rich Coe branch; Paul Cavanaugh as a titled Briton revolving around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her particularly sensual and selfish way (see how he really does his things at Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small, elderly man as a fastidious doctor Doremus, whose work as a coroner and a forensic doctor still takes him from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary of Archer Coe. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men without fat, who can easily wear comfortable, tailor-made English suits. First of all, it's Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel voice, as Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are longtime friends who really like each other.
