I watch many films, good, bad and indifferent; usually there is something interesting to be found, even if it is only a set design or a reliable work of a good character actor, or random laughter that emerges from watching the ineptitude fixed forever. <br /> <br /> I was quite pleasantly surprised by this movie I've never seen before. Graham Greene has of course been translated into the movie many times in such masterpieces as "The Thin Man" and smaller vehicles. "Confidential agent" is one of those smaller vehicles, but despite this he manages to get me somewhere, despite the poor direction, incompatibility of Bacall and Boyer's performances as (respectively) British and Spanish and almost no chemistry between the two wires. In a sense, the latter "problem" actually begins to work in favor of the film, because how can love really blossom in the murderous atmosphere of meeting fascism and capitalism about the tragedy of one person? The most convincing aspect of the film stems directly from the complex and guilty sense of Greene's psychology that permeates the film. I know that some people perceive this as boring, and I understand it. However, I discovered that stress accentuates and does not weaken what is a claustrophobic world. I was forced to watch, and not any great actor (although Boyer is as usual wonderful, able to convey a rich mix of weariness, tragedy, hope and enthusiasm with his wonderful voice and longing eyes), but by falling down a spiral of one man's slim hopes of a world of oppression and money. What is a thief? What is love in the face of death? Where does the goal of profit and exploitation only begin? The film does not rise to the level of art and therefore can not count on the answer to such questions, but it is more than just entertainment, and his murders and guilt are very bleak. The lack of glitz, the "bubble" and the narrative "reflection" make this film very valuable. <br /> <br /> And there is no happy ending because history has written the ending.
