The magnificent portrait of Gregory Peck Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, largely through his removal as a UN commander during the Korean War, gives reasons to believe in all three of the above possibilities. Certainly the most controversial American General of World War II (and perhaps ever), MacArthur is portrayed here as a man of enormous contradictions. He claims that soldiers primarily miss peace, but he is obviously proud of war; consistently denies any political ambition, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to strengthen himself as a presidential candidate; he apparently believes that soldiers under his command must follow his instructions to the letter, but he himself deliberately opposes the orders of the president of the United States; it shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan), yet it is completely devoid of contact with its own country. All these things are kept in equilibrium throughout the film, and finally the viewer has the opportunity to draw their own conclusions about the man, although without a doubt MacArthur honestly and passionately loved his country, and especially the army devoted his life. <br /> <br /> Peck's performance was, as I said, brilliant - indeed, literally covering almost everyone else in the film (which is probably right, considering who he was presenting!) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I thought he gave a convincing look at Harry Truman and his attitude to MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "His Majesty"), angry, frustrated and finally completely bored with this general who simply will not respect his authority as president. Marj Dusay was also intrigued as MacArhur's wife, Jean, devoted to her husband (whom she called "the general" although their relationship seems to be happy enough.) I really liked this movie, although I might like it I learned a little more about the early life of MacArthur . I always chuckled at MacArthur's reaction to President Eisenhower ("He will be a great president - he was the best damn official I've ever had" - which seems to sum up what MacArthur considered the president's role, especially to military commanders during the war.) Worth seeing. 8/10
