It is worth noting that mine is just the third review of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory", an earlier biography of Frank McCarthy, a controversial American general from World War II, has so far attracted nearly a hundred comments. Like the previous reviewer, I'm intrigued by why one movie should receive much more attention than others. <br /> <br /> The difference between the two films is that "Patton" is more focused, focusing on the relatively short period of the Second World War and just after it ends, while "MacArthur" covers not only this war but also the role of its subject in the Korean War, as well as the period as the US governor of occupied Japan during the interlude. /> <br /> The main difference, however, is how to play two leaders. Gregory Peck dominates in this film even more than George C. Scott dominated by "Patton". While Scott had another big star, Karl Malden, playing opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in "MacArthur" is a home surname, at least for their film work. Scott, of course, introduced Patton as an aggressive and fiery man who at times was at war with the rest of the human race, not only with the enemy. I suspect that in real life General MacArthur was just as volcanic as Patton, but that's not how he appears in this movie. MacArthur Peck is more reflective, thoughtful, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he has played in some of his other films. Sometimes he even seems to be a man of the political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of Japanese capitulation in 1945. It could be written by a paid member of the CND, and his policy of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation has for them semi-socialist air. Trying to show something of MacArthur's gift for inspirational leadership, Peck makes him a great speaker, but his speeches always seem to owe more to the tested tricks of practiced rhetoric than any fire in his heart. It's as if Atticus Finch from "To Kill a Mockingbird" put on a general's uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott attempted to "nipples and the whole" portrait of Patton, it was criticized that "MacArthur" is trying to shine some of the less attractive features of his subject. I think this criticism is fair, especially with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to face meddling, militarily unconscious politicians who did not know how to fight and was fired for their pains when victory was within his reach. Many historians, of course, believe that Truman was forced to release MacArthur because his behavior was becoming a threat to world peace and had no choice but to accept the stalemate because Stalin would not let his Chinese allies humiliate. Even during Korean scenes MacArthur Pecka turns out to be more idealistic than his true original probably; we see little in its rashness and naivety in political matters. (Truman's note "knows as much about politics as the pig knows about Sunday" was said about Eisenhower, but it could equally well have been applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the attempt to paint some MacArthur warts in the film reflects the period in which it was made. Late seventies, after twin traumas in Vietnam and Watergate, were a difficult time for America, and the audience seeking consolation could welcome the reassuringly heroic representation of a military figure from the previous generation. Another criticism I will make from the movie is that it falls between two stools. If it were to be a full biography of MacArthur, something should be shown about his early life, which is not covered at all. (At first we see the general when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One of the themes touched upon in the film is the influence of the father of General MacArthur, who is a military hero. I would like to see what a man Arthur MacArthur was and why his son thought him to be such a role model and role model. Another interesting way to make a film would be to focus on Korea and the start of MacArthur with Truman, with equal consideration for two men and actors with a similar attitude. The way the movie was actually made seemed less interesting to me than one of those alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would be a mistake, however, to give the impression that I did not like the movie. Although I did not agree with the interpretation of the main role by Peck, it can not be denied that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, hard-working biographical, thoughtful and informative. It's a good movie, but one that could be better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> By the way, the map shown by MacArthur during the Korean War shows the DMZ zone, the border between two Korean states that were not created after the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th parallel). I also think that MacArthur referred to the "tocsin" of war. War can be toxic, but it is difficult to listen to toxins with a thirsty ear.
