When I finished in Hollywood, I watched their films from the sale and DEMONICUS was out for five buckaroos plus a fifty percent discount! I only saw it once and could not stand this great deal! The second viewing was much better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus yet, I advise you to do it, and if you hired and hated Demonicus, give him another chance, because his next look can change your mind. If you saw a copy in Hollywood Video for the price I got, do not pass it on because it's a great opportunity! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a completely different but funny movie. Believe it or not is like watching an interactive video game without playing! He has a very low budget and actors who I'm sure no one is familiar with. We started a video game, I mean a movie with a guy and a woman, somewhere in Italy, and there is a cave that actually looks like a railway / rail tunnel, and she says that you do not go there and what does he do? Normal things! HE HAD NOT HAPPENED TO HIM! He goes there and finds a lot of artifacts and armor of gladiators and almost perfectly preserved body of the legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did the chair come from, where Tyrannous was sitting and how his body was left so good, and where the Kettle The caves are complete with a Caultron pot? Tyrannous is wearing armor, helmet and weapon or two. He does the stupidest thing a person can do, he puts on a helmet and is taken over by the spirit of Tyrannous! From there, he walks around, killing all the campers nearby to bring back the real Tyrannous. <br /> <br /> I said before that it's like a video game. It is difficult to explain, but it just looks. Music sounds even like video games. Acting is really terrible. Actors say why he does it, oh, he was crazy, and Fine, because he's crazy, I'm going home! Also, the movie has some serious mistakes, such as the guy running and trying to find his girlfriend at night and still working during the day, constantly looking for her constantly! <br /> <br /> This movie has some bugs, but it's not classic like a Werewolf, but it's funny if you like really low-budget, error-prone movies, better see Demonicus!
