The effects of work-related stress and pressures born of a moral dilemma that puts a conscience against the obligations of a family company (albeit unique), all brought to mind by - or perhaps a catalyst - midlife crisis, are studied in the dark and engaging drama "Panic", written and directed by Henry Bromell, starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is an eloquent look at how indecisiveness and denial can lead to internal conflicts and misery that ultimately lead to apathy and the moment of truth, when the conflict must, eventually, be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; has a loving wife, Marta (Tracey Ullman), a prematurely born six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail-order company he escapes from home, as well as his main source of income, a family "business shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland) and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But it is empty; years of work in this special profession made him numb and detached, which led him to a mental state that led him to visit a psychologist, dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). What's worse (or better, depending on the perspective), in the waiting room of Dr. Parks meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose very presence makes her feel alive for the first time since she remembers. It quickly becomes another brick in the walls of the moral conflict that visited his work, because in the days after the meeting he simply can not stop thinking about her. It seems that all his life has become a "situation" - from which it seems that he is unable to effectively get out without hurting those he loves. He can deny his age, and the fact that he actually fell into a real midlife crisis, but he soon discovers that the problems he faces are simply not going away. He is at a crossroads and will have to decide which way to go. And he will have to do it very quickly. <br /> <br /> From a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell created an immersive study of a form that is insightful and insightful, and he presents what allows moments of reflection that allow the audience to empathize with what they are experiencing Alex. He is very clear that there are no simple answers that there is no easy way out in real life. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity of life and, moreover, within a given family unit. The film strongly suggests that the sins of the father are undeniably transmitted to the offspring, with irrevocable consequences and consequences. When you grow up, you accept your personal environment as global; and often years pass in adulthood, that one can begin to realize and understand that there are in fact moral parameters determined by every person walking on the planet, and that those established by the father may not be conducive to the son's principles. And at this point Alex finds himself as the story unfolds; ergo, the mid-life crisis, and more precisely the crisis of conscience, from which he can not escape. This is a powerful message, succinctly and subtly communicated by Bromell, with the help of the outstanding performances of his actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy is one of the premiere actors in business, creating such diverse characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in "Magnolia", "Shoveler" in "Mystery Men" and Jerry Lundegaard in " Fargo. " And this is just a sample of his many achievements. At some point in this film, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes" and this is a very telling comment, because this is the strength of Macy's performance, his ability to transmit very real emotions in a humble, credible way that expresses all internal anxiety, which he experiences. Reflect on the scene in which you lie awake in bed, staring into the darkness; in this one uneasy moment, it is clear that he is struggling not only with his immediate situation, but with everything that in his life led him finally to this point. In this scene there is a sum of life in the sense of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed so far; all these things that have always been at the center of Alex's life are now gradually breaking through his defenses and are finally emerging, requiring confrontation and resolution. It is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex really memorable. It is a figure with which anyone who has ever faced a seemingly insurmountable situation will be able to relate. This is a wonderful work of one of the best actors in the area. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also extremely effective; his Michael is terribly sinister in a way that is so real that he cools. It is frightening to say that such people are really walking around the earth. This is not James Bond's villainous character, but the real personification of evil, hiding behind an appearance that is so normal that he could be a neighbor, making him even more disturbing. Sutherland perfectly vivifies it all thanks to a great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks like part of Sarah, but her performance (as it usually happens with her) seems a bit pretentious, although her influence here simply fits the character and is in fact a positive aspect of the movie. If only from time to time turned her energy in, it would be a huge difference in the way she presents her characters. Panic, however, is one of her best efforts; a powerful movie that in the end is a journey worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
