First of all, it was not a three-hour movie - two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked ads, they are not part of the movie! Perhaps, however, it should be two people in total for about 3 hours? Yes, I would do more, I would be able to discover more emotions. Overall, it was an interesting look at the life of Lucy and Desi. I watch I Love Lucy from time to time and I love it, but I have never read or seen a biography, I never knew anything about their lives from the screen. Because of this movie I'm doing now, but I'm not sure if it's good. Nobody really needed to know everything here. It was basically a movie that you did not have to do. But it was created, and the reason is that Lucy and Desi are still such huge stars, and some people in American society believe that the rest of society must know EVERYONE about our television and film stars. This is definitely not true and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> In any case, what was shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - an actress who played Viv Vance - not a great cast at all. And the transition from Madeline Zima to Rachel York ... uhhh, just like Lucy had plastic surgery and is suddenly a completely new person !? It was not great. But the story went on and focused on the rocky relationships between Lucy and Desi. No, children were not shown at all, and this was not necessarily a disadvantage of the movie, because, as I said, it focused mainly on Lucy and Desi. If there was more time, if history was more about the whole life of Lucy, maybe the children would be there more. But it was not that we could see, for example, Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton. Wow, that was one thing in this story that I thought was really cool: its presence and influence on Lucy's life. Really neat and a pity that it was not investigated anymore. Well. What was examined was done well, mostly. Honestly, I do not think I will ever see it again and I do not think this movie will be so memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy, but is not a big fan of Lucille Ball, it should be an interesting watch. My rating for this is: B
