Last Christmas I was lucky to pick up one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne sets from my Better Half, but I put aside the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Considering how many recent trilogies came across the finish line instead of triumphing through it, I was a bit cautious approaching the "The Bourne Ultimatum", but I really should not worry. Electric action sequences and broken battle scenes mingle effortlessly with intelligent plot lines to make this one of the best action thrillers I can imagine, and the lofty end of the perfect series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after a visible leak about Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in Guardian. Determined to discover more about his half-remembered past, Bourne follows the lead again, but others at the CIA, including deputy director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is a leak and starts chasing the agent with new energy. Can Bourne finally find the answers he was looking for, or will his former employers silence him for good? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a little disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy" because he abandoned the characteristic realism of action scenes and focused on being the right spy film. Not to mention the fact that he completely lost it, but in comparison to the fantastic "Bourne Identity" it seemed to be a more slow spy novel than an action thriller. There are no such worries - every car accident, hit, kick and gun shot is heard and felt with inner delight, but fortunately it still keeps the wonderfully intelligent and captivating story of the spy in the heart to resist action around. It also perfectly combines two previous films, giving the appropriate trilogy, because things are explained and expanded until the full picture is revealed. The performances are almost flawless - even Julia Styles begins to offer something more than eye-candy worms. The only real downfall is that, like other Bourne movies, it has little to do with the original novel, but if you're not a die-hard Ludlum fan, it's not really a reason to dislike such a movie as the highest caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing pleases me more than a movie that surprises me pleasantly and despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a broken movie, filled with a crunchy enough bone to satisfy meat headlines, as well as a story that never does not threaten to slow down for one minute. Even on the last drum you're never quite sure if a happy ending is guaranteed, but are you a fan of the series or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is one movie that you should really follow as fast as possible. Not surprisingly, this series forced Bond producers to eject forty years of film history to start over. Bourne is a modern espionage hero, and Bond's latest films are more like Austin Powers than the "Casino Royale" gave the Bond reboot series he desperately needed. No movies Jason Bourne is a crime worthy of the release - go and get a copy of the DVD. However, this is not the Ultimate Bourne collection - limited edition, I'm afraid!
