I thought Rachel York was fantastic as "Lucy." I also saw her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and in each of these performances she developed a completely different, very real characteristic. He is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! <br /> <br /> I am very surprised how many negative reviews appear here in relation to Rachel's performance in "Lucy". It seems that even some television and entertainment critics have not been given a point of view. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel does not really look like Lucy. My answer to this is, "So what?" I did not look for superficial impersonation of Lucy. I wanted to learn more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave it to us, with great depth. I did not want to see someone just "doing" the classic Lucy procedures. That's why I was very happy with the decision of the producers and director that Rachel would show Lucy on the most memorable of these skits - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some reviewers did not realize that these two scenes were supposed to be sequences of attempts, not real skits). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative phrase to the sketches that so many of us know by heart. I also thought that Rachel was incredibly fresh and funny in these scenes. And absolutely przyłła routine, which was recreated - in particular Professor and Grape Stomping. There was a moment on the Grapes scene, where Rachel's mouth had the same improvement I remember when Lucy had. I could not believe she could capture it - naturally. <br /> <br /> I wonder if many people who criticized the show were expecting to see Bal Lucille "I Love Lucy" throughout the entire movie. After all, those of us who only knew her through television would have no idea how Lucy really is in the early years of the film. I think Rachel showed natural progress in a form that was brilliant. She planted all the appropriate seeds to see how the clown waits only for emergence, given the appropriate set of circumstances. Lucy did not fit into the form of an old studio system. In her frustrated attempts to become the stereotypical movie star of that era, she still suppressed what turned out to be her final gifts. <br /> <br /> I believe that Rachel cleverly captures comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sex appeal, self-absorption, childishness and stoicism - all this adds up to one complex American icon. And she did it with authenticity and freshness that was totally endearing. "Lucy" was a star for Rachel York. I hope that in the future it will bring a flood of great roles. I also hope she will bring her Emmy.
