When Bourne's identity appeared five years ago, I must admit that I did not think too much about it. I was eleven at the time, so maybe I was too young to really enter the story and understand the whole script. Two years ago, when Bourne's Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but I still did not think it was as good as I expected, judging by the trailers. For the past two years, I have been told many times that Bourne's films are amazing, I have often had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about films. Two months ago, I could not be afraid of the Bourne Ultimatum, I really did not want to watch it. But then I decided to go back and see the first two before I made any sudden decisions. So I went out and bought both original films. And what a surprise it was for me when I was controlled by them. Identity I found my superior, but Supremacy is not far behind. They are both slippery, action-packed and exciting pieces of cinema that I've seen many times since I bought them. For this reason, I was the first in the queue to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy did not let Bourne Ultimatum fail! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon has never been one of my favorite actors until he appeared in Bourne's films, I saw him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought about him at all. It seems, however, that he was born to play Bourne (sorry for the pun). In this series, we've seen the character change before our eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon at its best, even better than the The Departed, and I thought it was one of the best things in The Departed. You really feel that you care about the character and hope she can find out everything. Matt Damon plays this role with a quiet intensity, and his character is always extremely credible. The supporting cast of the film was also absolutely unique. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things at Bourne Supremacy, here she stands out. Her character is also very credible, and at the end of the film she has a few well-preserved moments. Julia Stiles appears again as Nicky and finally we learn a little about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress and I think she deserves a lot more roles, well-decent roles than she does. David Strathairn is the debutant in this series as Noah Vosen, he is definitely a bad guy in the movie and he really excels. He is by far the worst figure we've ever met, and some of his decisions are really nasty. Strathairn enjoys this role and he also gets some great scenes in the film. Particularly noteworthy is also Albert Finney, who uses most of his too short time on the screen, I will not say anything about the character that is best to surprise, but believe me, his scenes are one of the main attractions of the film. <br/> <br /> Bourne's films have always focused on the story more than on the action sequences, it does not mean that the trilogy lacks action sequences, good God, there are not many of them scattered throughout the film. But the whole movie is a well-written and well-written plot. This story ends in the best way you can imagine in this movie. When I watched Supremacy the night before I saw the Ultimatum, it was nice because I could see some small parts. This last scene in Supremacy in New York, much more important than I ever imagined. It will not spoil it for people, but I recommend checking Supremacy before you see the Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for many people they will see the Ultimatum only because of the sequence of actions. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say that they should see it for the plot, but I would be lying if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. The mini car chase in Identity is one of my favorite car chases of all time. Well, the Ultimatum action must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins with a sequence of actions in Moscow. So during the film, we get numerous hits, very violent and shockingly brutal. A bicycle race that is absolutely amazing, many chases on your feet that are even more amazing, an exciting car chase that is unforgettable and much more! But the most important event for me must be the scene at Waterloo station, it will not ruin it, but for some reason it overwhelmed me. <br /> <br /> So some film disadvantages? In my eyes, no, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, I would not recommend the Ultimatum to you. The film does not try to attract new fans because it sticks to the best in this series, and just adds a bit more plot and action sequences. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best in the series and the best hit of 2007. As a fanatic of James Bond, it is a great honor for me to say that the Ultimatum is much better than most Bond films and trust that it takes a lot to say to me. Although Bourne as a whole may not be a better series than the Bond series, it is definitely almost equal.
