I never had the courage to say that most action movies just do not do anything for me. In most cases, they are glaring vehicles to blow up, show sexy models and throw out any appearance of reality or intelligence from the window. Having said that, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman initiated a new action, using the more cinematic style of the verses, showing the fights in full power and making our super spy someone we can connect with both emotionally and humanly. This is not absurd sci-fi, which was Bond (before they made major changes in the style of this series). There were a lot of worries when the Supremacy of Bourne came out. With the takeover by director Paul Greengrass, what could have been a copy of the original from the second hand ended with an improvement in style and style. The stake has been raised and the story has been improved for this reason. Greengrass must receive a lot of credits for being able to maintain the appearance in the latest installment of the Bourne Ultimatum. In an amazing trilogy summary at the highest level, the action is transferred to a new level, and history and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again Bourne is introduced to the CIA's mind by false claims. Someone has leaked the information about improving Treadstone called Blackbriar, and when Bourne finds himself trying to talk to the author of the news who broke this story, he is assumed to be a mole. Only Pamela Landy, who was in the matter of finding him in Supremacy, knows that she can not be the only one. Bourne's motive was to stay away from the government and live in peace. This CIA still brings him back to wreak havoc. What is ending is that Bourne wants to know the source, to finally find out who he is and what makes him a killer. The film thus becomes a chase in time and for each other, to find a source and see if the government can close the breach and bind all loose ends, or whether Bourne can take revenge on those who took his life. br /> <br /> In most likely the simplest storyline of the series, with only one chase lasting the entire story, it probably has the largest cast of characters and loyalty, to reveal corruption, which was too full of progression of history. However, this is not a bad thing, because it allows for more fighting and car chases that work in the full context of the story. The introduction to this movie is worth it alone in the struggle for an apartment, between Bourne and the CIA's second asset, alone. The chase jumping through the windows in Madrid is cool in itself, but when they finally meet, we have about ten minutes of struggle that is as vivid as any scene you see. Besides, instead of a mass car chase as a climatic track, as in the first two films, instead we are moving in three small-scale races, equally intense, but delighted enough to never sink the action in monotony. > <br /> After five years of waiting, we also learn about the origin of our favorite agent with a heart and feeling. At the end of the movie, we'll find out what caused the entire espionage and destruction that took place around him. No one could do it better than Matt Damon. It has a silhouette and attitude to be credible in action sequences, but also a range in which you can tear off the moments of intelligence and correspondence of cats and mice with those against it. Joan Allen reprises her role with the same commitment to her work, but also a little more disappointed with what is happening around her, after the character of Brian Cox from the first two films took matters into his own hands. Needing a role in this form, we get a nice return from David Strathairna. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and does not suit anyone when making decisions. Trying to cover up all connections with the Blackbriar program heads when he tries to fulfill his duty towards his country, you can never assess what he will be able to do. Even the guys are doing a great job, like Paddy Considine as a reporter who starts a leak at the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and probably the key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA agents sent to take Bourne. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role that Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy) successfully played. He does not speak much, if at all, but he has the appearance and the robot down and I hope he will get more roles to show what he can do by adding a nice phrase in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, we must applaud Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and to lead the series to a conclusion that is based on the success of their predecessors and not on their destruction. His ability to look closely in close-up is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the pretty cuts that cause seizures. Instead of feeling overly productive, its manual use improves the environment and puts you directly into action. Let's also recognize the operator Oliver Wood, who made all three of Bourne's films. He was able to work with both directors and work on his style in a nice harmony with them.
