It was basically an attempt to do the same with "Batman", which was made of "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those who have longed (and shame!) "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: an incredibly true story of the longest three-hour tour in history") was unique for several years, where Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("Professor") were telling the story of creating, canceling, rediscovering and reviving the show. Along the way stories were told with actors portraying the original cast and crew. It was very well done. It was fun, well manned and turned out to be a real documentary of the series. <br /> <br /> "Return to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is similar in style. Repetition of the history of the play, reconstruction, and general feeling are the same. There is a lack of a simple approach that survived "Surviving". <br /> <br /> In "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward receive invitations to the car show, which they were not to be invited to. After he was allowed to stay, Adam and Burt are witnesses of the theft of the main part of the program: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to race themselves, guiding them through the clues that make them think about the history of the series. In the end, this leads to the discovery of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing this conceit (actually plot) is the biggest disappointment of this series. In contrast to "Surviving", "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting story (batmobile theft), instead of focusing on what the audience would be most interested in (the story of the series). historical sections that work best. Casting (as in "Surviving") is perfect. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the atmosphere of the actors without looking too * like them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a stronger resemblance to his subject, but does not reflect Gorshin's late charm, but only his characteristics. The performances of other actors are short and functional, and none stand out as particularly good or bad. Many stories have already been told before, but usually they are fun, only from time to time they look awkward. Another great piece from the historical section was the use of the material from the interrogation of Lyle Waggoner's role as Batman. The only place where the retrospections do not succeed is because of course they put in imaginary plot points to develop the main story. This unnecessarily lowers the accuracy of retrospection. <br /> <br /> The "main thread" (if we call him that) is obviously preposterous. It is not really a fault in itself, but it is simply not good enough to cover up the shortage. Strong performances and good writing can make up for a stupid story (especially in this kind of case), but we do not really get it here. West and Ward performances seem a bit flat (even for them); dialog box too carefully written to be natural. Again, I think that the comparison to "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in this dialog box mainly to set up a flashback. In Survival, that's all he wants to be. In "Return" he tries to do double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar are doing well (although I agree with others that Gorshin did not grow up well and that Newmar had - and what does Wagoner think looks so good?), But it is not enough for them to do. Again, I think all of them would be better served by a simpler presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about "Return". This exception applies to the television series "Batman" and its history, but all the shown clips come from a theatrical film. Even Wagoner's recording is technically a film material. If you know you're a "bat history", you know that it was originally planned to make the movie first, only delayed in favor of the TV show, when CBS had to fill time quickly. So when Wagoner and West tested this role, it was a movie, not a TV show. Why "Return" only uses footage is unclear. Most likely, this is related to rights issues, but this is a clear distraction for those who know: seeing Julie Newmar in the current but only Lee Meriwether movie footage as Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> Overall, I liked the show, mainly because of retrospection. I would prefer the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I understand why they would like to have a more history-oriented track due to the subject matter. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to watch them and continue to play with one of the best entertainment stories. I just want them to do it a little better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.
