I did not like many TV shows after 1990, but TO 70S SHOW is great. I never saw him in the first run, thinking about the artificial time, I was wrong! I started to watch in replays and the more I watched, the more I liked it! Now it is the only program I regularly watch after 1990. <br /> <br /> Although 70S SHOW mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the '70s, this decade has nothing to do with exaggerating the references and appearance of the' 70s. It contains so much fun, witty, biting dialogue, which is delivered with confidence and certainty by the main cast that overcomes all stereotypes of the '70s, simply being fun. Humor is what makes the spectacle forever possible to watch. <br /> <br /> Despite the fun series, regardless of the period, the uniqueness of the mocking of the '70s works in his favor, because it gives the show the identity of the signature. But focusing on universal issues (family problems, teen anxiety, marital problems, peer pressure), dealing with them all with the comic calm that gives the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The center of the series is one Eric Forman (played to absolute comic perfection by the future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super skinny, geeky, unsportsmanistic teenager and he is still super-cool because of Grace's brilliant self-esteem. Eric has 5 friends: Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played in Laura Prepon's amusing fashion, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama respectively). We see life in Point Place, Wisconsin, with the eyes of these 6 teenagers and the boy we have a lot to see! Donna, a feminist thinking about the future, is the object of Eric's feelings, and these two have a basic relationship with the show. Soon after the show they become a couple and NEVER be a boring couple. Most of them end with a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it works as a great insightful accountancy, which works perfectly as a counterweight to earlier merriment. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves to Forman when his mother leaves him; Hyde is gentle, zen, cool from the group and just sits down, watches and makes fun of his friends with easy calm. Kelso is stupid from the group, and Kutcher plays him absolutely, showing an amazing physical comedy, and also telling some of the most absurdly funny ideas and stories! Jackie, who starts as Kelso's girlfriend, is a talkative cheerleader of the debutant and is initially accepted only as part of the Kelso b / c group, but she manages to get into the fact that everyone has to accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is a foreign exchange student from some unknown country (we never know exactly where) and is a scene thief! "I said good morning!" "You son b!" Valderama only has a foreign accent here, because it is not in reality and always has character and creates one of the most exceptional characters I have ever seen. His moments of stealing scenes often help me in the show. <br /> <br /> The show constantly brings us to the minds and thoughts of these heroes through engaging fantasy scenes as they would like or imagine things to be. The gang is repeatedly in trouble (mainly deliberately). Gags are constantly playing in the residents of Point Place, as well as each other. Most of the time, they spend time in Eric's cellars, writing, writing or just playing. <br /> <br /> Also in the program you can clearly see Eric's parents, menacing, hated by the communist Red and beloved, happy -go-lucky Kitty (played by Kurtwooda Smith and Debra Jo Rupp by heart). These two adults give the show a much needed mature point of view and they constantly criticize and advise 6 ne'er do-wells. Red and Kitty are wonderfully supported by Donna's parents, buffoon Bob (played wonderfully by Don Stark) and blonde bimbo daft Midge (super sexy Tanya Roberts, who was on display for about half the time). In addition, for three full seasons, Eric's sister from hell Laurie (played splendidly by the sexy-looking Lala Robin Kelly, Farrah-Fawcett) was a great refreshing relief to defy the main 6 madness and be the thorn of Erica and her parents' sides! Kelly returned as a guest for a few seasons 5 eps. Unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led her to be replaced by a horrible new actress in Season 6. The novice did not survive luckily and disappeared after a few seasons 6 eps! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of Season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and the beginning of Season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered because Season 8 was the last. Grace and Kutcher, however, returned to the finals of the series, giving the concert a satisfying end. <br /> <br /> Many great supporting and episodic characters would help keep the show up fresh thanks to added nostalgia and humor. The best players to support were eternally high Leo (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (wonderful comic Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl etc. They also got the legends of Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (MARY show) TYLER MOORE) to play in Red and Kitty's mothers respectively. There were also many famous celebrities from the 1970s, from Shirley Jones (FAMILY FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! It lasts and continues! <br /> <br /> Thanks to the great nostalgic hives and references from the 70s, funny dialogue and delivery as well as nonsense, style-deprived comedy stories, THAT 70S SHOW is a TV classic!
