Over the years we have seen many ridiculous things that writers did when the concert had to last no matter what, keeping "8 simple rules" after the death of John Ritter, but this was probably the first time I took care. The idea of ​​having "That 70's Show" without Eric or to a lesser extent Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to hide it, returning to Leo and increasingly scandalous plot roles, but it always seemed that why bother yourself when you no longer have the main character. It just did not connect, it was a lot of unrelated things that were not even funny most of the time. Last season was like a season for every character, because Eric used to take a lot of time on the screen, and now we would be broken in the face by how old and repetitive the other characters were. Foc's focus on the trick was completely uninteresting, and the character would simply stop working, because the whole thing was that he said something strange from nothing and you can not say anything from nothing when every second line is yours. They also brought a standard cousin Oliver, but this time it was not a kid. Whenever you heard someone knock on the door, you started to pray that this is not Randy, please do not let this be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he was doing really awful jokes, usually like Red would say, smiling like a butt and completely screwing up supplies, and Donna would be at the seams. I think that more than half of last season is Donna pretending to be amused. However, problems started earlier: what once was a really great show with an equally great idea that once it was not a dysfunctional family, slowly got into the territory of the soap opera. Everyone began to fall in love with everyone, the emotional scenes were nauseous, with only one bad joke placed somewhere to distract us that we were watching "As The World Turns". I'm guessing it was the character's development, but come, which was written almost awkwardly, like moral lessons from "Family Affairs." To be honest, the last episode, also because it had Topher Grace episode (episode in your own program), was really good, even if not so much fun. <br /> <br /> By the way, even more criticism in season 8: what the hell was the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (the character does not sing), but Fez terrified me. Dude, do not open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedies ever transmitted.
