How does the normal day start in Point Place, Wisconsin ... <br /> <br /> First of all, Red, the father of the Forman family and the Second World War veteran, sits at the kitchen table and reads the newspaper while his overjoyed wife Kitty serves breakfast. Then comes their skinny son, Eric, who is also sitting at the table, and his father starts everyday screams, usually consisting of putting a foot in Eric's back, if (insert the reason here). If his dissolute angel-faced sister, Laurie, is at home, she comes, and then Red stops screaming and politely talks to her, which makes Eric feel excluded from the family. It's over, Eric is rushing down to his basement, where all of his friends are already spending time. And when we see them, it becomes obvious that Eric and his redheaded tormentor, neighbor and childhood friend Donna Pinciotti are the nicest people around. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates the disco and does not care about what's around until it's fun to watch; Michael Kelso, the kind of guy who thinks he's going through his life just because of the look and that the carrots grow on the trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who considers himself the prettiest girl in the area, the spoiled child of a rich father and of course a cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but exaggerated foreigner who loves sweets and can not keep a secret. First, they just spend time, gossip and laugh at Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and allow real fun ... before they leave, they do something that they later regret. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Red leaves and meets the strange parents of Donna, Bob and Midge. He's naughty, but he does not mind because they think he's joking. Somewhere nearby is Leo, an aging hippie who is constantly confused and makes no punches. <br /> <br /> Did you imagine this seemingly peaceful area with all these amazing characters? Of course, most seem to be "banal", but the show brings the stereotype to a new level. Now, drop one of the most wicked stories sitcom can offer, sit back and enjoy one of the best TV shows in history. The one who never does the same twice and who is, compared to most comedy series that are "cute funny", purely hysterical. If you get caught, do not let this presentation let you go. Bite in a circle and, man, you will see a sitcom species from a completely new perspective.
