Before I saw it, I was only waiting for the next average, soft, indigenous copy of the imitated series "Emmanuelle" starring Sylwia Kristel. It was really surprising how good it turned out to be. In fact, it has a history and is very romantic. What makes "Yellow Emanuelle" so good is the leading heroine, beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong, so sweet that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dreams break up around her. Emy Wong is a very respected physician, statuesque, of royal quality. He comes from an important old family, where ancient customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she marries a man she has never met. A beautiful doctor seems okay with this arranged marriage. It just happens in her world. However, she does not plan to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends under her protection in the hospital where she works. Emy decides to get rid of the habit and gives herself to her western man. But only after very long advances, as Dr. Wong is not an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Ema so that she does not lose her respect and place in her stiff society. None of them counts on a third person, one Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of erroneous games. Emy is convinced that she was abandoned by a man, that he played with her only to sleep with her. Her place in society has disappeared, she has been depraved. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn when this proud, elegant woman gives up her career and also has a sweet relationship with a caring father and succumbs to the life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised when I found myself so absorbed in this operationally tragic tale. I was on the edge of my seat when George returns to the city and unknowingly enters a hotel where his beautiful Ema works as a prostitute! A classic drama. I imagine that many viewers were a bit frustrated by this whole drama. One would expect a lot of sex and nakedness, but not much. And when it is, it is completely non-exploitative and very artistic. If you're a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you will most likely appreciate this less known classic. I was particularly impressed by the special attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy takes George to her father's house on the island is really nice. Her father shows George, and he sees an impressive collection of Bonzai trees. It has a whole miniature forest built of these amazing trees. Completely unexpected. After catching him on cable TV many years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally understood this, I found that the video version is longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the release of the DVD, it is under the thread of George suddenly frightening because of some unknown deadly disease! Actually, I preferred the cable version better. I am glad that this rare gem was finally released on DVD. I must also mention beautiful cinematography and a bizarre and catchy soundtrack from the '70s. While watching this, you have the impression that you are watching something very rare and quite unique. I recommend it to thought-out viewers who do not need sex and violence to maintain interest.
