I am Curious (the film, in the rhymes row Seussical, at the very beginning is to be available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great hits in the artist's house, which first was a great sensation in Sweden, and then Wielki Skandal / cause-celebre in the United States, when one printing was kept by customs and sent to the Supreme Court. What is strong in the picture today is not enough to offend what is revealed in sex or nudity - director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films various scenes in such a way that there is plenty of body and genitalia and an occasional graphic bit but he is always more intellectual than very lusty - but the boldness of attempting a clean "metaphil", and at the same time a real statement of the state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew that such things in a generally peaceful country (ie Usually neutral in foreign affairs and wars) can be so heated up politically? At least that's part of Sjoman's purpose here. <br /> <br /> Like a filmmaker like Dusan Makavajev, with some of his works, such as WR (if not so surreal and demented) or, to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Sjoman tries to combine politics and sex (mainly politics and social strata), and also the fact that he comments on the personification of the characters in the film. Both heroes, Lena and Borje, have a hot relationship in the history of the film, in which Lena is an "interesting" socialist who demonstrates on the street for non-violence and "trains" in the cottage in the forest become fully functional, and at the same time perhaps too interesting boyfriend car dealer. And as it happens, which is enough for one movie, Sjoman inserts himself and his crew from time to time, when they make this story on film (in the middle, even at a rock concert, it is even a little better). , the title cards are filled during the break in shooting, who are the crew members, negating the need to use the final credits!) Therefore, there is a whole other dynamism, because Sjoman gives a real performance, not just "hey, I am a director director" a bit. <br /> <br /> At first, you can not get such a structure, and I'm curious (yellow) is just a movie in which Lena is a documentarian who asks participants about their thoughts on class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and every once in a while we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery that the viewer has to stay on his toes; It's impressive that so many years in the picture may surprise you, not afraid to mix a dramatic narrative, documentary, movie in the film, and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru for Lena. Maybe this is not always a completely coherent political analysis, but you do not feel cheated, and even with a lot of satirical program, as in Godard's painting; Satan is similar to Godard after Sjomana, but on the whole wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not entirely full of semantics or tricks that could discourage the less initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I'm curious (yellow) it becomes an intellectual undertaking and a full journey to discover sex in a way that has been and captivates, how much is shown and how it all seems comfortable for the actors, it is not completely successful, I think as an emotional experience. Where Bergman was dealing with a purely emotional film with deconstructive tendencies, Sjoman is more inclined to connect with specific ideas, not always guided very well when it comes time to make great or subtle scenes with actors. From time to time, this works only for actors, Lena Nyman (mainly spectacular in the performance, who asks her to make an ambitious but confused kid someone sympathetic and sensitive) and Borje Ahlstedt (a great realistic counterpoint for the flying Lena), but some 40 Years later, it is difficult to completely connect with everything that happens in the inner film of Lena and Borje, because (perhaps deliberately) Sjoman fills it with cliches (Borje has a girl and a child, will she leave her, like Lena reconcile her father) and a hard narrative from a kind of star. <br /> <br /> And yet, regardless of the mistakes that Sjoman may have, ironically, given that he means what he says, I'm curious (Yellow) beautifully works as an artistic experiment in testing of what can be done in Swedish cinema, or testing what you can not, and bending it to provocative and comedic use. I would even go so far as to say that it is influential and has probably been copied or imitated in more ways than one because it was such a cult phenomenon at the time (specific technique is used, with the film going on at the end) is reflected in worse use in Funny Games) and should be perceived by anyone who wants to enter the avant-garde or meta-filming. If it is not as an outstanding artistic leap as W.R. or Last Tango, it is just behind him.
