In a future society, a military component does not have to recruit; rather, their candidates are elected after birth, knocked out of crèches and devoted to the government for life. They are transmitted to the war machine, body and soul, for no reason other than protection and service; they have no personal identity other than name and rank and have no autonomy. Such is the fate of those whose destiny is predetermined in "Soldier" directed by Paul Anderson, with the participation of Kurt Russell. The screenplay is difficult and bleak because the film begins with the presentation of soldiers training in advanced stages, from adolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we can see his career as he fulfills his duties in an exemplary way in a campaign after the campaign; is who he was born, a soldier. But even the best can not last forever and the day will come when Todd and his peers will cease to be elites. A new generation of soldiers was created, products of advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly outdated. Below is the story of a man who has to fight for his life, at the same time trying to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new features for a soldier who only knew two things all his life: Fear and discipline. Russell gives command as Todd, a soldier who above all has to obey orders without question, suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has a few lines in this movie, but Russell speaks loudly with his eyes. This role shows that, in fact, he is one of the underrated actors of our time; that he could completely disappear in the form of Todd, which is the merit of his ability, and thanks to this part he created someone quite different from what he had done before. And he gave Todd depth and credibility, which someone with lesser talent could easily do nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Significant performances are also presented here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). The complementary cast is Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generations of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain of the Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson provided an action movie with a message, a warning that goes beyond the sci-fi genre. "Soldier" reminds us how important it is to preserve the humanity of our lives in an intact condition. It's a funny way for us to think about alternatives, like a gloomy future and a world where good movies simply would not make much difference. As with "1984" and "Mad Max," this movie, which is uplifting, will make you stop and think about the type of the Universe in which we all have to live together and share. I rate this 7/10.
