Why do I like AN ORGANIZED CRIME so much? Why am I giggling or laughing loudly when I think about a dozen or so scenes from this movie? It is difficult to explain, but I will try. First of all, it is really fun - in contrast to what many "official" opinions want to believe. But on the other hand, it depends only on the sense of humor, so there is no point in arguing about it. Often humor is in dialogue, and often it is a situational comedy. There is, for example, a very funny scene in which four gang members received an elevator at the back of the truck. When the farmer drops them, they simply stand by the road, covered with a cow *** or anything else. They are completely upset; then, realizing the humor of the scene, one by one they start to laugh at each other, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), looking (and certainly smelling) terribly, nonchalantly draws a little spray to his lips to at least do something with his breath describing this scene, I'm laughing again!). Which leads to the second point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (okay, the latter sometimes exaggerates) fit and beautifully play their parties - in fact, you have the impression that they had to have fun when filming. Thirdly, there is a conspiracy. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very relaxed; he is in no hurry to make the plot unfold and make individual characters stabilize. More often than not, there are no real actions, and yet you like these 4 very different people - who are trying to rob the bank, although their boss (Bernsen) does not appear to appear - complain about each other and reluctantly, like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of a typical bank robbery - completely impossible with all its turns and coincidences, and at the same time totally convincing in the love of ironic details. By the way, the title of the movie is one of the best I've ever seen, because it perfectly sums up the plot in a very ironic way. Therefore, take my advice: watch this movie, but if you do not chuckle, smile or smile for the first 10 minutes, forget about it - this is not your type of film. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to get a script - if you know how to do it, tell me.
