I like this movie for several reasons. I have a weakness for films with intricate crime stories, such as TOPKAPI. I also like movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET), which counterfeit this genre. One of the best is AN ORGANIZED CRIME. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen has had four disadvantages over the years, and he decides that they can be useful in a bank robbery that he plans in a small town in Montana. However, he did not give any details about the crime, nor do they know each other at all. Soon after he sent in, Bernsen was arrested by two New Jersey policemen (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck), from whom he escaped earlier and has a return order. While he is under their care, the four defects (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) appear without clue to why they are there, except that Bernsen planned something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film deals with four disadvantages that slowly get used to it. Gwynne and Philips manage to push back their own suspicions to see that they must trust each other. At the same time, we see that Bernsen is patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck - it is not too difficult, because they are not the lightest bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of threads that will stand against each other throughout the film: four flaws trying to understand what Bernsen's plan is and how to run it, and Bernsen tries to keep his freedom from his pursuers and regain his cabin (and hopefully he will find his gang there to take command). There is also a third, smaller plot, which is associated with the growing irritation and anger of the local sheriff Hoyt Axton against the New Jersey idiots who are still getting into his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many great moments in the movie, such as Axton, suggested by O'Neil and Roebuck, to surround the house in the city where Bernsen should hide, and shout (through the megaphone: "Come on, mom surrounded you! "To change the scene to the vast plain of Montana, that Bernsen is fighting and stumbles for miles from the place where the police thinks he is at the moment.This does not always guarantee anything, at some point their car does not start and they have to drive a truck, unfortunately it is a truck transporting fertilizer. <br /> <br /> Conclusion with the gang successfully carrying out a robbery, including all police cars at the time of the critical time (specialty of Philips is cars) is also a gem of results, tensions and comic The film is very funny and it's definitely worth watching.
