My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw the psycho of Alfred Hitchcock, I was very scared and deeply concerned. I started a crazy search for a movie that was terrifying in the same way. But none was satisfactory. Among those who tried and failed, were Birds, Night of the Dead, Silence of the sheep, The Blair Witch Project, Ring, Evil Dead, Sixth Sense, 28 days later, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, Close to Darkness, Alien, Peeping Tom, cell phone, baby Rosemary, do not look now, General Witchfinder, Friday 13th and Omen. That should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I found out about Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on the favorite book I have, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also appeared in some of the books I found in horror movies, but they did not tell me about the relationship between the book and the movie. I discovered the truth on the Internet, I bought a movie later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought that Paperhouse would not be faithful to the book and boring. The unfaithful was certainly boring, but certainly not. This was the answer to my prayers Marianne is renamed Anna in the film, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school, Anna draws a house in her scrapbook (nothing unusual about it), and then she gets sick and every time she faints or falls asleep, she is outside the terrifying old house (and I mean really annoying). More also reveals that every time he puts something new on the drawing, he appears in the world of dreams, such as Apple. Anna enters the world of dreams rather a sad boy named Mark, who apparently is a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but wants to leave the house, forcibly Anna draws a lighthouse (a place to go to), but the problem remains without a trace. Anna decides to pull her father. He pulls out a pencil and gets too busy, but the result is deformed and disturbing Anna especially does not like his eyes. Quote "looks like a madman". So Anna tries to wipe it and start again, but the pencil turns out to be indelible (it means that nothing can be wiped). Then Anna loses her temper and draws her father's eyes! I will also leave you to discover the terrible consequences of imprudent activity. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the British answer to Nightmare on Wiązów Street! Watching this movie shocked me and upset me. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is how to compare the dose with Psycho? Answer: old dark house, 2 psychological parents' fears, 3 real shock, 4 and very scary music.
