Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to faint and drift in the world of her own creation. He drew the gloomy world with a sad boy as an inhabitant of the old, spilled out in the middle of a lonely field. There are no details, just like every child drawing a house and its inhabitant Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not draw any legs) are the inhabitants of this world of purgatory / abyss. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house more and more, trying to find out what and how to help save the boy, but her fever makes it difficult for her to wake up every time and can not only kill her, but imprison her and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! This is a good word to sum up Bernard Rose's persecuting and poetic Paperhouse. A film that is so simple that it is damned almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. Although you can find this puppy in your horror section, that's all. It's more serious fantasy, expertly directed and exceptionally well played by the cast, in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). But this is not a children's film, but it aims to remember those carefree old days that are now only dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry with a moody atmosphere that creates an exciting backdrop for the genius story and great actors with whom you can have fun. Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain her more sleepy qualities and leaves most of the imagination of the viewers. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity to sink your teeth. Paperhouse likes to play games with viewers' minds, drawing you into your own reasoning. As history unfolded, I was greatly impressed by how powerful the movie was in the final, which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's graphics are brilliant here. It is able to create a disturbingly bleak atmosphere that appears to be simple on the surface, but as a whole is much larger than the sum of its parts. The actress comes from the young Charlotte Burke, her feature debut, is really impressive. Unfortunately, she has not decorated the screen since then. The Burnout Central's deserved reward seems appropriate only for this performance. At the end of the movie, the film is slightly delayed, but I could easily overlook it. I regretted that they did not take a darker step, creating a much more powerful finale, which would be even more annoying and truly riveting in retrospection. As such, the film is still one of the books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover. It is a poetic ride told by innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much remains to be considered and much more to praise.
