I miss the Vestron company, they certainly had an impulse for a unique and unusual cinema in the 80's. This is very evident in the amazing Paperhouse, a film that moves me deeply every time I watch it. <br /> <br /> The idea for a girl manipulating the world of dreams using her drawings (thus the world of dreams manipulating reality), as well as connecting and influencing the life of a boy she has never met, is fascinating and never fails. Charlotte Burke initially seems quite premature, and yet you warm up to her, because being a little mischievous child, adults are hard to believe what they experience. At the end, she becomes very conscious and strong, even when she finds that she does not "hate boys", as she insisted at the beginning. Thanks to that we are treated for many moving moments and extremely frightening moments, all visually stunning thanks to the excellent result of Hans Zimmer. I am proud that I own the soundtrack on a CD when it was released in the US on RCA Victor. At the time of writing this text in the USA, there is no DVD from Paperhouse (only in Europe). We hope that one of my wishes will come true because I really value this beautiful movie, and a DVD with it would be very much appreciated! br /> <br /> I am watching with satisfaction how a girl thinks like a puzzle game, trying to make the world of dreams work on her and her newly discovered friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers do a great job all the time. I think the editorial comment on Amazon.com says it's "embarrassing" quite embarrassing - I think every aspect of Paperhouse is exciting. Even in small scenes of splendor, like when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom stare at each other through the glass on the door, it is quite powerful. <br /> <br /> You do not have to be an arthouse type, enjoy Paperhouse, be a person who likes a movie that stimulates and wants you. In this film there are enough invitations for multiple reviews and I'm still impressed by the cinematography and set design. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, because there are so many details that you can absorb and relish. A very emotional experience. <br /> <br /> Although there are many movies that I love, there are only a few specific ones that strike me emotionally: films like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so many dresks, going through movies that are easily forgotten, and in occasional containers, all I have to do is watch Paperhouse and renew my faith in a wonderful story.
