This movie opened up for bad shows in the first weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and that's what the crowds brought. The songs in All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoN ne, were so often played that I had enough of them despite their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it's been years. This was because the marriage was very unhappy and Kamal Amrohi also had difficulty finding money to make the film; looking at sumptuous sets and costumes, it does not surprise me !! Meena Kumari not only grows old and sick, but also listens carefully to the voice of Summer. Inhi logoN ne has a younger voice from the 50s, while songs that have been re-recorded, like Chalo dildar chalo, are clearly developing. I would just like someone to find the songs of Ghulam Mohammad, which were not included in the film, due to the changing fashions that required less, though somewhat songs, and published them. Years in a recent interview (2007) assessed Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers she has ever collaborated with, apart from Madana Mohan (a great friend). Also notice that you hardly see actors in Chalo dildar songs, very unusual. Raj Kumar is just a short shot from the middle distance and you can see only the back of the alleged Meeny Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. Any other movie, this song would have approximated both. <br /> <br /> When it comes to this best movie, I would like to differ. This means that you missed a lot of Indian cinema without any special order, such as Barsaat (old), Devdas (older versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan etc. Etc. And if you value music more than history, the list will simply grow with beautiful results from Barsat Ki Raat to Naya Daur , Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: the list is really endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah, but do not miss any of the above. .
