Giallo's first feature, Emilio Miraglia, The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, was a great combination of Giallo and gothic horror - and the second movie is even better! This time we have more pages of the Giallo equation, although Miraglia does not lose the gothic style of horror, which made the earlier movie such a delight. Miraglia this time puts more emphasis on the delicate details of the story, resulting in a typical Giallo labyrinth, with characters all over the world and red herrings thrown every few minutes. However, this is a definite bonus for the film, although it can sometimes be too confusing; there is always enough to keep the audience interested, and Miraglia's story has improved since his earlier film. The plot begins with a scene in which two young girls fight before their grandfather explains to them the legend behind a rather gloomy painting in the castle. The legend revolves around a woman called the "red queen" who, according to the legend, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, murders begin ... <br /> <br /> Although he did only two Giallo, Miraglia has his own set of tributes. It is obvious that the red color is important to him, because in both films he is clearly visible; and it seems that it has something against women called "Evelyn". He likes castles, gothic atmospheres and stylish murders - which is fine for me! Miraglia may not be Argento when it comes to blood spilling, but she certainly knows how to throw a murder into the movie; and here we have the pleasures associated with Volkswagen Beetle and death on the iron fence, which is one of my favorite scenes of Giallo's death. The female side of the cast is excellent, with stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti, who lead a nice cast of women who are not afraid to take off their clothes! The result, courtesy of Bruno Nicolai, is catchy, and although there is not much of the psychedelic rock he has heard in The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave; it fits the film well. Termination is something of an exclusion, because although Miraglia improves the gothic atmosphere, it turns out that it is more than a bit hurried, and the identity of the murderer is too obvious. But still it is a charmingly fun Giallo, which I highly recommend to fans of this genre!
