Finally - finally I came to this and I was able to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! Until now, I only had a distorted, scratchy, uneven version recorded in Dubai in the 90s, with bizarre English subtitles, stunning panoramic coverage and a fluid color with my own mind. Recognizing the world as such a bad (and short) copy, I think it was worth the wait, and the full 140 minutes was even more enjoyable than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> It was the charming Meena Kumari movie from beginning to end, and I think it was planned by her since 1958, he finally realized it in 1971. It's a pity that chronic alcoholism he killed her in the end soon, and in fact she was too sick to perform in some scenes in Pakeezah, requiring a double body. In some scenes, the strain definitely shows her face. <br /> <br /> A tale of purity and adversity I can treat as a fiction without experience with anything similar to her, but I have been led to understand that it faithfully represents a world that has already passed, which must have been common in the past India. It is a brilliant and colorful film with a simple, inexorable epic message, intense romantic tragedy, which is both pleasant at the same time. But for me, it is the unmatched golden music of Ghulam Mohammed sung by the unparalleled Mangeshkar Summer - especially Thare Rahiyo - and her contribution to the development of a story that makes this film so special. I rarely heard such serious, beautiful, poetic, wonderfully sung and played songs on any soundtrack to the movie. Singin 'In The Rain may be my favorite musical film, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - however, Lata said that the songs themselves were nothing special for her. It is a pity that this one of a kind Mohammed Rafi had only one song here, albeit a classic duo from Lato. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but not blind to his flaws, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie, made at a time when Western India was gaining momentum and were now watching when Western values ​​seem to be sponsored by the state and de rigueur. At least look at Pakeezah to try the taste of what Indian "pop" music had to offer the world before it would be rejected for drum machines, Bollywood Beat and Bhangra.
