The power of the Kangwon province is the second feature film by director Hong Sang-Soo and clearly much of what he started in his previous film returns in this film, including many connected narrations (in this case two) and stories of troublesome or embarrassing relationships, and also a strong dose of irony. <br /> <br /> One thing that clearly limits his earlier work are the fancy elements that contained elements of surrealism. This film, however, also includes one surrealistic moment, which contrasts with a fairly realistic representation contained in it. These two stories follow a young woman who along with her friends goes on a trip to the province of Kangwon to convince a stranger, the other about a man who, together with his friend, goes on a trip to the province of Kangwon and struggles with his unhappiness relationship . <br /> <br /> Again, Hong has a strong understanding of the irony and flaws of human nature, and yet I do not think he is completely unpleasant about his characters, drawing only so much compassion to balance the critic he derives from irony. I think the idea that I loved Hong's films is that they feel so real, especially complicated and conflicted characters. Not to mention that every person is a hypocrite or suffers from mixed feelings, but rather that the characters he and the actors present feel fully developed and credible. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast-moving movie. There is a lot of time and, as in the previous film, things do not always combine, so patience pays off and surprisingly. There is no element of the movie that would not be deliberately placed in the film, and that made me a little hyper-conscious of the various seemingly extra characters as they were dragged into the mix as the movie progressed. > <br /> Power is an excellent film in which you manage to inject a level of personal emotions, regrets, longing for a story that emphasizes the irony and fallibility of human decision-making. It is quite difficult to maintain balance and it is surprising how Hong managed to do it twice in a row. Technical production values ​​have become much better because the first film and direction have become stable and clear. This film does not have the same emotional effect as the first, but it gains a lot thanks to some exploration, and refinement really helps to sharpen the overall vision. Great viewing for lovers of artistic cinema. 8/10.
