Fever Pitch has many stereotypes that we identify with Hollywood romantic comedies: the relationship between two people with a small amount of common, the secret that he hides, which he discovers, the inevitable break-up and the very audience? Well, I will not go any further, but you will get a photo. Despite his predictability, he works, especially if you love baseball, just like me, although I'm not as obsessed as Ben Wrightman, a Boston teacher playing Jimmy Fallon on the Saturday Night Live comic. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by Nick Hornby, written by veterans of the script by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan, whom Uncle gave him tickets for the season when he was seven years old a moment emotionally stuck. life to the detriment of his relationship with women. Ben is not only a fan, but also a "fanatic" who goes to Fort Meyers in Florida for Red Sox Spring Training every winter and never miss a home game in the regular season. His family does not consist of parents or siblings, but colleagues from the group who participate in each game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep, but the Red Sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls in love with the business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is in danger of growing up, but Ben is not ready for it. He would rather participate in the Yankee series than go to Baltimore with her to meet her parents or go with her to Paris and miss the Anaheim series. You need his relationship close to dissolving so he can stop thinking and thinking about his priorities, especially when the pint of Dr. Phil, who wants to ask him: "Do you love Red Sox, but have they ever loved you?" Though the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (the disappearance of thoughts), you would never know how things will go. Of course, for anyone who knows the history of Boston Red Sox, this is the band that will break the hearts of the most die-hard fans - but this is 2004, when the Bambino curse is over and when Red Sox moves to a new level, Ben can do the same. Both lead performances are excellent, and the Farrelly brothers even deal with a fairly thick gag. While Fever Pitch will never be confused with an artistic film, it is a joyful game that will have to end as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
