Clint Tollinger comes to a small town, looking for his wife and news about his daughter, because he finds her, the chance for any reconciliation is very small. While the sheriff and important townspeople learn about Tollinger's reputation as a gunman of the city specializing in guns. Because they live in fear of a mysterious landowner who gradually deprives them of their cities, they organize a meeting that decides to hire Tollinger to get rid of the city from its unpalatable elements. <br /> <br /> A man with this pistol seems to be either a forgotten piece, or very invisible, at the moment when I wrote it, he has just over 200 voices and poor 9 comments written for him. It is a pity both points, because although the production values ​​are screaming that it is a B movie in Western style, it is a great entry in the western genre. The fact that the work takes on a standard plot, which is a distorted city turning to a dark angel, has certainly not made this movie for years, I have read the abstract myself and thought it was another of a line of similar cinema themes. Nevertheless, I was pleasantly surprised to see a gloomy, dramatic picture that can boast of many pleasant moments, both technically and in operation. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is at the helm as Tollinger, perfectly devoted, he walks through the picture like a dangerous threat. We often talk about the presence on screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had [rightly, of course], Mitchum is there with the best of them. One sequence here sees him standing in the shadows at the back of the room when the meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel the piercing murmur looking at us! The rest of the cast is also very shadowed by Mitchum, so really only the big man plays a big role, maybe Ted de Corsia's award for the kick is unfair, but the slight failures of Man With The Gun are with his villains, and unfortunately de Corsia has no dangerous character. Alex North's score is well spread (Spartacus fans will definitely poke their ears), and Lee Garmes' photos are very impressive when we realize that most of this photo was shot in the studio. Man With The Gun, directed and co-authored by the first director Richard Wilson, has several surprises for this genre, but it is dark in tone, violent, and above all, highly perceptible. 7.5 / 10
