"Una Giornata Particolare" is a film that sounds so familiar that I thought I saw it more than once. Now that I finally saw it, I'm very happy. This is one of the best Italian films I know, with one of Marcello Mastroianni's greatest performances in other masterpieces such as La Dolce Vita and 8 1/2, both from the great Federico Fellini. Directing Ettore Scola is a film that devotes time to introducing heroes and slowly develops the story on a special day in which Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriela, neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). He is a member of the Mussolini party, quite fanatical in his thoughts, and he is no longer a member. I will not reveal the reason for this. On the day that each person from their building, including her husband and children, is to meet with Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies into Gabriele's apartment, and they meet like that. Just before Antonietta, he went to Gabriele to think about killing himself, again for reasons I would not reveal. As this story unfolds, I will not reveal it, but what happens between the two makes this day special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a great performance. You see that he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, although we do not know why at the beginning. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? In any case, he likes attention. We see how he makes his hair look attractive to a man. Loren also plays the stage great. We understand her questions, although we can not be sure what her intentions are. Moments in which we learn what their secrets are, if you can call it, it's a great moment. How this story develops is even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it. This is a movie you should see. Great performances and beautiful cinematography, and the message he gives us still stands today.
