As it was written, the best version of Homer's epic. The whole film was shot in natural places in the Mediterranean. The sea and sky are strikingly blue, the islands green and untouched. Clothes are linen, wool and fur, stone and nude settings, everything is a bit rough and primitive, a little that can be found in Cacoyannis or Pasolini's films, and that makes it all the more authentic. Although history is based on myths and widespread, it gives us a good idea of ​​how life could have been in the 10th century BC. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is a bit slow and raw, but the whole is so beautiful that you get into it quickly. Actually, it's amazingly close to the original Homer story, if not the text itself. Ulysses appears only in the first hour, begins with his son taking care of him. Then he suddenly appears lost in a storm, lands on the island of Pheacian, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are told in retrospection as a narrative for his hosts: terrifying Cyclop, the magical world of Circe, Underworld, Sirens, etc. Finally he returns to his homeland, Itaka after 20 years, and all this ends dramatically the pretenders of his faithful spouse Penelope. <br /> <br /> Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor for the struggle of human life. The cast is brilliant and international. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek tragedy in the style of Penelope, but the most amazing is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looking and completely convincing, it seems that the role was really created for him. It is strange that he was never offered the role of this dimension later. Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) also plays in Nausicaa, later known as James Bond's girlfriend in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and the playing Athena is Michele Breton, which was differently recorded in the strange movie "Performance" with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As was the case 35 years ago, the series was actually quite innovative in its time, as the first large European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). Already in 1974, I saw this mini-series in eight parts on French television. I was a child at the time and although everything was black and white, it left a very vivid impression. Throughout my life, I was wondering if I would ever see him again because he was never shown on French television. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on DVD (everything in a wonderful color) over the internet. This is unfortunately only in Italian without subtitles, although then there were French and German versions. I never heard that there was an English version of the movie, because it is widely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world and it's pretty shame. If you ever have the opportunity to watch it, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after it. The one from Camerini in 1955, in which Kirk Douglas performed, is a classic sword and sandal, such as the "10 Commandments", but not as impressive and very short for such a complex story. This 1997 Konchalovsky authorship is a malicious Hollywood movie based on special effects, sometimes quite bloody, very poorly preserved and blatantly far from the history and atmosphere of Homer.
