No, this is not a continuation of the fantastic OVA series, but rather a remake of events that took place after the death of Ghim (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). There are also more accurate novels that inspired this great series, which is why heroes (namely Orson and Shiris) are re-introduced and why history may seem a bit different than those used for OVA. (The brochure included in the kit provides excellent answers to these questions, just like various websites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part television series are focused on the painful battle of the Dragon Mountain Demon. The remaining 19 episodes present us to Spark, a blue-Italian knight who wants to identify with Parn, and his inept team of misfits who try to stop Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer. this is not the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the finale, in which Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard, right?), this continuation of television is still great fun for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and is a step down from the artistic band of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its elements of appeal. Fully realized characters, captivating plot, magic, romance and excellent soundtrack by Kaoru Wady from NINJA SCROLL, all this makes this uneven spin-off a bit striking. <br /> <br /> While OVA dub LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another, I have generally enjoyed it and I still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had high hopes for dub for CHRONICLES, realized in 1999-2000. For the most part, the song LODOSS TV English has a satisfactory (if not stellar) quality; however, he has many problems. A large part of the original cast, which lent their English voices to the heroes of the return of LODOSS (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice addition. On the other hand, the more mature Parn Billy Regan is somewhat indecent. He does not do bad work, but his voice has been embarrassing for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to immediately dub), but when Spark and the company enter the stage, I found it less embarrassing. (I do not know if it's because he has improved or just increased on me.) Moreover, not all of OAV dub are coming back. Jayce Reeves only Wagnard's voices (scary) for one episode; he was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole concert, which gives a screeching, but still malignant phrase (as well as expected bad laughter). On the other hand, Kony Anthony Cruise is too tired and takes about five episodes to find his step. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially during the last dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best dub voices come from some newer characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar , Garrack-episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who speaks Pirotess in the OAV, but also Ryn's voices with vulnerability and sassiness, as well as Karl), and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene in Leaf the Half-Elf). The rest of the cast is by no means terrible, but a bit more uneven than the OAV dub. Some are alright (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are weak (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.), and few were terrible (in particular VA, Rey's prince is too harsh and monotonous for a warrior of justice). > <br /> In fact, the lack of phonetic continuity (some cast members receive new voices for some unexplained reason, before we reach some later episodes) is one of the dub problems. Others include less memorable and more awkward dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (I apologize to fans) LODOSS ISLAND segments. These unusual, super-deformed cutscenes at the end of each episode will be entertaining or will drive you crazy. I admit that initially I considered them a serious nuisance, but after some time they grew up on me. (Besides, there are some incredibly funny lines like "I'm the king of Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I'm REALLY good!") These disadvantages classify dub for CHRONICLES only to a degree below that for OVA, resulting in an uneven English song best summarized as "OK". <br /> <br /> If anyone is wondering if a song in Japanese is the preferred choice, guess what? The Japanese version also has good and bad sides. While some voices are less annoying than a song in English, I found others that are less attractive than English equivalents (in particular an actress who does Deedlit, is not as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma). Besides, I should mention that the Japanese cast is NOT the same as OVA. Because the series was created seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) cast members are replaced with new ones. Although they do a trustworthy job, it can be a major disadvantage to those who were used to the Japanese OVA staff. It shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite their shortcomings, HERO CHRONICLE CHRONICLES are still a beautiful series that deserves its own ground. It is not devoid of rough spots and does not always match his predecessor, but there are enough points to counteract evil, making it a moderately enjoyable Anime fantasy.
