When it comes to art, the 70's were very stormy. In the literature and visual arts, the closure of the great, fifty or sixty-year period of creativity has not yet been resumed. In music, it was a decade that many perceive as low because of corporate rock and disco. On television, it was the Golden Age for comedy situations, from The Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H ​​to All In The Family, but in the movie it was even a longer period of creativity, in all genres that he saw the rise of American directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of old studio systems that have dominated Hollywood for over half a century. The directors wanted to create literary, artistic films for the masses, which were the basis in Europe since the end of the Second World War. However, the studies tried to keep pace with socially conscious films that have not been seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike movies from the 1930s, with actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually with Dead End Kids) who dealt with social issues in a realistic realistic way, or realistic , as could be obtained on the sound stage, the social awareness of the late 1960s and early 1970s was most evident in science fiction movies, which allowed Hollywood's Left Wing to preach to the masses under the guise of what they thought was little more than comic entertainment. This was a precedent for this approach, because several movies with flying saucers from the 1950s dealt with the political spirit of the McCarthy era - in particular the Day the Earth and the Invasion of the Body Snatchers stopped. In the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly undermined the political conservatism of the time, throwing social problems into the science fiction settings of his classic television series, The Twilight Zone. Among the study offers of that time, they were ecologically sensitive Silent Running; The first film by George Lucas THX 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which rejected communism and state control over individual rights. Some of the references to the film are quite heavy - and resemble the then Arab oil crisis and raging inflation. A few strawberries costing $ 150, and food rations Soylent are different colored dishes - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, supposedly made from "the best undersea growth", in a similar way to gas rationing at the time. Scenes of food-related riots are an amazing echo of oil riots at many gas stations in the year of the film release, and the scenes of crowding and bodies, both living and dead, lying around are still cooling, and they also have an impact. A later film, like Escape From New York, is an obvious offspring. The rest of the script, by Stanley R. Greenberg, is quite ordinary and quite standard for a dystopian movie, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline are doing a great job, filling the screen with interesting images and sounds to spice things up. The use of soft, poorly lit images, dubiously filtered, adds Stygijski's mood to New York, almost like the colorful version of Vampyr Carl Theodore Dreyer. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not for a faux fashion belt, the film could really seem timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, in which Thorn sneaks into the processing plant, where the human body is made of Soylent Green wafers, they are both chilling in their veins and strangely without any dramatic ones. After all, the Soylents' allies hunt the Thorn, but he survives long enough to say the password to Chief Hatcher. However, it is not known if this is enough, because Hatcher has already been co-opted, and has a history of easy exit. However, this fact and its ambiguity show that the film does not summarize the heroes' dilemmas and has depth much later, better-made films, sci fi or not, they do not have. That's why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
