Documentation of the documentator. This is one of the ways to describe Keep the River on the right: a modern cannibal story. The film tells about the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaumie, who in the late 70's set out on a journey to places he spent as a participant in field research more than 40 years ago, first in western Papua, and then in Peru. Tobias is a full-fledged hero: a gay Jewish artist, an anthropologist, who is looking for a life on a cruise ship that teaches onlookers about cultures for which he has a deep respect and understanding. The author of several books documenting his time with both the Asmat people from West Papua and the cannibal Amazonians in Peru, Tobias persecuted what happened in his time in these places and how intimate his relationships and relationships became. However, the constant amazement and recognition of Tobias as a place he has met is admirable and a real pleasure to watch. One can only hope that they will ever achieve and maintain such humbleness. <br /> <br /> Tobias makes an interesting subject to study, because the experiences he faced in immersion in these two tribal societies fundamentally changed him. This film undermines the concepts of morality and "naturalness" - eg nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch out for the graphic scene of circumcision). Asked why he got involved in some of the local practices that others would morally condemn, his non-evaluative nature asks, "Why not?" Who can say that the path of other cultures is good or bad? This little sleeper must not only watch National Geographic types, but also people interested in the art of making documentaries. This video shows what you can do on video. The edition provides a quiet revelation of the life of Tobias, which makes you look fascinated. Sometimes he laments that the film crew pushes him back to emotional recovery, especially considering his age and physical weakness. We may be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to turn, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand humanity and their place in the world. The creators of the film present moments of critical balance, presenting, for example, one anthropologist who believes that Tobias preconceived his discoveries (in this case homosexuality) based on his personal interests. Having said that, you can not decide when to stop being shocked and when you take this man home for a hug. Follow the Queen River, this is the best river ride I've made for some time.
