The world of sci-fi drama from 1973 SOYLENT GREEN is what we can see if we are not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York exceeded 40 million marks in 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, year-round heat waves and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what does this particular product really consist of? This question lies at the heart of the truth, a somewhat outdated but still intriguing movie based on Harry Harrison's novel "Make Room! Make Room! ". Charlton Heston plays the character of Thorne, a NYPD detective who came across the murder of a leading corporate director (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was on the board of the Soylent Corporation, the people responsible for all these food products that people must consume instead of the real thing. Heston thinks that this was not just a garden murder, but Cotten was beaten without any reason. He receives a lot of help from his somewhat cantalist but very clever "book" (Edward G. Robinson in his 101st and last movie appearance) and several current reminders about how the world was once. What Robinson learns about Soylent Green is shocking him beyond all imagination; but before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he's killed himself. And when Heston really discovers the secret of Soylent Green ... well, this part has been immortalized in the history of the film. <br /> <br /> Under the very professional hand of director Richard Fleischer (BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather gloomy but thought-provoking look at the dystopian future that mankind could survive if we do not limit our tendency to undress our planet's natural resources. Indeed, it was a project that Heston himself had in mind when filming in 1968, after he hit gold in science-fiction genre with APAN's PLANET - a fact that probably gets lost when its ultra-conservative in conversation political philosophy appears (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is not a treaty for unrestrained capitalism). Robinson, as always, is a seasoned professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is euthanized (as he looks at the video of the world from a better age, focused on the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply painful. The film also benefits from a solid help from Chuck Connors (as a very persuasive heavy), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior) and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman who tries to help Heston in his investigations. <br /> <br /> These days it must seem easy to reject SOYLENT GREEN for being dated. But those who do this should think twice; because the world of this movie can become our reality if we do not watch what we do with what we have today.
