As with all eco-friendly films from the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather poor view of what environmental collapse is. Overcrowding means there are too many people to feed? I had the impression that hunger was caused by war or unsuccessful economic policy. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions killed by starvation, and to this day, the biggest tragedy of man was Mao's rural policy in China, which led to more than 30 million starvation deaths in the 1950s. And let's not forget about the big famines in the corner of Africa in the 1980s and 1990s, which were related to conflicts, not overcrowding. You can also take into account that two of the most populated areas on Earth, in Hong Kong and Macau, have never experienced hunger these days. Similarly, the expansion of slums around cities, as seen here, is not limited to overpopulation - they are economic factors in which people gather in cities to find a better paid job than in the countryside (it is a manifestation of industrial progress - not too many births), So the image of New York streets is too crowded to go through and sleep on staircases, there is a bit of laughter. <br /> <br /> But do not be fooled by the idea that SOYLENT GREEN is a pile of rotting trees, because I think it's the best ecological movie from the years <br /> <br />. A game on the view of the modern public about the world in which Sol and Thorn are happy to find fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn gasps with astonishment that he has ice in his whiskey, draws on a cigarette and gives the classic line "If I could afford it, I would burn two, maybe three of them a day". But the image of the euthanasia room is memorable, because Thorn is looking at images of wild animals, flowers, running water and snow-covered mountains, a world that the Thorn generation never knew. It is a very haunted scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie, combined with the fact that it presents the last screen of Edward G Robinson as a wise old Jew, Sol Roth
