The "Garden of Allah" is a perfect example of "popular women's literature", the turn of the 20th century style, combining all the power of unbridled erotic and exotic dreams with the stimulating glow of false mysticism and the sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Just as Jane Eyre could not be really happy until her castle burned around her, and her lover was permanently crippled for his sins, or Rebecca's heroine could not find a real fulfillment in her marriage until her master was founded the murder of his first wife (and her castle burned around her), or the poor Psyche could not leave herself alone enough and had to bring Cupid's secret at all costs, Domini, a pious Catholic heroine of this piece of tripe, can find true sexual implementation only by unintentional marrying a man who renounced his holy religious vows. Like all such narratives to stimulate the reader and evoke the fumes, this is based on the oldest tricks in the book: basic misunderstandings and inability to express their true feelings in the right place and at the right time, until it is too late. The logic is that any final sexual ecstasy can be subjected to as long as someone is willing to pay a high enough price for it in penance in the last act. It was Paul Claudel who reduced the beauty magazine to the standards. Well ... It could be a lot worse and often ... <br /> <br /> Without the religious undertones, the plot is like in your basic porn movie: Oversexed monk driven mad by abstinence escapes to the desert where he has a few rolls on the dunes with a romantic, shapely but naive Catholic heiress before the re-integration of the monastery, the whole passion spent, leaving her to clean up his mess. And I'm really looking forward to comparing another commentator from "Thais" Anatole France, a sophisticated novel whose intention was to laugh at the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which fortunately appeared in Massenet's opera of the same name. <br /> <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the chronicles of commercial eroticism of women is, of course, a huge constellation of talents gathered under one banner, so that this cinema wet dream turned into a shiny, vibrant life. Indestructible Technicolor photography that will survive us all, the load of character worthy actors (including one sweet dog), music by Max Steiner, who seems determined to realize Michael Powell's "composed film" (which, ironically, had a bit of a version) quiet from 1927) I always dreamed about sometimes drowning on the edge of dissonance, but it always appears in a wonderful symphonic operatic exotic, reminiscent of a dream atmosphere in which material considerations are not the subject, heroes travel like magic from one place to the next, the dialogue is rare, unclear and suggestive, the direction of art is near heaven, flower arrangements appear in the humble cottage or tent, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible, and all male characters are either aristocrats, saints, convicted but horny sinners, mystics or poets . <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! Presentation of this movie on DVD MGM is bare bones, but impeccable. The flow rate is very high, the color registration is almost always perfect, and the mono 2.0 sound really does justice to the result of Max Steiner and the penultimate confession of Boyer. <br /> <br /> A historical note about this kind of "women's topic": In the following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by the "Garden of Allah", directed "Carnet de Bal", where very similar butter - the horse's clothes do not melt in the mouth of the heroine (widowed after taking care of her ill husband in an exotic distance of some impossibly romantic alpine villa by the lake) she wants to discover what she missed by looking at male dancers in her first dance book. He finds them all the time, only to realize that any feeling that existed at some point between her and herself was either misunderstood, overstated, or had tragic consequences for a lifetime. It's the cynical way Duvivier made us look out of impossibly idealistic imaginations and that we all must grow up sooner or later.
