I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. This is not a strictly biographical film; it is "loosely based" on facts. But I think it's a fascinating and amazing exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault will give you an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this movie; Petiot, who travels like a vampire through the night with a black cloak fluttering behind him, is almost iconic. There are also a few elements of expressionism - crooked Petiota silhouette, climbing up the stairs leading from the basement, where the remains of his victims are waiting to be cremated, reminds me of some of the scenes from "Nosferatu". <br /> <br /> But I found the original appeal of this film to be phonetic. The soundtrack is filled with ominous sounds, starting with the sinister music opening the subtitles, accompanied by silent wailing. Petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and the noise from the knives is sharpened somewhere, and the dealer plays an amazing saw sound. There are also animal sounds - the concierge is holding a goat, the howling of invisible cats - and later in the movie we see unfortunate cattle driven by the underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with the subtext of violence and slaughter. <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but human voices are often heard - cries of Gestapo victims, Petiot patients in his waiting room, monitored by the listening device, just like suspected collaborators after the war are monitored for their purposes. Even the movie's action is often arranged so that we can hear the participants' voices, not seeing them - when Petiot goes to Mme Kern, we hear her singing when she works, her voice echoes in the theater before we see her. And even when she appears, she is often filmed from the back, and her voice calls to her husband, whose voice calls her in a conversation. Discarnate voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when they are seen at all, are photographed from a distance, so we do not see them talking. This is a ghost story, and these are ghost voices - many of them are Petiot's future victims. <br /> <br /> However, Petiot himself is often only a voice; his terrifying laughter echoes when he withdraws from the camera, throwing comments or into the air of anyone. In a sense, he is just as much a ghost as a murderer. He is always frantically busy, he escapes from an appointment, never at rest. But his activity is a machine - dead and unmoved. Interestingly, among all the horrors and dangers of the occupied Paris, Petiot himself is not afraid; he is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, contemptuous, but never afraid, as opposed to those real people who are gripped by their death. No wonder that he praises his mechanical inventions, including the perpetual motion machine (a real detail from the book - he claimed he invented many machines); he is a kind of perpetuum mobile. And mechanical images are everywhere in the film, from an open giant wheel in the cinema, to Petiot's bike (with his squeaky wheels echoing sharpening knives), to Victroly he still spins to play music before he kills. Even his routine with victims is mechanical - write a note to his wife, let me hide you before you go, need vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - how well oiled machine, routine is always the same, only because the disc is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, says that it was the mechanical perfection of his crime, which was so heavy against Petiot during the trial. His system was as efficient and effective as the Nazi concentration camp, and that is perhaps why the film comes up with the theme of Petiot's involvement in the French Gestapo and the occupiers. Unfortunately, this does not work as part of this story, because it is very difficult to determine what Petiot does for co-workers or what happens when they end up at their headquarters in the middle of the night. Removing bodies? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say and harder to believe; it is not likely that the state will turn to a freelancer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the dualism of bad people; Petiot is a murderer and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. As we have learned that Hitler loves dogs, and the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes, they can also be loving fathers and families, so we must acknowledge that Petiot could have committed unspeakable horrors while at the same time functioning normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the madness and horror of the war situation in Paris; when killing, robbing and disappearing happens everywhere, no one pays attention to how Petiot throws more corpses on the pile.
