I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it, and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb one of Mount Everest's sister peaks. Now, these types of things are usually not to be missed. Inspiring. Moving. Pretty standard, right? And even if the movie were just that, I would still like it. But that was much more. The German blind Sabriye Tenberken herself set up a school for blind children in Tibet, a culture that sees blindness as a curse as evidence that a person has done bad things in a previous life. Many children at school have been rejected all their lives and, at best, a burden on their families. As part of education, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind who reached the top of Mount Everest. He sends him a letter in which he invites him to visit her students. Instead, he makes up a plan. It will organize a trip to climb up to 23,000 Lhakpa Ri and provide all guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants and then the fun begins. <br /> <br /> The Erika team consists mainly of Americans, mostly men and mainly sighted ones. As experienced alpinists, they are type A personalities, very gung-ho and goal-oriented. Sabriye is European, female and blind, and her pupils are more than a "project", no matter how good they are. In addition, students are Tibetans and are not old enough or confident enough to always defend themselves. When the expedition develops, they become pawns between two adult "parties", wanting to please both, and at the same time want to gain the trust that results from the achievement. As an additional obstacle (other than being blind, I mean) they speak English as a second or in most cases a third language, and they fight to understand and understand themselves. <br /> <br /> When it turns that no student has any climbing experience, and some are more coordinated than others, he begins to unravel Eric's original plan so that everyone can reach the top together. When both students and teachers begin to feel the effects of high altitude, you must decide whether to continue or send some down the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude is increased irritability, and you can see how it feeds the conflict between adults. Risking too much simplification, on the one hand are those for whom the goal is everything, and on the other - those who simply want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all turns out, except that it is one of the most surprising and provocative stories I have seen for a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also weaves the stories of every climber to the narrative, and it was very necessary because once on the climb, the children tended to keep their heads down and their mouths closed. The whole drama around them was not surprising. The stories are cute and poignant, and I find it very strange that I found myself closer to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. It was contrary to my expectations and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to the entire human drama to watch, director Walker and her small crew had to contend with cold and oxygen-free conditions, carrying equipment in the mountains and hoping it would not break down. As with all great documentary films, the creator was lucky (or smart enough or prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she captures a unique story that has just as much to say about people who want to do "What's best for children", just like the children themselves.
