There is an episode of The Simpsons, which contains a jocular report about the military base as the "Killbot Factory". Here the comment is just part of the joke, but the documentary by Patricia Foulkrod shows us, frighteningly, that it is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War, the American army decided to solve the problem they had struggled with during the war; that many soldiers got into a battle and could not kill another human being unless it was "me or them". Since then, the American Army's training process has been to remove all moral scruples and transform recruits into killing machines that do not consider soldiers to be human. To develop the most unnatural state in them: "Sustainable Killing Need." <br /> <br /> First of all, this is not an anti-war movie as such. While he certainly paints the war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses rather on an aspect that does not attract as much media attention as, say, a debate about the legality of the war or its physical successes or failures; the impact that the process of transforming a man into a soldier has on a person as a human being. The paradox is that training someone to be a soldier in defense of society makes them completely unsuitable for living as part of this society, and although most examples and interlocutors come from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod unites with past conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully Sure. This is not about any particular war, it's about problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film appears to be divided into three parts; how recruits are drawn into the army and what training they receive, how they are treated after the fight and what happens when they leave the army. Once this point has been achieved, you realize that the main purpose of the film is actually policies that are an inseparable part of armed coercion, policies that are put in place to make soldiers enter into affective combat power, but push humanity away from individuals. Those interviewed tell the camera how the recruitment process seems as clean and simple as words such as "democracy" and "freedom" are surrounded, but after starting the training they become "enemies" and "killing" and "destruction". As once in action, the soldiers do not care about what to do, because they are rooted in the idea that as soon as they execute the order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to returning home. They have no political or social ideals to fight, but to fight and kill, because they are prepared for it. <br /> <br /> But the main purpose of Basic Truth is to emphasize the way the American army rejects those who fought for their country after returning home. Returning soldiers do not receive any real rehabilitation, and many of them are forced to return home unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most of the rules in force seem to be to ensure that the army bears no legal responsibility for psychological effects their soldiers raise. This is the last insult that they are rejected when they are used. <br /> <br /> If there is an error in the movie, Foulkrod does not try to show the other side of the argument. You get the impression that every soldier who ever went to war would come back with a post-traumatic stress disorder. It would be interesting to see these from? less liberal upbringing gives their opinions about how the army deals with training and politics. There is never a chance to be revealed on the other side of the argument. <br /> <br /> But besides, it is a professionally prepared document, and the use of film material and music Foulkroda is perfectly used to go through the side of the war, which is often avoided when discussing the effects of the war.
