"Descent." Yes. Boy ... I have not seen anything so powerful and brilliant since Bruno Dumont's Twentynine Palms (2003). (Incidentally, this film should not be confused with another rather recent photo of "female initiation", "THE DESCREMENT" (2005), directed by our friend Splat Pack, Neil Marshall, who is also a DIY enthusiast.) But back to that "Descent", assessed by NC-17 (uh-oh) effort, on which the charming lady Dawson takes the producer's credit (congratulations) and directs Talia Lugacy (a good chance that he is not the real name), as good as it is (in a moment ), will not be appreciated by most lay people because the script is very flawed. As a producer, you really need to sharpen this script. Of course, in the very premise, you have a promise of a growing conflict, but there is still the task of achieving a growing conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing plays like an interesting piece of experimental theater and, well, I think I will let others who have already commented on this talk about the nausea of ​​it, namely what is happening in the second act - but find me a second act that is not boring? There is also the Catch 22 that suits these quasi-independent movies, such as "Descent", in which Rosario attaches himself and uses his "fame identity" to get a production scenario that in normal circumstances will not get done at all and at the same time it is basically unsuccessful in the main role of the film. Rosario Dawson is wonderful, and apparently you can shoot this girl from almost every corner all day, but oh, wow-wee, how quickly time slips: Rosy is no longer a student. This is part of the confusion around the script: "Is she a graduate? TA? No, the doctoral students do not really have such qualms about footballers, do you? "Again, if you're Rosario Dawson, executive producer, this is one of many, many aspects of the professional film process you need to think about when you start this great new role in your career film. And if you do not have an answer to the question why the film is not convincing, let me tell you: there is a load and a group of live, well-qualified, undergraduate talents who want to get involved in business, who could nail this hero down, all the time looking as good as you know who; but unfortunately, without you, Dawson, no Honey, no money. I must admit, however, that the camera department did a great job, because this movie is really well filmed (i.e. Illuminated) in all its grim / drowsy darkness. Nightclub scenes look great; it can be said that all these music videos start to pay off and play against time ... The shooting / framing is quite excellent, which makes the picture a satisfying watch. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is good, not great. However, I feel that thanks to NetFlix this movie will find its own life. I hope that this group is still making films. If you like experimental American film productions, cinematic images of incredibly well-formed college studs (or abandoned models) at the beginning of the age of 20, or if you are a student, just angry with hormonally aggressive young men who make up less than half of your American university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" may be your taste of RockaRoll.
