I rented this movie only because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to watch it with my buddy and we were glued to our places for 6 minutes. Not because of any intensity in these 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no banal lines; movie. Slowly you were drawn into the whirlpool of the tragic human fate. Some people think they like the movie, but unfortunately they are wrong. They like movies; mindless entertainment for entertainment alone. Michael Bay's transformers and the like have been produced only for this audience. You do not have to think about people, just watch and let the stereotype we can collect ever slowly dissolve your brain. We will place ads throughout the video to buy our products. And do not forget about explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make a distinction, art can be fun, it also provokes thinking and moves you in a hidden way. Entertainment is rarely ingenious and even then it is arbitrary. Film is entertainment. Descent is a movie. Film is art. <br /> <br /> If you are still holding your soul in your walking bag for meat bags, this rape scene is just as powerful as "Irreversible." The difference is that "irreversible" is a violent scene of rape, in which two people are involved, whose paths unfortunately crossed in bad times and hell happened. "Descent" is a date rape. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Just different. It's about violating trust, profanation of the soul and scars that go deep. If the character of "Maya" agreed, it would be a hot sex scene. But seeing that he desperately wants to escape, the scene is nauseous. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial rapist and is completely worrying because it resembles a passionate romance. How could "Maya" ever be closer to anyone, even when she raped her clever facade, "Jared's" lover only tells her that she would slip? It's ruined. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. Camera work and lighting sometimes removes the surroundings and focuses everything on the "Mayi" and quiet internal activities of her mind. All this was achieved by Rosario with expression and gesture. The soundtrack was perfect, combining everything. My favorite scene is to synchronize all these aspects of the film working together; "Maya" dances in the sea of ​​writhing bodies, something in her awakening, she becomes conscious, everything is set beautifully sad melody of Jeff Buckley. <br /> <br /> I do not think I really broke anything, I stop before I do it. Conclusion, I think it was the best film from 2007. Unfortunately, it looks like everybody is so tired now that if you do not break in, do not tear apart, rape gangs or bomb anything, people just will not bother. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. This is only the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen, never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you take a shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas gift when you tie a shoe; they are persecuting you. They're haunting you until this last thing releases you. <br /> <br /> Give yourself. Check yourself. Watch this movie.
