Although this movie has a first-rate list of great actors, excellent special effects and a story that is full of surprises, it was not chosen for distribution in the studio and it was hit directly on DVD. Perhaps it contains too much information about "police forces", and maybe it shoots too many action movies during excess, but no matter why the big screens did not take advantage of the opportunity, thankfully the new concept of publishing movies directly to DVD allows us to enjoy . <br /> <br /> The topic is old: a novice reporter discovers an inner circle of clayed corrupt - in this case FRAT Team (First Response Assault and Tactical), a group of well-trained policeman created to clean the mythical city of Edison from the lowest point of crime, drugs, prostitution, etc. Working under the cover of the temptation to steal confiscated goods and money is too good a chance, and now, 15 years after its creation, FRAT is responsible for murder, drug trafficking, terrorizing innocent people, etc. The main dog is Lazerov (Dylan McDermott, who he's doing terrifyingly real gangster!) and his partner Rafe Deed (LL Cool J, even more picky than usual and proves that he can be a sensitive actor.) Reporter Pollack (Justin Timberlake) catches the wind because of the "wrong mistake" and reports his theory fraud and corruption to the head of his newspaper, Ashford (always reliably fined Morgan Freemano wi.) Gradually, Polack convinces Ashford, and then Wallace (Kevin Spacey, also consistently playing the role of the protagonist) and help Pollack in reporting the investigator. The closer to Pollack the truth, the more surprises and bad events happen, and the history leads the pall center to a series of unexpected results. <br /> <br /> Timberlake lacks charisma to lead, especially in the company of such experienced actors. But LL Cool J, Freeman, Spacey and McDermott are holding a well-oiled film machine to the very end. No, it's not a great movie, but it's one that makes the edge of the seat move with the message. Grady Harp
