Beatlemaniak, who I am, I turned to Two Of Us with a combination of fear and fascination. After watching "In His Life: The John Lennon Story" I was very worried that Two Of Us would not be better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris do not look like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? even with some makeup and appropriate hairstyles? it did not help a bit. <br /> <br /> But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. Probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970. And consequently, he probably knew Jan and Paweł well, the protagonists and dialogue were as convincing as they were. (The merit of Two Of Us is a man by the name of Mark Stanfield, about whom I know nothing absolutely, I am convinced that the director Lindsay-Hogg had more than something to do with the script.) Two Of Us is not a biography The Beatles; in fact, it has a very small story and takes place in one day in New York. He imagines meeting John and Paul in 1976, While John lived in New York. This meeting is of course fictitious? however, you can not disprove the fact that such a meeting actually took place. But thanks to this imaginary conversation gives us insight into the personality of these two great musicians? their intelligence, sense of humor, a different reaction to stardom and, above all, their relationship; which made them such a great band and what broke them. <br /> <br /> Because it's a talking movie, nothing but a dialogue between the two characters for an hour and a half, the Beatles fans probably get bored; but this is a fantastic work of writing and telling a story that is both informative and moving. For those who are interested in these two music giants, you will quickly overcome the shock of how different actors look from their counterparts and feel that John and Paul are alive? the script is so intimate and convincing, and the actors are involved. Two Of Us gives you an invaluable insight into the life of two geniuses and a tale that is both sad and funny. Certainly recommended.
