The quintessence of Georgi Danelia's Georgian film, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not Grieve, is loosely based on a novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin". The novel takes place in the rural part of the XVIII Century France. The great French Revolution is still ahead of us, but some of its turbulent characters are present in society. Benjamin, a local doctor, is the soul of a local community, an educated, friendly, democratic person who often treats the poor for free. This makes it very popular with residents, but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with the beautiful Manette, who also captivated him, but is carefully watched by his father, who called his daughter "small capital" and is determined to protect his virginity until the marriage contract ... I never read a book, and from the description it sounds like a very charming French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of the transfer of characters and some elements of the 18th-century plot from France to the beginning of the 20th-century Georgia-Grusiya. I think that Danelia invented all the colorful, unforgettable characters who feel so good in his native Georgia-Grusiya, a country with long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, a rare musical talent that all Georgians seem to own exceptional humor and a high code of honor. When we watched the movie last night with my husband, he said, what a great example of an artistic film, and I agree with him. Do not Grieve is an excellent artistic film, visually beautiful, deep, but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never arrogant but optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, loving irony and understanding for its slightly eccentric but very human figures. Most importantly, the film is warm and delicate, does not look down on the viewers, as some of the photos do. You do not have to be a cinema lover to love him, live with him, smile and sigh, follow a good-natured young doctor Benjamin (the first role in the film of the famous singer and actor Wachtanga Kikabidze with Danela from which Danelia will make two more films, including one of my favorite movies, Mimino), during his travels on the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or be a guest at a one-of-a-kind party where friends gather to celebrate the life of the old doctor Levan, who wanted to be a guest on his own to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies when he's still alive he lives and who chooses which color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a kind of movie that Federico Fellini could have liked. I was not surprised at all when I found an article about Danelia, in which he calls Fellini his director number one. I also learned that according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergey Parashhanov (a visionary who I do not need to present the film of beloved Danelia, fairy tales about American boy Huck Finnie, Sips propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about Don 't Grieve, while Fellini praised him very much. I dare to go a little further and guess that perhaps Maestro Fellini remembered some of the paintings and the aura and climate of Do not Grieve when he created Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something important that links both films. Both artists have returned to their roots, places that they love deeply, people who they remembered, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have many smiles through tears. Both are artistic films that will go directly to the hearts of viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I will add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He made some great pictures in my most favorite drama genre, even tragicomedy, which are fun and bitter sweet, poignant and subtle, earthy and uplifting, gentle and shiny. While I was browsing the list of films I wrote / directed, I was amazed that he did not make one bad movie since he began in 1960 thanks to the award-winning story of a young boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films belong to my favorites because I am sure they are among his legions of fans. Man for "Seraozha, Sovsem propashchiy" (1972), being an adaptation of Marek Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya Shagayu after Moskve (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not be sad, Afonya (1975) , Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very suitable title for this film, as well as for the whole genre Danelia practically invented, and a favorite cult for over 20 years Kin-Dza- Dza (1986) is a genius and deserves our true love and true gratitude for unforgettable moments of film happiness.
