This is a movie that has so far escaped me, but now, when I watched it, it appears as one of the main entries in the noir style. As usual in the DivX format, watching was far from ideal? distorted by occasional video and (mainly) audio defects? but considering that the movie is still not available on the R1 DVD, it will have to be done for now. Because the reputation of the film is quite high in the genre itself, I assume that the reason for this omission is that it has no known actor at the forefront. <br /> <br /> Anyway, belated entry of the nominal movie star? The tone of the franchise ?? packes quite well (especially since it turns out that he is a villain from the first)! Tone was an underrated actor? rarely gave him fleshy roles, and this may be his best (making his paranoia both fascinating and credibly dangerous). Female pencil? Ella Raines, who later appeared in BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as her own THE SUSPECT (1944) and THE STRANGE OF UNCLE HARRY (1945) Siodmak? she is quite adorable and can play the role of a desperate secretary to prove that her condemned head (Alan Baxter) is not guilty of his wife's brutal murder. Other key supporting elements are described by Thomas Gomez as initially intimidating but ultimately pleasing investigating police and Elish Cook Jr. quintessence of the fall of the species? as a wretched "female" drummer. <br /> <br /> Like Jules Dassin from BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was at the moment in his noir career and this movie definitely benefits from his great direction? ? all inclined angles and frightening passages, including the rightly famous jazz sequence, in which Cook maniacally beats the drums in sexual madness caused by the sloppyly dressed Raines (who imposes an act to attract his attention and ultimately lead him to admit that he abstained from evidence during the investigation that might have caused her to leave the prison). Another great, long sequence is the one in which Raines follows the bartender (another uncooperative witness) on the streets of New York? which makes him mowed by a car! <br /> <br /> The trial sequence is also noteworthy? which is entirely presented by the reaction of the public, that the judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. they are never visible (although the voice of the judge is recognized by the veteran of the character Samuel S. Hinds). The focal point of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminal, with whom the inspector is overthrown as mentally insane, giving initially a satisfied "stunning charm". A tense peak discovers that Raines is alone with Tone in his apartment, where he discovers evidence of his guilt? he confesses that he was having an affair with Baxter's wife, but he killed her when she did not leave her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I came across a movie: while the story is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that while driving a taxi at the beginning of the movie ?? where does Alan Curtis escort the titular lady to the theater? Shot from New York (containing clear footage) presents a tent promoting the musical comedy SWISS MISS from 1938, Laurel and Hardy! By the way, the famous mysterious writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which the pseudonym was based.
