Alan Curtis loudly and violently argues with his wife, jumps out of the apartment, spends the night drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in the bar (led by Andrew Tombes, in a nice, nefarious part for the change) and returns to find his wife dead and police , headed by Thomas Gomez waiting for him. His attempts to prove an alibi - that he was with this mysterious lady - are falling because everyone they think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that there has never been such a person. It ends without an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines believes him. Sentenced after the trial, he is awaiting the death sentence. Raines begins to come out truthfully, discovering that Gomez has some doubts. He also finds an ally in Curtis' friend Franchot Tone, who apparently was out of town on the night of the crime. Will he take Curtis out in time? PHANTOM LADY is based on the novel by William Irish (the great writer Noir Cornell Woolrich). As fans of the film know from Woolrich's other works (LEOPARD MAN, NOC has a thousand eyes, REAR WINDOW, NO MAN IS NON-OWN), you can not assume what is real on the surface. The missing wife of the seller may not actually be in the north, sending him messages that came if she still has her jewelry. Mentalist may be able to predict the tragedy - or was he planning to kill his old partner, now a millionaire of oil? Did the leopard kill young women or does a rich loner in the city hide some guilty knowledge? Is a young woman claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in the wreck of a train, in fact she is a crook? Here are Raines and Gomez (with Tone's help) trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman who no one would admit to see - and if she sees her, why can no one else remind her? The problem with this story is Curtis' personality - he gives up too easily when he is found guilty of a crime he did not commit. In fact, anyone who is innocent would shout until they were executed. However, in defense of Curtis' fall, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GETTING TO THE CITY, it becomes so disgusted that Douglas Dumbrille and his minions are delusional and furious that at first he does not defend himself until people who rely on his help will shout in the courtroom and wake up Feeling of responsibility. But Curtis just gives up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else would not care if Curtis did not. <br /> <br /> But the movie will survive this weakness. Slowly discovering lies by witnesses bribed by a real killer allows you to do two sets for Raines with Tombs on a deserted platform and Elisha Cook on a jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain expects double checking his alibi. And the villain manages to overtake Raines and Gomez a bit to the final minutes of the movie. If it's not as good a movie as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS or MALTESE FALCON, it holds up well until Curtis and Raines finally join together.
