This noir may not be the best-remembered movie of the era, but it contains a great plot of mystery, a common noir atmosphere and good performances by lesser-known cast members. Robert Siodmak, a talented director of the classic movie "The Spiral Staircase", directed the film two years earlier than the aforementioned film and shows a real talent for creating a dark and deliberate atmosphere, as well as creating a plot that intrigues the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he does not like. One evening he takes a lady in a big hat to the bar and they both agree for the night without attachment. Then, however, he returns home to find his apartment attacked by police officers and quickly learns that the reason is that his wife was strangled with one of his necks! He is terrified that no one he has seen with a mysterious woman can ever recall her, and of course the jury sends him to the murder of his wife. But fortunately for him, his beautiful employee deals with the matter ... <br /> <br /> The plot moves nicely all the time and, unlike many more well-known noirs, this contains several murders that make the conduct more interesting. In fact, if it were not for the fact that it was made in the 1940s and filmed in black and white, I would swear that the Phantom Lady was Italian Giallo! The central characters are so interesting that Alan Curtis presents the unfortunate victim well, and Ella Raines is effective as a woman's improvised detective. The real distinguishing feature of the film is Franchot Tone, which provides an unforgettable performance as the crazy black character of this song. The film also features the role of the extraordinary actor Elish Cook Jr, who plays the drums in the most memorable movie segment. If I were to criticize this film, I would say that the identity of the murderer is revealed a little too early - although the Phantom Lady deserves recognition on this front as an original course of action. The conclusion is satisfying and everything makes sense (which is amazing considering the unlikely plot line) and, in general, the Phantom Lady is certainly one of the biggest and most underrated noirs ever made!
