I rated this film 7/10, which is an average of 8/10 for the script, direction and value of production from 1944, and 6/10 for acting. My acting score, in turn, was calculated at 4/10 for all characters on the screen, except for the character Ella Raines played as Carol Richman, which was excellent at 8/10. I also praise Thomas Gomez as inspector of Burgess, whose character argues that he personally does not think Scott Judge (Alan Curtis) was guilty of seeing his naive alibi. These two form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on DVD "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, because despite the search I could not find a completely English version. However, I wanted to see another performance by Ella Raines after she was impressed by her performance as a heroine in "Impact" playing on the only female garage owner. another heroic role in the innocence of his chief engineer and refuses a few suggestions that she should return to her home in Kansas (her name for her boss) before resolving the missing alibi. The fact that he is secretly in love with his boss, it is a bit difficult to believe that he formally just had a formal business relationship with her. However, he had designed children's homes and playgrounds, so I suppose that the "family man" brightened up in Carol's brain. <br /> <br /> In the 1940s, the "film code" in action, producers could only present sex through metaphors, and here it takes place in the form of an angry drumming played by Elisha Cooke jnr.Carol, who becomes a girl easy virtues, trying to lure the drummer by giving her information about the "The Phantom Lady" alibi. Another main character, Jack Marlow (collaborator of Scott Henderson) plays Franchot Tone, whose performance I thought was too theatrical and I wondered why Carol, for example, did not notice him constantly and strange ely admiring his hands. Here the scenario should be improved and provide more tension, because these theatrical movements telegram the plot too early for the audience.
