The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel like the ultimate fantasy: go into the shoes of the 007 agent. "FRWL" is approaching this goal than any other game, because this time you control the real James Bond. No offense to Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and lent his voice and likeness to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond and there will never be anyone approaching his cool level. <br /> <br /> I must say at this point, like many others who have reviewed this game, that Sean, 70, does not fit his 30-year-old picture on the screen, and it takes a bit of getting used to, but it's certainly it's worth it. Creates lines such as "Bond ?? James Bond "and" Shocked, not mixed up "again into a big deal. But controlling Sir Sean, who accepts the organization of evil known as OCTOPUS, is, as Bond said in the "Octopus," "just the tip of the tentacle." An amazing game begins with the opening of the gun barrel. This is the original gun barrel from movies. Then you take the first mission, saving the hottie blonde daughter of the Prime Minister from the terrorists in the Parliament, and everything, from cars to clothes, is perfectly retro. The game world is the real world of the original James Bond, from the classic version of rock-n-roll theme James Bond, who finally plays at the key moment of the game, when Bond penetrates the secret factory. <br /> <br /> After opening the game, the story follows the storyline of the film "FRWL" faithfully. James Bond is sent to Turkey to pick up the Lektor device from a Russian cipher clerk who claims he has a crush on him. In Turkey Bond cooperates with a nice helper Kerim Bey. Bond must recover the device, protect the lady in danger and return safely to London. The screenplay was written by screenwriter Bond Bruce Feirstein, who did a good job, making the game the same but different from the movie. Characters from the movie are well recreated, but some are better than others. Counterfeiters expressing villains Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are amazing. And there is a moment at the beginning of the game in which you interact with Miss Moneypenny, M and Q, who look and behave like in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What makes this game cool for the rest of the world Bond games, except for the voice and likeness of Sir Sean, are two important features of the game. One of them is concentrating Bond. While you can send villains simply by blocking them with one button and killing them with another, pressing an additional button will allow you to get closer to the target and choose between the points to which Bond will shoot, e.g. Grenade attached to the belt, which will send the enemy and several his friends, or a rope that will make the suspended opponent sink into death. Another noteworthy feature is killing stealth and mélée. When you're close enough, just press the button to defeat the enemy with the raw brutality that only James Bond Sean Connery showed. <br /> <br /> Sean Connery's Bond relied heavily on his raw jokes and talent, so you only have a few gadgets, but they're good. Q-copter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and explore areas that Bond can not reach, like Q-spider in "EON", only better. A classic laser watch is useful not only to enter sealed rooms, but also to send enemies when you do not have another available weapon. Sonic cufflinks and a serum gun are the most fun, but you have to experience them for yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can put Bond in several retro costumes found during the game, including a gray suit from the movie, a standard black tuxedo, a retro stealth vest and a classic white tuxedo that look exactly like they did when Sir Sean wore them in movies. While driving in the game, you drive Aston Martin DB5 straight from the "Goldfinger". It can not become invisible, but it has a gadget for shooting tires like in a movie. And when you do not fly through the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly in the air in the "Thunderball" jet package. <br /> <br /> Then there is a multi-player. Of course, this must be compared to the "GoldenEye" standard and it fails. You can also play only Bond villains, not Bond itself or other game characters. But a multiplayer game is fun and a decent bonus, because the greatness of the single-player campaign makes the game worth the game. The basic game has other disadvantages. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, in particular the shooting in the Gypsy camp, Bond's fight with Red Grant in the Orient Express and the confrontation between Bond's shoe and Rosa Klebb, are not fair in the form of a game. And the game is a fast game, even on the most difficult level. But in general, this game is James Bond's best experience so far.
