I am not a supporter of a certain genre of the film. I classify films only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film of director Jamie Blanks after his Urban Legends. In contrast to Urban Legends, the script and story are very weak. Once again, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the film are so glamorous and iconic, and that's what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first elemental and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so mundane. From high school, he grew up with wounds he had accumulated in his soul against his classmates who made fun of him. When you focus enough on this first element while watching a movie, you will see this point of humanism: "Nobody is completely good or bad. In fact, someone known as evil can be secretly kind. " Just because the plot and direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second cult element is of course a great community of super stars from the 90s: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the coolest way to be killed. An arrow shot from the bow pierces her belly and stays in it while she plays hide-and-seek with a blind date, never being able to meet. Katherine Heigl is the first star who died in the biology lab, trying to hide under the models of the human body lying on surgical operating tables. Denise Richards is killed in third place, and she just found a Valentines Day gift for her in the hot tub. Jessica Capshaw is killed as the last one in a confidential and invisible manner, and then she is sentenced to a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unlucky man who has the fate of being killed in the most confidential way that we will never know, because the movie comes to an end before it is killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the happiest person because she was not a friend of the serial killer class, David Boreanase. <br /> <br /> The third and last iconic element is the soundtrack from the labyrinth scene with a blind date, Valentines. The celebration of the day on Dorota's house scenes and finally killing themes. As far as I know, everyone liked the soundtrack. Hard Rock never fits better with the serial murderer-secret movie.
