I will not speculate what Brando tried. At best, he turns around in such bizarre performances, insinuating so many things at once that he does not seem to be doing something as much as playing through unfailing instinct. Often it seems that he draws attention to some favorite aspect of his character over all others, a concentration that, if applied, turns out to be something like a red herring, as it turns out to be more subtle, more craft-like than it first appeared. This is the mastery of artificiality, not naturalism, which may be related to the method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz so wonderfully realized, seems to be adapted for him, which is to begin with a strange and strange still at the end, because whatever Brando did, he managed to get the grace, maybe his own, but perfect grace - again strange, coming from an actor with limited musical abilities, never before or after association with a musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely planted, is not that impressive, but certainly more than enough, really delighting in the Havana sequence and never less than pleasant. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because both actors are so focused on what they do, as well as characters on what they intend to do to each other, it seems that there are no lovers "" chemistry "Brought up so insistently more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah feed each other properly, but on the one hand I do not see more. In this film it is extremely blinding and funny (and above all, everything about it, craft, is simply - dazzling), this lack would seem something tactfully and easily overlooked, but so much would depend on real chemistry! At least a partial transformation of heroes through such chemistry would bring something positively transferring to the last scene. In fact, this film is certainly delighted, but it is not really moving, except to negate the truth of the relationship. Note Sara Sara marries in the uniform of her missionary, Sky Masterson, in the same miserable loser than the wedding party. And they came back to those from their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Fun (meaning insightful), the most moving and the most serious scene, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, like Lalka Sinatra / Nathan Detroit, Adelaide, the only scene in which these two people are together, not only because there is no trace of flirtation between them, despite the fact that it takes place in Adelaide's wardrobe, while Adelaide is about to change. Although you can make an application, there is no place for it, Sky really is the type to "check" Adelaide in this kind of circumstances. He is even there to tell Adelaide that Nathan will not meet with her to escape. Both Adelaide and Sky are real on their way to Nathan, and even on his pious, as the tones of their exchange show. Adelaide is of course also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is softened by a deeper feeling for Nathan because Sky reminds her that she can not love a man and then wish him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and dolls are another turn in the fight of sex, around the themes of gambling and salvation. Since both a compulsive gambler and a seeker of salvation are more or less unconsciously striving for despair, simply the lack of Brando and Simmons' chemistry can be a dark secret. After all, this lack may mean an excess of narcissistic preoccupation (reflected by the pairing of Sinatra / Blaine, though with much less self-deception), which may explain the strange, rather provocative interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister Brando and Simmons Sarah. I realize that Simmons can mostly present frigidity and skepticism, but Brando, although playing in a confrontation with her, is not exactly hot and eager, and is more than just maintaining distance - he also assimilates them, keeping balance. His boldness lies only in playing against her - on a trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever he does - but he is not really determined to win by seducing her as much as striking her in his own area. It can be clever, because playing zealously can be the only way to get to the missionary and through it. But that makes Sky's transition from the usual attempt to win the bet to the real desire of Sarah Brown a little less than persuading. But why does he want her? What does falling in love with Sky mean? I believe that the only way to circumvent this is to actually accept his humanity and that he does not want to end up as an ordinary cad in relation to Sara's sister, so he does, as he promised, he must give the sinners his prayer meeting, make his "mark" as he puts it, as a way to regain it when it seems that he has already won just to lose her. But that still means caring for yourself more than anything else. However, it also allows Sarah Brown's concern, because Sky appeases her missionary to regain her lover. Neither, it seems, much will change in a relationship, maybe beyond the acceptance of the other. It would seem, however, an uneasy proposition: acceptance is still quite flashy from achieving happiness in the second, let alone transcendence, which each of them seems to suggest by "chemistry". I suspect for all that Mankiewicz is fully aware. <br /> <br /> For all who could say, in defense of the Guys and Dolls, that you can not expect depths from musicals, I need to remind them only the Cabaret, The Three-Penny Opera, Carousel, A Star is Born, and even The Sound of Music, on which I do not care (and you can add to this list, even without reaching for the post-cabaret musicals), all wrap wonderful music and dance around terrible unrest.
