It would be easy to call guys and dolls. He has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original wishes, work on the casting), he has a really nice atmosphere from the 1950s, even if he is basically moved from stage to screen with a small break. And most of the songs are often very funny and catchy, and performed with a wink and a nod to the great escapism that lies in the form itself. If it is not as great as some others, it should not be the fault of filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all songs are completely clicked, and some of the dialogues seem to be performed on the stage rather than on the film (sometimes it's hard to say Brando and Sinatra are on the line so often that you have to watch carefully to tell when one plays on the camera or on the "stage", while the actress playing Adele is better on the stage than on the screen). <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those that works well during this period, even if it wonders if its influence has affected such as 'She's All That' from 1999 (well, not really, but near). The player (and 14-year-old engaged), played by Sinatra, wants to organize a great game, but it is said that "heat is on", which means the cops are on guard. So he has only one choice to run the game, with the tab for one thousand dollars. The only way he can do this is to bet big bets with another Brando gambler who is forced to do a missionary mission worker's wild missionary work. It allows for predictable twists in the sudden inclusion of the character's charm, the idiosyncrasies of street people (gangsters and dancers, and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons who falls) for Brando). In its basic concept, it's about the whole world of guys and dolls and how to balance one or the other - of course, without marrying or compromising too much. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the song, even when we hold the camera still with the camera, and its stars are properly wound. Hell, even Brando works great on the musical, because he goes beyond the fact that he is just a method actor and shows his chops to sing and good quality. The story and characters eventually end in what can happen, and that's good. Everything we ask for - and what we receive - is entertainment in good gushing witty dialogue and a few songs and dances that bring home (my favorite is the number of kittens in the club, Luck be a lady and these two numbers in Havana, Cuba ). BEHIND-
