A group of caliber women from San Francisco, who have been friends since elementary school, are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them strange Valentine's cards. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? <br /> <br /> My assessment often changes in subsequent scenes of the movie - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. I do not remember, however, the next film in which my assessment has changed as drastically as in the case of Valentine. When I first watched it, after its cinematic release, I thought it was awful - I gave it 4 out of 10, the equivalent of class "F". Watching him a second time last night, I do not remember what the hell I did not like. I can only assume that maybe I was really in a bad mood to watch it, or maybe I just did not understand it. Anyway, I loved him this time, giving him 9 out of 10 or "A". <br /> <br /> It may sound funny, saying that I did not get such a movie, but there is something to gain. Valentine is almost comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for Urban Legend in 1998, adopts the stereotypical formula of horror for teenagers, which became so popular in the late 90s in the aftermath of Scream (1996) and pushes most elements up, making Valentine celowo kiepskim / camps almost to the point of absurdity (where absurd is a positive stylistic term). In addition, he gives us a film full of humorous comments about romantic relationships. Humor is unusual because it has the same exaggerated camp tone as the aspects of horror teenagers. Most of the situations in the film and the way the black character works, humorous or not, are related to the Valentine's theme. <br /> <br /> Many viewers will probably take away points from the film for various clichés - rooted, but unlikely scenarios and story development. However, in the light of the above, the film is deliberately trivial, unlikely and absurd. It's as if Blanks is trying (and usually succeeds) to go beyond the typical teenage slasher, sneering / falsifying conventions of the genre, while erasing the eros. This is the irony of putting a horror movie on Valentine's Day. This inconsistency, which is cleverly intertwined in the whole film, and which in itself is the heart of the slasher genre, making it the best karma for Valentine's extravagant scarring. Scream had a similar purpose with his horror material, but the phrase was that the movie was "self-aware". Valentine's are deliberately not aware; the viewer must rely on contextual satiric hints. So that some people do not think I'm "reading too much" in the film, it's worth noting that Blanks said in interviews that he "did not just want to make another Urban Legend slasher" and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something. " more adult. " <br /> <br /> Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day is so different from the alleged source material, a novel about the same name Tom Savage. Heroes of the novel, set design and plot are very different from the film. The salespeople said: "Although it was a great book, I did not think it was the right story for the movie." Instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, was used as a release pad, a theme for creating variations on a horror / thriller focused on Valentine's Day. Although these facts will not help purists who are familiar with the book, just like a film, it is worth understanding why the film has a different plot and attitude. Probably better to look at the film as an independent subject with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> The direction of the battlements is impeccable visually. Valentine's Day has a lush look, with complex, deep colors, interesting sets and a good staging. Blanks is admirable because he keeps the villain and attacks scenes not too dark, with clearly visible action. He also directs his actors with panache, often catalyzing cunning humorous performances. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> Although Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it's a very good horror movie / thriller movie that seems very vulnerable to misconceptions. If you look at how you expect something more, you can say that you appreciate it much more.
