This is a masterpiece of Frank Loesser with funny lyrics, competent themes and a solid construction by those who adapted Damon Runyon's material to the "book" of the musical. What is surprising in the film is how smoothly the musical numbers from the storyline flow. Abe Burrows made a book with Loesser's contribution; The choreographer was Michael Kidd, and Joseph Wright wrote an outstanding artistic direction. The story can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs cash to fund his constant nonsense game to play in Big Julie, the Chicago Mob Boss. He bets Sky Masterson, well represented by Marlon Brando, that he can not force a girl from the Salvation Army to go with him to Havana; Masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets gamblers and riffraffs in the nonsense game to attend the service, and tells everyone that the lady was immune to his charms - a complete lie. Of course, she ends up with a lady; and Detroit marries the long-suffering fiancée Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, and B.S. Pulley as Big Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as the leader of the Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the summer girl of the Salvation Army, Sarah Brown. Famous musical numbers in this award-winning Broadway hit include: "Fug for Tinhorns", "Guys and dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I'll Know", "Person can develop cold" and "The oldest founded game Permnanet Floating Crap in New York! ". The proceedings were conducted by Joseph L. Mankiewicz from "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives"; and the workflow is very interesting and successfully continued. He is also adept at leading a perfect dialogue playing and directing such huge numbers as "Luck Be Lady", a diverse and challenging brawl section, "A Woman in Love" section in Havana created for the movie that precedes it, presentation of the song title "Guys and Dolls "and" Pet Me, Poppa "set in the club where Blaine works. Acting is very uneven. Simmons sometimes seems inappropriate for this part, Brando cope with singing and is very good at instinct, charm and underappreciation, even in comedy. scene. Sinatra is very old, but because of his role he is mistaken for several reasons, as Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a little too theatrical to sell his numbers, which he also sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what they ask for, and even more. Stylized opening and closing makes them work well; all in all, this film is a triumph for the sympathetic and subtle lyrics of Loesser, for director Mankiewicz as a ringmaster, and for the genre of musicals themselves, so well justified in this case. Wonderful and very different.
