This musical was not what I expected, most of all there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Because it was based on the story of Damon Runyon, I was expecting irony and surprise, one of which was really good - when it turned out that the Sinatra gang used the Salvation Army office in its nonsense game while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If, of course, it is also at the right moment, when Brando brings her back. I really did not expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great, but he was fine in this role. However, its large number in the channel, while the rest of Sinatra's boys were the only place, I felt Brando's voice was weak. He simply did not have the power required by the great summit. In general, the scenes between Brando and Simmons were filled with electricity, something I thought would not happen when we first saw Simmons, and later, when we introduce ourselves to Brando in a restaurant with Sinatra, who tries to quickly one on him. It was only when Brando went to his office that this story came alive. <br /> <br /> On the other hand Frank Sinatra was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, who I never heard of, but which, I think, played a part on Broadway, seemed to slow things down. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, her songs were the weakest for me both in terms of advanced history and character. Besides, all Goldwyn Girls numbers seemed to be in the shoes, just to get the tinsel. For example, when Frank meets Brando in a nightclub, we just go to the routine for the cat number - then we go back to the guys who continue as if there was no dance number at all. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but every time we go back to the history of Sinatra-Blaine, my level of interest waned. <br /> <br /> When it comes to songs, they were good, especially the first issue from Stubby Kaye, Fuga number on Tinhorns (Can Do!). It's a great song that reminded me of the first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it's called. And the number in the channel - I could not resist remembering "Cool" from West Side Story - which brings me to the point. I really did not like the artistic direction in this film. False Times Square was so completely false that it attracted attention. The same applies to the Havana sequence, and especially to the channel. I realize that in 1955 most of the musicals were shot on the set, but everything changed - for example, the carousel greatly used location photography. Even the city was shot in Mahattan in 1949. Before we get to West Side Story in 1961, it's obvious that things in Manhattan had to be shot in Manhattan. In comparison with Manhattan associated with a set of guys and dolls, I felt outdated and a bit too sweet. And Lindy's change to Mindy - did they really have to do it for legal reasons? I always thought that Guys and Dolls is a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was much more concentrated than what he deserved. In this respect, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but it had a certain shallowness. <br /> <br /> My one serious complaint about guys and dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic to the original stage show, but when Jean Simmons realizes Brando never took any money for the bet he made with Sinatra, and even said he lost the bet, she just runs away to find him, and we go to the wedding. It seems to me that the scene between Brando and Simmons would contribute to the strengthening of history. Seeing Brando come when he comes up to him would be a great scene. There is a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion have this duet while he waits until he changes. He's upstairs in his home, he's on the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombones. She is singing Goodnight My Someone. Suddenly, they change and sing their songs - a beautiful way of communicating them to each other. It's the emotional peak moment of the movie. Even so, the guys and dolls decided on it.
