I am intrigued by a strong sense of sympathy towards (or liking!) Sinatra in other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never forgave anyone that * no * was cast as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> OK, so who would not want to be cast as Sky Masterson? ?? this is a great part: a charismatic gambler who commits a serious mistake when he lets himself be dragged into a plant where he must take Sarah Brown's Sergeant Army Sergeant on a date on Cuba or lose. It's not money? it's pride, but he and she meet each other. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit must be juggling his long-suffering fiancé Adelaide, trying to find a place for a dice game that will make him rich if he does not alienate his fiancée forever. <br /> <br /> The movie started life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: it's his unique dialogue that you hear, and these are his great character names, and this is his world of horse racing / nightclubs / late night. Then he became a musical and you can not resist the impression that in the form of a film he never really left the stage. The camera is extremely static, and the settings amazingly? and not nice? flat and childish. Fortunately, the music is so great that I do not care. <br /> <br /> However, my absolute favorite in this film is singing and playing two non-singers, Brando (as Sky) and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, placing pro-singers in these roles would bring better music; but it is forgotten that two such brilliant actors brought something else to the party: what they lacked in their vocal talents, which they made up with enthusiasm, acting abilities and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are with Sky, as he claims with Sarah against reason, constancy, pipe and safety. You like to relax Sara under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel the suddenness and passion of their scene in the yard with the bells and the hour before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it's "chemistry". Pro singers? are they Broadway or drovers? you can not rely on it to happen. (And they certainly did not do that.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting his whole body in the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, in turn, was furious at Brando's four methods of action. As a Brando fan (does it show ?!) I am obliged to take the other side, but I can not imagine that this film would be such a beloved classic as it would today if Brando and Simmons were not with their miraculous chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and embarrassed at the Cuban bar. Beautiful. I will always want a copy of this film to be in the vicinity, in case I feel good again. You'll forgive me if you give some of Nathan's parts (sleeping) talking about 100% rejection, right? You will not be? Oh, be quiet and have some Mindy cheesecake!
