I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think that it somehow lost its magic touch. Many other versions, Ever After put away, Cinderella, have actually lost their contact for years. Then I found this production with the faultless performance of Kathleen Turner as a bad stepmother and I was amazed by the phantasmagoric essence of this fantastic story that has cast me under her charm since my childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl who died and was dominated by her wicked stepmother, stepdaughters and longing for the last chance for the ball. But this storyline is changing in the classic Fairy Tale, causing the imprisonment of Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola and called by the family Cinderella because of slavery) in the situation of her father (who is still alive) slowly losing to the dominant wife who manipulates him in playing favorites with his wife and daughters against his own and trying to poison him. In this way, Zizola goes out to save his father, stopping his stepmother from finding another player, distracting the men who come to her way. There, bored Prince Valiant changes his heart from a dull life and falls in love with a mysterious lady in a strange dress (cut out by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals on slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me to this film is first of all an original approach to the old fairy tale, which nobody can match. He does not intertwine a network of lies, like most of Cinderella's stories, he does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would like to participate in football, nor does he show the prince the shallow side the Disney version did. Instead, it shows Cinderella's more disinterested heart than any other production, and the graphics are simply stunning! The costumes are beautifully made, especially the sapphire blue Zizola dress, matching the fantastic beauty of Marcella Plunkett and soft, mind-like voice. <br /> <br /> I would strongly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in a sleep-like sequence of the classic Tales with an interesting accent. My only problem is that the producers and the director have not created a full collection of other cartoons with the same element and the fact that the film is already exhausted.
