The first step to get out of this path that leads to nowhere is to recognize that you are on top of it; then it becomes a matter of assertiveness and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that could put you on the path first. This is what the young Latin girl in "Girlfight", written and directed by Karyn Kusama, is doing. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old senior high school student in Brooklyn, facing expulsion after the fourth battle in the halls from the beginning of the semester. It affects the attitude of "anything" that masks the deep-seated anger that threatens to take her into places where she would rather not go. He lives with his father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom he has a very uncertain relationship, and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). When her life teeters on the brink of disintegration, she desperately needs an outlet through which the demons that harass her can be driven out. And one day he finds her, not even looking for when he stops at the gym, where tiny trains. Ironically, Tiny does not want to have anything to do with boxing; she wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son should be able to take care of himself on the streets and pay ten dollars a week for lessons. When Diana convinces Tiny's coach Hector (Jaime Tirelli) to take her on and go to his father for money, under the guise of calling him a weekly allowance (he does not want him to know what he wants), Sandro turns her over and tells her go out and earn your own money. Finally, thanks to Tina's help, he finds a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It is an environment that is willing to adapt and it seems that her life is to be turned for the better. And the fact that she will have to fight men, not women, in "blindly sex" contests does not bother her at all. Diana found her element. <br /> <br /> The first time the screenwriter / director Karyn Kusama has done a great job creating a realistic scene for his story, presenting an honest portrait of life in projects and passing on such well-known despair for so many young people who are in a dead end and on this road that leads nowhere. And there is no candy coating on it; as Hector tells Diana when she asks him where he came from, where he is, "I was once a warrior. I've lost. ' Then, looking around the busy gym: "Like most of these guys, they will also lose. But that's all they know ... "And it's the honesty of the attitude, and the way the characters are portrayed, that make this movie as good as it is. It's a grim world, underlined by a dimly lit, dilapidated gym - you can smell the sweat of boxers - and a sense of desolation that hung over it like a puddle, covering those people who grab and hang the only thing they have, everything they know. <br /> <br /> Michelle Rodriguez debuting on screen is perfectly manned as Diana, pouring her into depth and a meditative intensity that radiates enough from her in the waves. It's so real that you're wondering how much Rodriguez really is; where exactly does the actor end and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful, unforgettable performance by an actor, from whom we will expect another venture with great anticipation. It certainly makes Diana a positive role model in which many will hopefully find inspiration and awareness that there are alternative paths in life, at least for those who will look for them. <br /> <br /> As positive as this movie, however, it ends with something ambiguous; though Diana apparently has feet on earth, he has no idea where he is going. Is this a short-term fix for her, or is she to become the female equivalent of Hector? In the end, realistically (and in the light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not a profession that is suitable, nor does it open arms for women. In line with the subject of the film and the approach of the filmmaker, it would be appropriate to confirm the results of Diana's assertiveness. <br /> <br /> Supporting cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). While it provides a very real picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of "Girlfight" that slightly increase credibility in relation to what is happening in the ring. In addition, it is a positive film, which is mostly a rewarding experience. I rate this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
