Once upon a time, Hollywood has produced G-rated videos with no disgusting language, immorality and brutal violence. These movies did not insult your intelligence, they did not manipulate your emotions. The heroes were not much different from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and borne the same burden. Since the 1970s, the film industry has almost completely written videos for adults with the grade G. Basically, a modern mature audience demands large doses of beautified realism for their cinematic diet, strongly intertwined with evil curses, sexy mattress and tight-fitting hands. These components make up the difference between G-rated films and those rated PG or PG-13. <br /> <br /> Wonderfully, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote the screenplays for "A Perfect World" by Clint Eastwood (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), breaks into the house with this is a well-respected four-man baseball epic in honor, which not only celebrates America's favorite sport in the summer, but also praises the spirit of the game. Essentially, "The Rookie" resembles Robert Redford's saga from 1984, "The Natural" with an older slugger who returns. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" avoids cursing, sex and violence. <br /> <br /> What's more, rugged Dennis Quaid plays the real man. Jim Morris's autobiography "The Oldest Rookie: Big-League Dreams from Small-Town Guy" served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester") of Rich's unpretentious scenario in the Norman Rockwell style of white middle class aspirations. Morris reached his dream when he made his debut on the mound as a relief jug in 1999. Although he does not belong to the same league as James Stewart's inspirational classic "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" qualifies as a kind of movie that Hollywood rarely does, because viewers consider it outdated. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich close their funny bizarre biography in a halo of mysticism. A wild oil seeker convinces two Catholic nuns in the 1920s to bankroll wells in west Texas. Fearing that they blew up their dollars due to unreasonable fantasy, the sisters cover the barren area with rose petals and invite Saint Rita, patron of hopeless causes for intervention. The well is gushing! The City of the Great Lake appears, and rough players fish for baseball when they do not drill holes in the field. The baseball spirit emanates from the ground like oil. In the meantime, many years later, the US Navy does not maintain Jim Morris, Sr. (Brian Cos from "Manhunter") and his family in one place long before they eradicate them. Continuous movement is reflected on Jim Juniors. Jim's father shows little sympathy and criticizes baseball. <br /> <br /> Still, Jim has blood in baseball, so when he accepts the chemistry teacher's high school job in his hometown in Texas, he's organizing a baseball team. Like the vulgar "Bad News Bears", "The Rookie" describes Jim's triumph in transforming the losers into winners. Morris promises the team that they will reach the division games, he will try a professional baseball team. As you might have foreseen, Morris's students keep the end of the contract. At age 35, Jim stuns large league scouts when he throws fastballs at 98 miles per hour! "The Rookie" never fouls.
