Imagine a scene: a mountainous alien landscape. The twin moons illuminate the bloody red sky. Tardis lands, and the Doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian apron and Rose, his companion from Earth, walk outside. A flash of recognition appears on his face. "Well, I never! His planet Saurious-7. Where I fought with the belligerent Kraggartians. They tried to use giant Skinkons to take over the planet. " The girl smelling the air. "We can not go, doctor. I do not like the look of this place. I still think we are being watched. " Doctor waving with a disapproving finger. - Do not be stupid, girl. I wonder if the King and Queen of the City of Cordaraba remember me from my last visit. Come on, Rose, come on! She leaves, the girl tries to keep up. High on the hill, ominous red eyes look at them with hatred ... original broadcast in Britain, "Rose" can now safely be considered a breakthrough episode, putting "Dr.Who" back where it belonged, as one of the flagship BBC programs . Errors made by the movie McGann T.V. they were well known. Instead of trying to bring the new "Who" to the existing chronology, it was a new beginning of the series, ranging from the shopping girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), who was concerned about her daily routine. One day he goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble begins. The mannequins come alive and attack her. Only thanks to the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) is he saved. <br /> <br /> The story, though it may be small, is more than enough as a starting point for the series. Autons are of course an old villain (it was their first appearance since 1971), But there are no references to their previous performances - another wise move. The finale successfully recreated the famous scene in "Spearhead From Space", when the exhibition mannequins were revived. As a Doctor, Christopher Eccleston did not have the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket to the traditional costume of the Doctor of the Epoch, but that made him more accessible to the expected new audience. Billie Piper surprised her critics, making a big impression as "Rose." Noel Clarke was also good as her boyfriend, Mickey. <br /> <br /> Yes, there was an additional emphasis on special effects, but then you had to - unstable sets and unconvincing monsters from the past do not happen in the television of the 21st century. The more important is how good the script is. Ten million people tuned in to see the new Doctor. <br /> <br /> "Dr.Who" came back - and back with a bang!
