Such an important part of British pop culture as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who was a huge hit for 26 years (1963-1989), which made it one of the longest running TV programs in the world (most of the series are lucky ten seasons). The re-start plans were always on the BBC program, and after the erroneously calculated (not to mention Americanized) TV movie produced by Fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, the next nine years (despite comic tricks and animated mini-series in spite of) were required, before the final Lord of Time could return properly, thanks to the renowned writer Russell T. Davies. <br /> <br /> Davies' brilliance in character rests in his decision to do it with the eyes of an outsider: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London girl who leads a very normal life up to one night, is attacked by the creatures from living plastic. She is saved by an elusive stranger who simply introduces himself as a Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after choking: "Nice to meet you, Rose. Run for your life! " As he becomes more and more interested in this "man", he soon finds himself in a completely new world: aliens, invasions, time and space travels and, of course, the ubiquitous TARDIS in the shape of a police police box. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who are almost perfect (special effects could polish a bit), because Davies nails two things: the unique humor of the series and two heroes. The most famous feature of the original series was a mix of spectacular science fiction and a pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here, all the laughs are connected with the conversations of Rose and Doctor, who after one episode come out with fully rounded figures. Okay, so technically Doctor Eccleston is the ninth one who uses this name, but distances himself from the previous eight incarnations, speaking with the northern accent (the one he uses every day) and justifying it with a great line: "Many planets are north!" /> <br /> The real triumph of this episode is Piper's performance: theoretically Rose is a teenager, almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who have never heard of the Doctor before, her portrait of an ordinary girl lost in a new, exciting the world represents the reaction of the new generation to the return of the television icon, and the chemistry that immediately forms between her and Eccleston is a sign pointing to a new doctor who is as good as the old one. <br /> <br /> First, the fifth, the ninth it does not matter: they could be different from Eccleston (and Piper, that's it), but he, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of this group is one character, so cool that he does not even need a name: he is a doctor.
