When the sun shines brightly on a quiet Sunday that is about to wake up fully, love can be felt in the soft wind that sweeps my feet and you can see it in the smiles of the people I walk by. It is a perfect day for a stop over croissants and a cafe before heading out to the city of lights and love. Of course, the flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this modest film critic, so I had to choose the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by various international directors. Each piece is named after another Parisian district and is a reflection on love. Paris, HER T'AIME, trying not to glorify the most powerful and convincing human emotions, explores love at many stages of his own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And really, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how it can change your life than with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautifully poetic quote above comes from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. According to form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-lapse photography and repetition to demonstrate the whole cycle of love, from the beginning to the collapse. Originally filmed in 2004 and paired with this anthology, Faubourg plays Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for her role in the film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man in whom he falls in love. Here the blind leads the blind through the most unstable area, where two people consume each other to the point where their lives almost lose their lives. Because love seems to go from dazzling to dizzy, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks that he can play in our minds and illusions that he can create when we are moving towards doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most turbulent romantic offer comes from Tour Eiffel by Sylvain Chomet. Choosing the most recognizable attraction of the city for his title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells a story about how his parents met and fell in love. His father, mime (Paul Putner), falls into one surreal scenario after another and eventually ends up in prison. At this point, he meets a woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something of a dying art if it is not dead anymore. However, by nature it is dreamy and uninterrupted. Miming points to his silent finger for the ridiculousness of human behavior and what, but love can make people act more absurdly? We can find someone special in the least probable circumstances, if we could just treat ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, HER T'AIME maintains a lifetime, not always focusing on love between lovers. Three unforgettable shorts focus on the love of the parent and child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing with love to her child before leaving him to sing the same song with a longing for the child he watches over his life. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) has Juliette Binoche desperately trying to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche does not say much, so it is not surprising that her enormous talent is visible in her face when she learns that love sometimes means remission. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN MAN) weighs one continuous shot of his father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sara Martins) walking together for the first time in a long time. We see them only from the other side of the street and we only approach them, because the distance between the two characters decreases to the place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last shortcut to the screen is Alexander Payne's 14th arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary man and shows us what makes him extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and for less time than she would like, because she has dogs waiting for her at home. He is a simple person with a peaceful life who is in a rich and lush city. In beautifully delivered Americanized French, he thinks about monuments and how he feels there. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy, despite numerous disappointments in life, and when she sits in a city created for lovers, she realizes that she is really happy and loves herself more than she knew. He falls in love and life, even for a moment. <br /> <br /> JE T'AIME, heroes who appear briefly in Paris, are in the romantic center of the universe. Moments that share with each other, whether helping someone after a serious fall or reaching out to another person without touching him or without his knowledge, are moments that give love to his flames and flourish. Outside the city of lovers, it may be easy to miss such moments, but we must remember their importance. It only takes a moment for love to shine through the cloudy sky. You just have to have an open heart to see it. And if one city can be so rich in love, you have to believe that one day it will find its way to your door.
