Paris, HER T'AIME is a wonderful film tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost contradicts the summary and review. Ask a large group of people about their impressions of living in Paris, and the result will be something similar to this movie. The film, associated with every sector or district of the city, explores love in all forms, native people in their Parisian fashions and tourists interacting with the big city. About twenty writers and directors, each of whom has about five minutes of time on screen, include Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, ALfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles , Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant among others, less known. Stories are different from funny, humorous, moving, tragic, banal, delicate. <br /> <br /> In one story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted by a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), spilling his heart in French to a boy who speaks only English. In another separated husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara), they meet in the Latin Quarter to finalize divorce proceedings, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approaches unmarried marriage until the ghost intervenes. abandoned Oscar Wilde. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries confronts the superstition in the subway with his bag of tourist collections, in the Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with Mrs. Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson, until he confesses that he has terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche confronts agonizing about her fantasies and loss of her son in Place des Victoires with the help of the mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier talking about the wrong ideas in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins "play" strange relationship Pigalle, Melchior Beslon playing the young the blind actor Natalie Portman, learning how to see the Faubourg Saint-Denis, the vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is an ex-patriotic drug-extortionist in the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is visiting a tourist voucher desperately trying to speak after the franc a she's been studying for her life a trip in the affectionate 14ème Arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the movie try to connect as many stories as possible, but it only works on superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between many stories, which can make the audience tired because of the lack of time to assimilate the entire action. But in the end, it is a richly detailed tribute to the big city and provides the viewer with many vignettes that can be re-visited like an album from Paris. It's a movie that's worth seeing many times! Grady Harp
