I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this interesting exercise in making movies. I am always intrigued to receive opinions and opinions of another generation about films, especially since I am such a cynic. It's good to get an intact opinion from someone who has not yet reached the "you were there, did it" approach to every movie he sees. It's nice to say that we both enjoyed it and thought it was a successful meeting between mother and daughter. Far, much better than seeing some dead brain "chick" that I think is what we should enjoy, according to demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to prepare a short passage about every district in Paris, a city I have not visited for 20 years. But I would like to have. He combines them loosely, combining shots and representing different approaches to love in the city, considered in popular culture as the quintessence of the romantic capital of the world. Some films work better than others, but, as other reviewers have said, they never go too far into kitsch. Some are fun, some are sad, some are intriguing and others are simply mysterious (I'm still trying to discover the deep inner truth in the "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" hairdressing salon). Some are just fun and maybe they should not be too important ( for example, a vampire and a tourist). Probably my only criticism of the whole film is that it makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, foggy, indifferent and unhappy, and in the summer, baked hot and full of so many tourists that you feel like sardine in a tin lined up for hours to see every attraction. But I have no choice. <br /> <br /> My favorite, so far, was the film Coen brothers filmed at the Tuileries subway station, which featured a well-staffed Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist who accidentally found himself in the tiffie lovers. Absolutely perfect and very, very funny, without Buscemi, who has to say the word. I also liked the work of two mime artists, which was probably the closest to the movie, which was certainly kitschy - it certainly balanced on the edge of kitsch, but it just stayed on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer, gaining insight into the meeting with the tomb of Oscar Wilde, left me quite indifferent, and Juliette Binoche trying to cope with the death of her little son made me very uncomfortable. I thought that both Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell a little flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did she warn the market in junkies?) I watched Sherry Baby last week.) <br /> <br /> I felt that two parts of "social justice" (for lack of a better way to do this) work very well. I mean mainly the movie about a young mother who leaves her child during the day to look after someone else's baby in the city. And then a film about an African migrant, struggling to exist on the margins of an indifferent society, which is stabbed and dies on the street in front of a young, new paramedic. Another statistic of murders in a world where thousands of migrants die each year in the fight for what they see as a better life. I thought both songs were very well watched. <br /> <br /> The last film, the 14th district in which Margo Martindale plays a postal worker from Colorado, telling the story of his first trip to Paris? in very badly accented French ?? to the class of the French night school, she moved me. Excellent ending, good, intriguing, if not a great movie. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works quite well.
