... for Paris is a moving feast. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> You can not count how many great talents have immortalized Paris in pictures, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes and so - Famous director Max Ophüls said about Paris <br /> <br /> "He offered shiny wet boulevards under lanterns, breakfast on Montmartre with cognac in a glass, coffee and summer brioche, gigolos and prostitutes in the night. Everyone in the world has two homelands: his and Paris. <br /> <br /> Paris always is associated with love and romance, and "Paris, Je T'Aime" with the subtitles "Petite romances" is a collection of short films, often sketches from 18 talented directors from around the world, in each of them we get to know one of the 20 districts of City of Light and with Parisians of all ages, gender, colors and environments that all love meet in many varieties and stages: in some "small romances" we witness unexpected meetings that lead to immediate interest, closeness and perhaps relationship: as in Podalydès and Florence Muller on Montmartre Street in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïli Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural romance directed by Gurinder Chadha begins on Quais de Seine. In this category I would include the humorous short film by Gus Van Sant. "Le Marais" one boy follows his heart to another boy confessing a sudden unexpected closeness, asking for permission to phone - never realizing that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some vignettes are moving and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas "Loin du 16ème" Catalina Sandino Mareno (an amazing Oscar-nominated for Maria full of grace) is a single working-class mother who must work as a nanny in a rich neighborhood to pay for day care in which she falls child every morning before he goes to work. One of the most memorable and truly moving films is Oliver Schmitz's "Place des Fêtes". Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-create two young people for whom love could have happened. These were promises, but they were stopped because of hatred and intolerance that are everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another one that really got to me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto lost his love with his wife Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with a beautiful mistress, a devastating message comes from his wife's doctor ... <br /> <br /> I can continue to think about all 18 little gems. I really like some of them. The others felt weak and may soon be forgotten, but overall I'm happy that I bought a DVD and I know that I will come back to my favorite movies repeatedly. These are the "Place des Fêtes", which I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven, with the participation of the spirit of one of the wisest and wisest people in history, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Beyond") who will save one difficult relationship. Payne also directed "14. a neighborhood in which a lonely middle-aged employee from Denver CO studies the city itself, delivering a voice in French with a heavy accent. Payne's entry is one of the most moving and along with the funny "Tuileries" Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on benches (Margo in the park, and Steve in the Paris metro after visiting Louvers) watching the surrounding life with different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and light, my sadness is clear ..." Steve's character will convince you that sometimes even the most versatile and useful travel guide will not help tourists avoid doing bad things in a foreign country.
