I just saw it tonight at a seminar on digital projection (filmed at 35 mm, and the first feature film scanned at 6k in 4k, and designed with a 2k projector at the ETC / USC theater in Hwd) ... so much about technology. 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, from several good French / international directors) received 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally funny ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... so good ... and she actually wrote the song she was in, Msr Depardieu and many good international actors that differ from all romances to bizarre comedy, from the moving study of Alex Payne about a woman discovering Van Sant and one of those things that happen everywhere ... introducing the French language for the most part sequence (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real English knowledge, which will probably result in moving it to the houses of art (a la Diva.) Also only one song that can be considered as "experimental", but colorful and fun, the rest is a simple study sometimes complex relationships, everything is easy to follow (unless "experimental" irritates your thirst I have some emotions for me ... I admit that I am afflicted with love in the cinema ... when it is presented in something other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a piece of pantomime like no other I saw (thank you for that!). The film reached its peak, for me, somewhere just over half, the last two sequences rose again. Beautiful pictures of Paris at night, lush romantic music, usually used for a good effect, not just a sound to "emotions" in the sound, generally good cinematography, although some of the pictures seemed soft when they could not be (main character in shot / scene) . The stimulation of each film was good, and the overall structure, though a bit long (they skipped two of the 20 films, but said everything would be on a DVD) seemed to vary between the tones of the movies to maintain a good balance. I do not know when it will happen, but a good study of how to do a 5-minute film work ... and sometimes what does not work (if it involves too much time, emotionally, for a short movie). It should be in the region one after release, but they did not know when.
