I was lucky enough to participate in a show in Stockholm for this elegantly expressed, pleasant and thought-provoking film. With romance as the toughest weapon in his arsenal, Paris je t'aime boldly plunges in love in Paris, navigating through various forms in eighteen separate "quarters", but without the Parisiennes and saccharin puffs. His gold mine is undoubtedly due to the frustration of some directors? frustration because only 5-10 minutes of time on the screen? in this way you only get the best and most reliable direction from each side. <br /> <br /> Considering whether I should review all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would simply be unnecessary and long-lasting. Instead, just be sure that every director praises the film with their eccentric styles and skills, and you will definitely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation of being introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the better contributions, even sneaking in the well-placed reference of Kurt Cobain. The Coen brothers play one of the more accessible segments in Paris, a scene with pent-up but emotionally transparent Stevie Buscemi, mortal humor and clever camera angles, which certainly caused the biggest laugh in my theater, or maybe rightly. <br /> <br /> In this way, all plot lines are exceptionally unique? filtered by the minds of various directors? but the one that is the most different from the rest is QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE Vincenzo Natali, a dark horror-Gothic love with Elijah Wood as a lost tourist in the night corners of Paris who meets vampires. With the black and white format, but in contrast with the blood-red color, which does not seem to fit the screen, it becomes almost a pastiche of Sin City? refreshing the amazing and visual turn in a fairly grounded movie. <br /> <br /> However, my favorite segment was Tom Tykwer's FAINTING SAINT-DENIS, but I think I was conditioned to think so, considering that I went to the theater with him as my favorite and stung my friend in the side saying " after all, it's my favorite director. " Nevertheless, it can not be denied that Tykwer offers a beautiful segment in which a blind boy answers the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - though he does not bother him once) that he breaks up with him and he wonders about their relationship. Like Tywker's style, the story is stunningly fast, kinetic and repetitive, screaming and running (Lola Rennt), making it the most pumping adrenaline segment in Paris and probably the most moving when Tywker starts wielding its most powerful tool? music. <br /> <br /> To fill a negative bill, apparently not all executives cope as touch as Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scrapes the bottom of the pile, sculpting a truly one-off segment in which the little boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two lonely mimes. This part is so French and desperately strange that it offends international viewers. Suwa also manages a poor and fluffy segment with an extremely gaunt Juliette Binoche, who mourns the loss of his son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the ending and intertwining of 18 stories eventually seems a bit hasty and unconvinced. <br /> <br /> However, Paris je t'aime really spoils you with quality, because all other stories are good - made with clear action and funny writing. This is certainly one of the most important events in 2006 (I guess it does not say much) and a very personal movie in the sense that you can not avoid choosing your favorite and least favorite. I highly recommend both to the mainstream of "pretentious" (heh) recipients. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
