Although Cameron Grant was clearly employed to replace Andrew Blake at Ultimate Pictures, when he started his own company (Studio A), he practically overtook the "Master" right after entering the stage when it came to creating steamy sex scenes. Thus, while the entire dressing on the windows that Blake was a pioneer (starlets in fetish underwear and sunglasses, combed and made up as if they were going to the paddock) remained very present and settled, Grant added his own spin to bodily content. By doing so, he raised heat to the level that had escaped the Great A since his first ?? and preferably IMHO? NIGHT TOURS. The majestic effort of Cam, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, could still be handicapped by the excessively slavish attachment to Blake's aesthetics (with the excess of girl on the grope girl), but his later DINNER PARTY already shows him at the top of his form in what he must surely include to his masterpieces. <br /> <br /> The title defines the premise as a group of good friends and acquaintances to gather at dinner to change sexy stories with an extended orgy at the end. Delicious Julia Ashton and Tammy Parks spread dishes with a flawless silhouette in the sequence of the kitchen, which will surely delight those who want to combine the pleasures of the palette with the pleasures of the body. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") was rarely more than a reliable secondary addition, adding piquancy to a few noirs in the chance basement of Ona Zee, and at the same time it looks absolutely stunning in a romantic plaything with a poster from Fabio looking like Vince Voyeur. Beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, doing with Mark Davis (for the recording, the latter two were the subject at the time) under the waterfall, complete the candy section in the eye. <br /> <br /> Time to cook! Early Jenna Jameson (then "Daisy") announces the greatness that comes when he sucks Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" during his later change to the gay industry) all the important juices, though with a little help Diva brunette for effective contrast, stylish, industrial surroundings of the stage providing a moody background of full heel sex. Extremely hunky construction worker, Gerry Pike, tries to cool down on a hot summer day, dropping down. Perspective too tempting for the real business woman "Asia" Carrera (for all her time the most painful). The best show must be an ingenious sequence that has nasty Norma Jeane and handsome Sean Michaels teasing trousers? for beginners ! ?? while separated by a glass partition, up to a predictable, splashing conclusion. <br /> <br /> In the case of sex that turns out to be either artificial or hot, and more often than both, the Grant came up with a real smörgåsbord of fleshy products to continue the gastronomic movie analogy suggests the title. Couples may be the primary target group, but the change between the naughty "n" nice should rightly contain the recipe "something for everything", which many adult functions aim at. In the role of his own DoP, the director draws attention to details, like the capture of the virgin white shoes of Asia Carrera, which are covered with mud, enriching his vision. This means that he is a great filmmaker, not just a serviceable one, as was the case with Nick Steele, who performed to take his place in Ultimate ?? effectively making him a deputy? ?? when he packed himself into greener pastures.
