Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I liked the films that are usually despised: "Quintet", if only to give me the pleasure of seeing an adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as a little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH", for the fact that Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for this wonderful and surreal world, Olive Oyl Shelley Duvall and great locations in Malta; "O. C & Stiggs ", for the offer of anti-" piercing teenagers "; "Beyond Therapy", despite all the madness and presence of Genèvieve Page, which for its entire effort to look like Paris is taken as a travesty ... I even liked his television films with one act, such as "The Dumb Waiter" and " The Laundromat. " When there are not many stories in his films, you have great performances from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger and Jane Curtin. I see and enjoy a different approach and description that makes of many different cultures of the United States. It is a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated and that he always forgets about the time of giving away American awards and prizes. It is not a typical mainstream fantasy provider. He is more an individualist. It is not surprising then that I found so many bad comments published here about "The Gingerbread Man", its most "mainstream" current and to my knowledge. I did not know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin who does not like Altman at all. In this case, you may not like "The Gingerbread Man", but for me the reason has more to do with Grisham than with the director-screenwriter. Some Altman trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, great performances, funny lawyers' office with a typical laid back receptionist and secretary. While some find it boring, the first act was fascinating, also thanks to great photos by Changwei Gu, the man who made "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". He has a way of showing us the same as we see in other American films, but under a different light. Through his "foreigner's look" almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get old. You can get in trouble if you fall in love with someone younger and more beautiful like Embeth Davidtz. I know with my own eyes what I made fascinated by someone younger than me! Then you have the repelling, formidable and mysterious figure of Robert Duvall, while Geraldo's storm threatens Savannah. The second act becomes a bit fake and even funny because Altman could carry it with a smile. I remember laughing aloud in a few cases with his ironic remarks. I think he used a little bit of Brecht, distancing us, preparing us for the third act, which is an ordinary Hollywood pastiche. Altman does it with knowledge. Being a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately, he did not fall into the traps of today's action movies. He directed the story of lust, greed and death. I was not disappointed with the movie. If I give him nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader turned him into a bestselling author. So why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us stitches in his stories, nausea, flatness and stupidity of everyone. However, he does so with such enthusiasm and humor that I can not disagree with the negative comments. For me these people saw a different movie ... And vice versa.
