Robert Altman should not make such a movie, but the fact that he did it - and it turns out that this is a fairly good and badly wounded thriller in this soft setting of Grisham thrill - shows the versatility that is commendable. In Gingerbread Man, he really has to work with something that unfortunately is not always successful, or at least he is not the first thing on his checklist as a director: the plot. It's one of those big, lush stories about a cauldron in which a mad lawyer gets caught by a desperate woman from a lower class, and then a wicked figure with which a woman is tied in, comes to life in the most amazing way, comes to action twists, yada yada. And it is surprising that Altman would really like to take one of them: "I saw that he came from that place!" Tip, or just such a half-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But this is a surprise that pays off, because, oddly enough, Altman is able to catch some of these very good behaviors, or rather he is inadvertently able to get him out of a very well-staffed band, a small Georgian environment . The film drips with its atmosphere (if not totally superlative, sometimes it's good, sometimes just decent for Altman), because Savannah will probably be hit by a big hurricane, and the swamp, swamp and rain will keep things wet and damp. So the atmosphere is very strong, but the same as (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh performances, Embeth Davitz as a "woman" with which Branaugh's lawyer is caught up, and Robert Downey Jr. (when he is * not * good?) As a private investigator at work Branaugh. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who, in just five minutes of his time, makes such a lasting impression on the screen that he hung a bad mood in the picture? <br /> <br /> As has been said, part of the plot is a bit weak or just standard (the lawyer is divorced, bitter arrests, innocent and stupid children), but at the same time I think that Altman saw something captivating in the material, something darker than some of Grisham's other works that somehow distinguish it. If it's not completely masterful, it still works on limited conditions, like what's going to happen - another secret-Southern-noir.
