Steven Spielberg wanted to win the Oscar so badly that he decided he would not win by directing the epic of special effects (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Raiders of the Lost Ark" "ET: The Extra-Terrestrial", so he decided to become very serious, directing "The Color Purple", an epoch with no special effects, Spielberg's first serious drama is an extraordinary film, he still did not respect Spielberg. "Violet" received 11 Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unjustly rejected when he was not nominated for the best director award, one Oscar, he was completely closed, it was not right. "Violet" should win several Oscars, including one for the spectacular film debut Whoopi Goldberg as Celie, a woman who suffers from the hands of an aggressive husband (terrified by Danny Glover), and then s tronger throughout the film thanks to the special Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and gives a great performance as Sofia, one of Celie's friends. Since I'm from Chicago, I've known Winfrey from her talk show (which was not available throughout the country at the time of the release). Like Goldberg, what a film debut! Margaret Avery is great as Shug Avery, another friend who is also the lover of rotten husband Celie. All three actresses received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Set in the south in the first half of the twentieth century, "Violet Color" is a film so strong that at the end I cried. It also sometimes made me laugh. Why the Academy voters did not want to nominate Spielberg as the best director, this is a puzzle that still puzzles me. But Spielberg would win two Oscars two years later for "Schindler's List" and "Private Ryan", making him one of the best directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The task he did was to make hits with special effects, such as "E.T." for a serious drama, such as "Violet Color" was unusual. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
