At Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inconsistent filmmakers of all time. But this is common knowledge; I think that his main problem is a wide range of genres that he covers, while not developing any style he could call the author. Hitchcock liked his tension and horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese likes stories about crime-driven mafia among others, and Spielberg likes big movies with big budgets and adventures that combine enough violence for adults and fun for kids. Other more obscure examples are Kubrick and Welles, who wrote too much here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the type of guy who makes the defective movie revolve around a great idea or a really nice movie revolving around a seemingly boring premise. Falling Down had a great idea, but I thought it was flawed and anti-climatic, because too many scenes seem to be based on comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero movies have been big hits lately, so if he managed to create not one, but two scary movies about superheroes, he is beyond me. Then 8MM comes; a film with a basic premise that is made impressively before Tigerland, which in my opinion is Schumacher's best film from what I have seen so far. With a war genre, laughter is not something that you can associate with most of the time. I remember mocking the absurdity of D-Day's landings at Saving Private Ryan: at the time I saw the movie for the first time, I did not have much knowledge of the bar from World War II when it started and ended. My eyebrows were raised, mouth slightly open with a weak "I can not believe they smile" on my face. Needless to say, because of this movie I was looking for some more information about this event and the war as a whole. In Tigerland you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war by Bozz (Farrell), a difficult and egotistical training of a soldier for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what is clever is that there is no jaw for war, death and destruction; only one man and his fight with the system most of the time. The things he says, and the boldness with which he deals with his situation, resembles a school kid closing a series of teachers in a very rough boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is training for the Vietnam War, but I think that the ego and superegos play a bigger role here. Superegos, or drill sergeants, fight against Bozz, whose ego is extremely large. The third part of Freud's triangle sneaks into Bozz: ID. Compared to all other soldiers who have a fairly large ego, Bozz is the only one who is brave enough to show him before the sergeants, suggesting that he lets things that he should not do float to the surface and express himself: " You in this situation all died! the sergeant is barking. "Any questions?" "Yes, if I die, how can I ask a question?" Answers Bozz, whose penalties, such as pushups and dirt eating, seem to dispel him in true ID style; I mean, I enjoy punishment. <br /> <br /> Also in relation to superegos, at some point Bozz tries to lead a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the current team captain can not do, which suggests that he lacks both the superego required to work and the confidence that he will tell Bozz that he is responsible. Below is the actual conversation between Bozz and the existing drill sergeant who gives him his Christian name. Here comes the figure of Private Wilson (Whigham): his uncontrolled rage and anger at Bozz explodes at some point, culminating in the only real shooting scenes that take the form of training in the river. Wilson can not control his impulses and aversion to Bozz and works. <br /> <br /> What I liked about Tigerland is that it is brave. Though he lacks innovation, it seems that Tigerland uses lower grade films or smaller cameras to get a better look. Do not make the mistake that it could be a nice movie look with lots of colors and attractiveness. But in the final piece, we get a documentary approach, thanks to which everything looks as if it was shot on a typical everyday television set; the pressure on the hand held is also visible, but Schumacher is clever: he never allows the film to be too similar to the mockumentry, and at the same time suggests that the film's budget could be half as large. It is worth mentioning here that Spielberg said he would like Saving Private Ryan to look like real drum material or something like that and if it was recorded from war scenes. <br /> <br /> Being very funny and funny, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tick; not necessarily in a war, but in the next possible substitution. His examination of one man and how much he hates a system that he can not even take seriously is fascinating, as is the drive of every soldier. There are several unforgettable scenes and situations culminating in a happy, if not unhappy ending that will open your mind and make you think about what can really be in the military.
