Bodacious's journey of Will and Ted is an existential journey through the topics of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's pursuit of fame and his fears of the body defeated by a soulless machine. It is the most intelligent fictitious work since the Lost Paradise and refers to many wonderful old works of art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, and Shakespeare. This time, the guys are a famous rock band who traveled through time, collecting icons from the past - Napolana, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped a couple of princesses and finally learned to play the guitars and write hit songs. These songs teach the world to love again, and war, hunger and evil have been destroyed for eternity. We scroll to the distant future, where a bad dictator who despises good music Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (a cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the power to send two cyborgs over time. Cyborgs are living tissue over a metal exoskeleton and covered with a mimetic alloy, thanks to which they can survive the turbulence of time travel and can imitate everything they try, through physical contact. Their job is to kill good Biff and Fred and take their lives, creating terrible music that no one likes. In this way, they will change the world forever - the music of Gryll and Jed will never be created, leaving the world of war, hunger and hatred, and more annoyingly, nondescript pop / group of boys / girls. There is a surprising turn, because good guys are killed and they have to work out a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the bad Dopplebangers inhabiting their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of both youth culture and real culture by combining contemporary music and phrases with post-modern sets and artistic references, and tries to teach us everything, delving into our psyche to show us yourself. It depicts nightmares that met teenagers in the late 1980s in the society that abandoned them, and calls us to analyze structuralist chauvinism, self-love and malaise of those times. Imposing on us the belief that we can really change the world is an inspirational message, but to achieve such dreams, we have to traverse and actually face our nightmares. Overcoming this to succeed, overcoming death is the first step to real life, not just survival. According to Kenneth Reeves, "Wow!" The best scene: for fun - check how many songs, bands and albums include references that can be seen throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
