This is the first American film that successfully adopts the naturalistic style used by Europeans, especially the French and Belgians, for at least a decade and is it not time? Following three high-school girls from Brooklyn in the Crown Heights district during the last days of the summer break between the first and the second year, she does what good art should do: she discovers universality in this particular. Although the preoccupation of girls is seemingly conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - we see how their whole life is shaped, the universal interface between character and destiny. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is whole, complete. The film breathes, stays in the moment, lives in real time. This story speaks for itself. For the first time, the medium and its artifacts are not news. The film invariably, truthfully, reflects the children's perspective of the heroes; it does not impose its own meanings or adult habits. Details emerge from themselves, they are never pushed, and thus they seem more real and powerful for their understatement. Although great efforts have been made to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of the largest black ghetto in New York and one of the most dangerous places in the US, the topic is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto. <br /> <br /> Documentary recordings from the session marching band, Jackie Robinson Steppers, regularly interpret the film with an explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise the camera remains very close, very intimate, patient, cunning and discreet. The language is rich, spontaneous, acting transparent. Some distinctive scenes, such as girls who spin themselves, each of which reveals his deepest fantasies. Lanishi's confession that she agreed to die by accidental violence is the most shocking one of the deepest scars of the ghetto. Her sharing with her mother in her confusion and fear of the harsh challenges of adult life is equally moving and beautifully, unbelievably affirmative. <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected, not propagated: All three girls are brought up by one mother, only one, Lanish, has an active father in her life (and not accidentally the three are the most emotionally stable and empathic for others, and the one with the greatest respect for himself). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disproportionate disease in the city center. Gunfire, accepted daily event, only temporarily interrupts their conversation. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hope, feels that he has control over the future, while the other two have already accepted despair to varying degrees. <br /> <br /> It's definitely the best dramatic American movie I've seen for years. See it, see, see.
