I return to the times when I kept my boyfriends hat to sniff it into existence in my lonely time when I was 16 years old. The small moments of this film are so accurate and consistent with what is happening in the minds and hearts of young girls in adolescence. Now, at my age, I want to tell them about their decisions and how life in those days is not as important as everything seems at these times. That if they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience the hardships of life both external and internal, life will be much sweeter. On the other hand, on the other hand, young people face variables that I have never encountered in my youth. <br /> <br /> The three main characters well played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanish, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us a very credible representation of reality for young girls living in impoverished situations. They have impoverished family life brought up by single mothers waiting for Lanish, whose father is present, but does not actively support her every day. Impoverished educational systems and have no direct contact with achieving role models. These situations strongly affect them and are their reality, but all this is not a great depression for these young women in their daily lives. In addition to the difficult situation and focus on the same things that young girls around the world deal with. Finding true love for a man, having good friends you can rely on, gaining respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoying life. It is this film that has crossed the gap between race, age and sex imposed on him by his characters and the environment in which he is stamped. <br /> <br /> Director and writer McKay explains on DVD how each of the scenes came to his head, just watching the young people of this age who lived in these districts. In addition, there are three new and upcoming actresses who are not so far away in their lives that you will achieve a real synergy of reality and action at its best. One thing I know about (African Americans and Latinos) is that there is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in the foreground or near the earth, believing in a better day and a better life and future despite the current situation and is the role modeling of this to a certain degree. It has never been mentioned in the film, not to preach and understand it, but also to narrow the culture, to have no hope in anything other than themselves. <br /> <br /> FACTOR OF HOPE: Now I am thinking about my future and where I come from and say as Lanisha said: "Today is a good day." Yes, there is still poverty, racism, sexism and all other phenomena that we can add. Yes, some of these actions of young girls perpetuate the isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but NO of these past actions, nor their presence, nor their surroundings leave them without hope for a bright future. I stayed with the sad hope of each character and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of a young girl on the brink of making a destructive decision. I suppose that this is the value of a film that should not only entertain, but also cause that everyone thinks, wonders, and then acts in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
