"One day we will go to the rays of a beautiful sun. One day, when the world will be much brighter "- 5 steps" Ooh dziecko "<br /> <br /> Films about black teenagers usually include the city center of gangs dealing with drugs or committing violence on the soundtrack of hip-hop. It's hard to find movies about the everyday problems of ordinary teenagers from downtown, but there is an undiscovered gem that I would like to recommend. Our song, Jim McKay, talks about three girls from the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn who find out that their high school will be closed due to the removal of asbestos and must decide on their future direction, which may include separate routes. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old, and not from an adult who mentions the past, as in most films about the coming century. Avoiding the obligatory street slang and excessive use of the F words, he provides an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in their lives. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at a local high school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a true marching group whose rehearsals for the Labor Day parade provide discipline and purpose in their lives. <br /> <br /> As with George Washington's David Gordon Green, but less stylized, the movie presents unprofessional black and latin actors who are distinguished by Kerry Washington. While performances have some amateur moments, I became so involved in history that I forgot that the girls are even playing. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned that Terrell, a local student, was pregnant. He wants to have a child despite the fact that he is only 15 and knows that Terrell probably will not help. Joycelyn works in a luxury clothing store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very thrilling scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans and then puts down in bed to recite one of her poems. At the beginning it is close to Lanishi and Maria, but it flows away to make friends outside of the neighborhood. None of the girls receives support at home, and Maria is afraid to even tell her mother about her child. However, single mothers are not typical unhappy movies or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time with children is limited due to the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she can visit her father, a porter in a luxury apartment building and talk about music. Her mother is comforting when Lanisha finds out that a friend from a neighborhood has committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic feature in another realistic movie. When the summer ends, the girls move away and everyone decides to take a different course. There are, however, no great dramatic moments, only a sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Although we do not have blindness to the frustrations that can wait for them, we identify with their hopes and dreams, without thinking about the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growing up in projects that do not want to see life in a different environment than the opportunity.
