When you start to watch this masterpiece of animation, you will quickly notice that it is European production. Although Europeans (unfortunately) have integrated some stereotypes that are normally found in American production of this type, most of them are lacking. One of them is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can overcome. Another is that one of the groups is only in the interests of money, is greedy, runs away when the heat ends, but somehow succumbs to its better nature. This movie would be better without both. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a television series that appeared four years before the film. Unlike a movie, the TV series is an animation, not a computer animation. At first, I thought that the computer would kill the charm and character of the story, but I was convinced that whoever did it knew what kind of animation it was! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (they do not even look real in the frames), they seem as vivid and feeling as the audience following their search. Creating characters that can be considered deformed by "normal" standards (these micro-legs can never carry this huge body, let alone jump), so vivid and loved is more than "just a distinction"! Creating the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its appearance, but because of its ingenuity. The world in which our heroes travel is not as solid as ours, but consists of many pieces of earth of various shapes and sizes that seem to float in the air. When a person enters a smaller piece of land, he nods, as if from feathers. In some cases, it no longer applies up and down, but our heroes manage to get a foothold somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this movie it is absolutely reliable and after a short time does not seem more strange than falling into a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I have written this look of the world is not as breathtaking as the idea. In my opinion, as true as the quality of the world, the characters and attention to detail are staggering. Although character faces have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as in the face of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the heroes is wonderfully colorful and there are no two identical settings. The background is always in motion, something is always happening that makes the world seem even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be surprised at how much detail you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence of Hector actually puts the cherries at the top. Hector is a furry little "thing" (probably the equivalent of a dog in our world), which is completely loved and extremely funny. Although not as important to the main story, it would be omitted, just as Scrat would have been in the ice age. The really cool thing about Hector is that you have to talk gibberish to understand it. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so great, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was quite thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, it is not really original. That alone would not be a big problem. I lacked basic information. What dragon was it and why did it look like that? I love mythical stories, but if they get too thin, they seem to be written after the end of the movie in a weak attempt to deepen the whole matter. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was Zoé. Although such a little girl could be considered charming, in this movie she was a little painful. She seemed quite resistant to any kind of learning about reality, she dreamed of a hero from a story book, and essentially slowed others down. She would be fine if she developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or less girly to get started. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to turn history a bit the reverse on writers. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a really good movie for almost all ages.
