My first impression would be Beowulf only with all the good elements of fighting with Grendel and untouched dragons, which makes it one thrill from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwaka, they both created a fantastic landscape that has become a figure in itself in their history, with its ever-changing environment composed of small land spheres hovering around, which can either be wastelands or globes of green. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, telling about the land that is cradling in anticipation of the unwelcome visit of a powerful dragon to plunder and destroy, and the knights-residents have been destroyed. Enter the royal granddaughter Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge brutal with a huge strength, but a truly gentle giant, and his partner Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit) who balances the partnership with his clever brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their favorite who too proudly releases fire) have a common dream of owning farmland and spending idyllic days on farm animals in retirement, but for this purpose there is a requirement to be financially free, hence their career in extermination monsters that is not worth it. <br /> <br /> It's basically her whole being, but what makes this movie a spectacle is a solid CG graphic rich, detailed and amazing miracle. He has several beautifully executed sets of actions that have been carefully designed to get you deeper into the action, and there is no boring moment during these sequences. Photorealistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you put aside the fantasy of beliefs and it is easy to admire the landscape that goes beyond the mere three suns and kaleidoscope of flying things (here is George!) And I could not try for the final battle, though the usual brick bats will find some mistake in the indestructibility of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this movie has opened my eyes there are many other computer-animated companies around the world that have quality in their product in line with Pixar quality. And this is definitely a movie that the local Zodiac filmmakers: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea can learn? to make the story simple and let the moving works of art talk. I strongly recommend it!
