At first I would think that Secret Sunshine has something critical to say about religion (and here it is Christianity) and wondered if it would be a kind of insult against the blight of blind faith or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly more holy than you. Surprisingly, it was not a kind and was largely unappreciative, actually introducing events and allowing the public to draw their own judgments and conclusions. <br /> <br /> And I can not help but giggle as Song Kang-ho, a man who likes the widower Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon) and starts going to church when he does. The reasons for going to church are, I suppose, many to find inner peace, seek help, fear eternal condemnation in hellfire, confirm faith, and even things such as the desire to marry in church or skirt to chase (I'm not joking). But for each of his own reasons, for which he appears in the church every Sunday and participates in prayer groups for the community, which is really dangerous, it is when the hidden hidden motives are not satisfied, and then there is frustration. a hypocritical man can be depicting one face in God's house and exposing one more to the outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and her son Jun are moving to the city of Miryang, which is the birthplace of her deceased husband. Wanting to start a new life, he opens a piano shop to give lessons, although discovering his new discovered freedom and the moment when lack of good judgment will be met by another tragedy. And it takes an hour. Secret Sunshine really took his time to get to the point where things start to be a bit more interesting when Shin-ae now accepts religion to deal with and accept its current state, enjoying the comfort of religion and its believers, can offer. <br /> <br /> What began with the cry of compassion turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers this silver ball to solve the problems of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if it's because of your personal short-sightedness the view that the almighty does for you, that you start to take a somewhat egoistic opinion that everything is going well, and in the case of Shin-ae, her generous attitude, wanting to forgive others who have committed against her, forgetting something very basic, this feeling can also cut round-trip. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of what is saying a lot, where most of us can identify - why me and why not someone else, how we rage against our faith and, unfortunately, start asking questions without hard and quick answers. That's when we either fall aside or continue destructive deeds so rebellious. But somehow the plug is carefully pulled into Secret Sunshine, so as not to offend, and what could have been an ugly mouthpiece of the character was silenced. <br /> <br /> If you bite the noise generated by this movie, you may realize that it is worth mentioning only Jeong Doonon's excellent performance, as she is completely a widow of Shin-ae, who is probably the most unhappy person on Earth, dealing with many tragedies in a short period of time and if you look at it carefully, most of them are her own work. Watching her transformation is worth the price of the ticket, and despite the fact that in the film is my favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho, it is something that just went through.
