The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) are the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, as Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a young son whose husband died in a tragic accident and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, which was his hometown with her young son. The face of Jeon is very changeable. She is girlish, flirtatious, elegant, elderly and sad, desperate and cheerful, with her and terribly isolated alternately, and all this on her face. The film also features Song Kang-ho as Kim, the man who meets her when her car breaks down in Miryang, which happens to run a garage in the city, and then follows her all the time, despite the apparent lack of interest in his comments. Song is currently the biggest star in Korea, known for working with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance; Memories of Murder and The Host). And yet here a character is thrown, an almost forgotten man. But of course it makes him interesting and interesting. It is a necessary ballast to stop the character of Jeon from sailing away. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. He comes to a new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of Seoul, a poor man, a city "just like anywhere else," as Kim says (just like he is like any other). Her little boy is lively, as are the little boys, but sometimes also very damaged and withdrawn. His father was snoring, and when he misses him, he lies awake, pretending to snore. He goes to school, and Shin-ae meets parents, students and shopkeepers. There is a place in the film, although the place is in a sense "everywhere." People speak the local dialect and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Seoul Shin-ae is immediately noticed. Is life here really harsh, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae does not seem to be aware of the danger he is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible is happening. And Shin-ae does not necessarily handle this in the best possible way. But this is happening and must suffer the consequences. But she can not. She goes to pieces. The perpetrator is caught, but it is not consolation. In the end, she becomes so distraught, gives in and goes to a reborn Christian meeting, and a friend pushes her to take part. Thanks to this, he finds peace and release. But when he decides not only to forgive the perpetrator, but to go to prison to tell him, the experience is full of irony and destroys it anew. She becomes bitter and desperate and finds no comfort in religion. And it's even worse. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives her everything in this extremely demanding and Protean role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If the actor Song Kang-ho expresses great admiration for him, it is convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, the first three films of Lee, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002), described him as "one of the leading figures of the recent film renaissance in his country." But this is not a successful movie like the other Korean directors I've seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho and the wonderfully, almost perversely talented Chan-wook Park. It can really start when Foundas says that the kind of "Asian Alice is dead here" and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "something like a thriller, and after some time in an almost Bresso study of human suffering. "But this progress does not just seem accidental and indigestible; the film collapses and loses momentum towards the end, and then it just expires, meaningless ending. There are also weaknesses in the action. Shin-ae takes an unwise chance with his son and makes bad choices all the time. If it is intended for madness, such as Betty in Betty Blue by Jean-Jacques Beineix, which may explain her strange and wrong choices, this is not properly elaborated. This is an interesting movie, certainly disturbing, but leaving no doubt and dissatisfaction after passing through an emotional writer. <br /> <br /> The official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at the Lincoln Center, 2007 - an event well done by Korean filmmakers in the recent past.
