Corean cinema can be quite surprising for a random audience due to the multiplicity of tones and genres that can be found in the same movie. In the Coreen drama, such as "Secret Sunshine", you'll also find a few comic parts, thriller scenes and romantic times. "In life, not only tragedy, but also a tragic comedy," says a character interpreted by Song Kang-ho at a certain point in the film, summarizing the mixture of the image. But do not get me wrong, the diversity of genres the film deals with adds the truth of the rich movie experience that the viewer offers. This does not mean that he lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a thick and deep portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who is looking for a peaceful life with her son in the home town of her deceased husband, really, thanks to the various faces of suffering through which he passes, the unity of this film. Its realistic part is erased by psychological descriptions of all phases through which the poor mother passes. Denial, confusion, anger, faith, sense of reality: the film refutes all the steps that the character passes, and looks like a psychological catalog of all phases of suffering that a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what may look like a conceptual experience (a woman wears a mask of tragedy, a man represents comic interludes) and allows the film's artifacts to touch you. I must say that some parts of the film really moved me (especially at the beginning), especially those concerning Chang Joan's inability to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally tired me at the end. Nevertheless, some cinematographic ideas are truly breathtaking and surprising (a scene in which the body is discovered in a large perspective is, for example, amazing). This kind of scenes makes "Secret Sunshine" a melodic equivalent of "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of murder" for thrillers. These films are indeed surprising, the most original, unbelievable in terms of aesthetics and can give a different dimension to the genres with which they are dealing. The only thing that the "Secret Sunshine" forgets, because the "host" forgot to be frightening, is the audience crying: a bad spot for the melodrama, but a good point for a good movie.
