Secret Sunshine means the return of director Lee Changdong to the film world after many years of absence. With three critically acclaimed films under his guidance, he is currently recruiting veteran Jerzy Doyeon and her significant (won in Cannes) talents for the starring role of Lee Shinae. Below is a journey through the tragedy of one woman and the exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that become visible when watching Secret Sunshine is that they do not really care about following a particular genre, but rather choose the characteristics of the genre if necessary to convey it, what he is trying to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae, who moves with her son to the city of Milyang (whom Sino-Corean translates into Secret Sunshine). After her husband's death, she moved to Milyang because it was his hometown, so the film is born of tragedy. And you think that everything can get better when he opens the piano shop and encounters some inept mechanic-guy Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> When we (and Jongchan, stubbornly) follow Shinae, when she encounters Milyang and the fate that awaits her, the cracks in her armor quickly become visible. She is a worried woman who is trying to capture her own strength to overcome tragedy and see how she discovers that this is not enough. Secret Sunshine still manages to follow the Aristotelian dramatic arc, but withdraws from catharsis, which may confuse some viewers, especially the ending, but the innovative symbolism in the name of Milyanga, the discussions about the sun and the images used in the film gave me satisfaction when I started thinking about the movie a little more. <br /> <br /> Mrs. Jeon is quite impressive all the time, especially considering that if the role was less played, she would quickly turn into a rather painful melodrama, but she captures the nuances of Shinye's attempts to cope with her losses delicacy. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but it occurs accordingly, appropriately rendering the scene of Mrs. Jeon. Technically the film is well done in the classic sense. There is no brilliant aesthetics here - the director clearly tries to tell a story. I think that my only real complaint, which may not be redeemable, is that despite all the time spent with Shinae, there is some distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least I). I think that some of them result from the nature of work, because if total empathy has been pushed away, then we would not be able to see the problems that Shinae has objectively. On the other hand, I have never felt moved by the difficult situation of Shinae, despite her many tears and increasingly chaotic behaviors. <br /> <br /> Still, the film still makes an impression, especially since it stimulated me to think about it, further meaning in it and his thoughts on tragedy, coping, self-deception, isolation and faith stuck in me long after the loans are over. Driven by strong lead results, to be honest I did not notice his 2.25-hour working time. And that says something. Good job. 8/10.
