Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at the Cannes Festival in 2007 and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who recently played the widowed Shin-ae, won the Best Actress Award at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film, and Jeon-Do Yeon received the Best Actress award from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this film won the best film awards at virtually all Korean film festivals. Masterfully written and directed, and exceptionally photographed, Secret Sunshine expressed hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of constant tragedy. This film also spoke about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, director and screenwriter of the film, said in an interview: "In a broad sense, I wanted to express what love is, and this film can be a melodrama in a sense. Without love, we can not talk about hope and salvation. " Lee admitted that Secret Sunshine does not have a distinct genre. This film is not a movie about religion, but it drew the attention of many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine is Jun, Shin-son ae is kidnapped and killed. The abductor asks for money because he assumes that if he can buy land, he must be rich. Her lie causes a lot of sadness. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a church person and wants to forgive the murderer. He decides to visit his son's murderer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, a friend of Shin-ae, says: "Just forgive in your heart. Do you have to go to prison? "Her church companions cheer her up and say that they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do. It is a sad moment because it is too early to be able to take action. The result of meeting the murderer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that God has already forgiven him. It makes her angry with God. He says: "How could you forgive this man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> He starts to fight God. He looks at the sky and announces: "I will not lose with you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap, and her hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. She becomes more and more crazy and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. On the day Shin-ae is discharged from the hospital, she goes to the beauty salon and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's murderer works in the shop and cuts her hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap son Shin-ae. While she cuts Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can not understand what is happening and quickly leaves the store. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Jong-khan in the movie. Jong-chan tries to be alongside Shin-ae. Although Shin-ae does not care, he is still with her. Shin-ae quickly leaves the church, but Jong-chan, who started attending church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (the secret sun), a rural city and vice versa. It seems that "he is too secular and frivolous, but he always has two steps behind her and takes care of her. Milyang is like him. " Mr. Lee adds: "Somebody joked that Jong-chan might be an angel. I think he could be an angel. Who knows? We can not say for sure that there is no angel. " If there is a person like Jong-chan, who forever accompanies curves and bends of the lover, we can defend ourselves against the over-restrained. Shin-ae's life is full of senselessness. Her husband died after he betrayed her, and her only son was killed cruelly by the murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way and that makes her mad literally. It is too easy to say that her life is full of senselessness. Do you still hope in your life? Can he find meaning in his life? The last scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her hair by herself: we go on a journey of life ourselves. However, she realizes that it is difficult to do it alone and we know that we can not do everything ourselves. We see Jong-chan hold a mirror for her while she cuts her hair. It's her hope. He has Jong-chan next to him and is ready to help her in every situation in which he is. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel to her. If we feel that the angel is always beside us and behind us, we can find joy in life, even if in our lives we encounter adversities. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea. This is like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss the story of the early church, Secret Sunshine encourages us to cope with the mess of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. Thanks to the shallow interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. Thanks to a deeper interpretation, this movie will help us see under the surface. Some say they have stopped attending a church service after watching Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong responds: "They were Antichrists before they watched the movie. our life through Shin-ae life.
