The unique "Secret Sunshine" by Lee Chang-dong is the most exciting madness this year. It is an instantly sobering, brutally honest hero with a reverberation of loss and a graceful memento mori who resonates with a striking density of thoughts, but remains as impenetrable as the emotions he observes. Through his layered naturalism and stunning view on the dynamics of a small town, Lee indirectly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama, tearing away excess cinematography and tearing the bows that shape his characters and cementing the proceedings in the crushing tumult of stoical realism. <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains an extremely attractive, smooth work for 142 minutes of working time. His daring first hour is filled to the brim with subtle insinuations, unusual announcements and skilful reversals of tone caused by humanistic capitulation. Adapted from the story, Lee gives the film the sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life, recently seen in its transgressively comic and disrespectful "Oasis." Understanding how personal revolutions arise when views change into our universe, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of widow's grief through an inquisitive extent, but also feels the stormy existential currents that underlie the film when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in understanding the oasis of human experience. <br /> <br /> Do-yeon Jeon's ("You Are My Sunshine"). A distinction for the best actress in Cannes in 2007 is well-deserved. Her performance as a widow Shin-ae remains an unrelenting puzzle. As a character separated by forces beyond her control, the sheer splendor of this performance is crucial to the turbulent nature of the film. Because Jeon analyzes one cyclical revolt after another, there appears a trembling sense of fall, whose film, in its favor, never comes. Instead, he finds a delicate balance that weakens the charged theatricality and the later banality of the usual tragedies and his falls. It becomes the center of the movie's universe, as well as ours. Filmed in a wonderful hand-held CinemaScope, the film demolishes the cinematography of frames and compositions, becoming visually sharp, as it is quietly shocking, when the camera never gives up its gaze with Shin-ae in times of happiness, guilt and remorse. > <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small, suspicious city of Miryang? the awkwardness of the situation in the community, its uncomfortable silence and destruction grew out of personal dramas. Shin-ae interactions with city dwellers rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are performed only from the obligation to match her son's son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). One of the recurring acquaintances is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor mechanic with uncertain intentions who helps her on her way to Miryang in a charming open movie sequence set for a captivating stream of sunlight. Song has placed himself as a comedian anti-hero in the biggest films of South Korea, but his nuanced, low quality of delivery proves that the director never had to reveal more than necessary. <br /> <br /> If the pain is ephemeral, then sadness can never really disappear. And Lee has a maintenance complexity. When Shin-ae tries to walk the path of reconciliation to face the unimaginable heartbreak again, he unsuccessfully applies the evangelical Christian community as a foil to his grief. But Lee knows better that when he understands that religion in the context of human canvas of conflict and misery, it is never a simple solution. But Lee never reprimands the essence of religion when he realizes the value of salvation for some through higher power, even if it serves as a form of denial in others. Scenes in the second half that relate to religion do not allow for aggressive contempt, which in itself is a feat, considering how many filmmakers allowed the rush of material to take over what they must say to be faithful to their story and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first movie since his appointment as Minister of Culture and Tourism in his country is an uncompromising treatise on human suffering. In a film so flawless and authentic, he passionately reveals that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, just suppressing and reducing agony. Secret Sunshine leaves us with tender mercy torn from emptiness and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
