I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default review that appears in the URL of this video, I felt compelled to write down the overthrow. In a word, the film is excellent. He does not deserve a defamatory review written by the writer. I think that the writer completely overlooked the meaning of the film. In fact, I was also rejected by an excessive demonstration of Evangelist devotions that largely took center stage. However, I must beg him to differ from the reviewer in that this film is not in the end a propaganda piece for the evangelizing action. I think what the director has shown is that as religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is largely incapable of answering basic, simple questions that can be asked, and everything that religion has to do offer, sometimes it is just banal clichés of one kind or another. This does not prove the valuation of religion, because we must remember that religion is transformed and expressed by ordinary, mostly good meaning, basically good people and usually do not have a monopoly on truth, and therefore religion can not ultimately provide definitive answers to some questions in life. Ultimately, this is a matter of faith. You have to take it for faith and that's all. And if you are committed to faith, you can appreciate every manifestation of faith. And if you are not committed to faith, then every manifestation of faith is tiring. It is also instructive to notice the reviewer's reaction to the film. In any case, the director shows us that you can not accept a religious interpretation of events and answers to questions, yet life goes on and in this world there is a "secret sun" that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientation. And this is just the basic message of the film! Look at the last scene of the movie if you do not get it! In the end, the movie is great and provokes and confronts you - the viewer with questions that you have to answer yourself. So it is a work of art that challenges you. I agree with the reviewer that the Protestant things were a bit too much. However, taking into account the above interpretation of religion shown in the film, I think that the director tried to balance the act, thanks to which he could not be called an Evangelist? basher! Actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. It's so balanced and just perfect, it's just amazing. No doubt he is my favorite Korean actor. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon received the prize in Cannes for the best actress for this film. However, I did not find any specialization in her acting. It looks like you need to act convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes to earn rewards. All in all a great movie. If you do not like it? please look at it again and see if you get it! If he leaves you unhappy or uncomfortable or asks you questions, think about whether this was the director's goal in this movie!
