Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest achievements of every important director: he began making films at a family home in his native Holland before moving to Hollywood, where he began to create subversive genre pieces that are often seen as mere entertainment by the main crowd. The Fourth Man from 1983. He was the last film he made before he moved to the USA and it seems that it was a transitional movie for him. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the Fourth Man it is clear that the film will be visible from the perspective of the famous, though impoverished author Gerard. In an apparent tribute to the similarly titled film The Third Man from 1949, Carol Reed, the film begins with the author's journey to the crowd of literature enthusiasts. However, the similarities end, because Gerard does not encounter any major complications before arriving at the auditorium, and the speech itself goes smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which he performs this function, we know that the author is somewhat concerned because he has realistic fantasies about murdering a roommate before leaving home, and has a surreal fantasy about a hotel that sees a advertised and free eyeball growing out of the viewfinder door. The fact that he sometimes has problems with separating fantasy from reality becomes even more obvious when the anecdote he tells is revealed as untrue and admits that he "lies" the truth until he knows whether he or she has done something or not. it happened. <br /> <br /> The fourth person is full of surreal fantasies and dreams, which are all the more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we have seen and because sometimes they announce events that take place. " t has happened yet. Between the efficiency of unreal sequences and the careful Verhoevena editing style, this ends with the most atmospheric movie on this side, Do not Look Now, and just like this movie is full of ambiguity. In contrast to this film, the Fourth Man is also perversely funny, because Gerard's deeply rooted Catholic beliefs penetrate every aspect of his life, including sexuality. Naturally, he associates a female hairdresser whom he knows with the Biblical Della, although he fears that using scissors he will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity. In the erotic fantasy sequence that will make Luis Buñuel redden, he replaces the man he is attracted with, a statue of Christ on the cross in life-size. <br /> <br /> The fourth person is a horror movie that can attract the viewer into the hero's mind, still retaining some ambiguity: it certainly seems that Gerard is in danger, but it can simply be his "lie of truth". The film is also full of subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism, which makes it a unique and satisfying movie experience.
