Watching DE VIERDE MAN (aka FOURTH MAN) is a somewhat disturbing and rather fascinating experience. This is a very tight and intense psychological secret / thriller by the Dutch Paul Verhoeven. He directed the film before he became great thanks to his "free ticket to Hollywood" - the movie FLESH + BLOOD. In many user comments on this site I noticed a mention of Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed, this movie might very well be Hitchcock, but I also noticed the accents of early Cronenberg (viscera), flavors of David Lynch (surrealistic visualizations related to the plot) and even Roman Polański (feature). The funny thing is that the films of these directors, which I thought about while watching DE VIERDE MAN, were created only after 1983, the year of the publication of the FOURTH MAN. So go to the figure. <br /> <br /> Indeed, many of Gerard Reve's original novels, on which this film is based, deserve recognition. Gerard Reve is also a fictional name of the main character (a tormented writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, balancing on a dangerous line of severe psychosis). Has anyone stopped and thought about the word "rêve" being French for "sleep"? There are many dream / nightmare sequences in the movie, often to such an extent that you do not always know for certain whether Gerard is conscious or dreaming. Could it be a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is amazing as a leading lady (in quite a challenging role). Sometimes it seems to be guilty of excessive action (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly intended to depict the character it plays, because as you make this movie you are not sure what to think about this lady and her intentions. He proves who the perfect actress is. I can add that the film also contains a few scenes depicting the full frontal nakedness of men and women, as well as a few fairly explicit sex scenes (and you will even notice that some of the scenes and aspects were clearly scenes later shot for Verhoeven BASIC INSTINCT). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this film is the many symbolisms and biblical references / images that supposedly made the movie completely hated by some conservative / Catholic movements during its European edition. Either way, it makes a movie worthy of a second watch. Someone recently told me that he has serious doubts about the man DE VIERDE. One of them is that the film allegedly changes into a position in which he needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve himself. I myself have big problems with the way Catholicism was and still is sometimes portrayed in many films in each genre (and therefore not only in the case of religious horrors). But surprisingly, I had no doubts about the FOURTH MAN. Although the aspect of the Virgin Mary on the plot made me scratch my head at some point, in a sense I enjoyed it. I think that the key word why it does not bother me at all is "duality". Because this movie works on two levels. Although "divine intervention" could have solved the plot from the point of view of the main character ... on the other hand: the movie suggests that all this could have been a delirious whore of a madman. And this is a funny part: you never know for sure. And then the question arises: is it possible that Gerard Reve somehow received distorted visions of things that were to come ... how to receive fairies? At some point in the film, Gerard even tries to fool Christine to believe he is a seer. The way Christine plays in this particular scene is perfect to see. <br /> <br /> Thanks to its fascinating history, convincing performances and the right direction, DE VIERDE MAN is indeed a very recommended watching (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not dubbed).
