I do not know if I do not think it's a masterpiece, but it's damn near; it is unusually well-made, artistic, full of tension, elaborately drawn out, difficult thematically and full of grim announcements and sexually-religious imaginations. There is also a great job with the camera of Jan de Bont, the romantic music of Loka Dikker and the outstanding actor Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, which gives one of the most subtle, subtle performances of the "femme fatale" I have ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a shameless, non-judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity and complexity of sexuality and has zero reservations about mixing all this with religious and / or surreal (some will say blasphemous) images. In other words, if you can not stand the thought of a homosexual driven by lust imagining the purpose of his carnal desire when Jesus crucified on the cross before they both go to him in the cemetery crypt, it may not be a movie for you. What surprised me the most is how this bizarre movie completely evaded the pretentious mess. Mixes abstract / surrealistic / parallel fantasy-reality scenes and makes everything work. Like any good secret, you can see fragments slowly falling into place as the movie progresses. Here there is no resolution except the left field. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary filler, and when it ends, you begin to understand the purpose of what could have been mistaken for you before. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you can still like it. <br /> <br /> I do not intend to spoil the plot, becoming too detailed, but opening the movie - via the Internet, the spider catches its victim - sets the scene as Krabbé, as an unshaven, happy, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interesting , also the name of the writer whose novel is based on this book) crosses with a wealthy, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, combining androgynous stylizations with Simone Simon - like innocence / pretty, which is quite annoying), which can be literal The "black widow" responsible for the death of the three previous husbands. They both become lovers and come into each other, but we are convinced (by Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent performances of another woman - played by Geerta de Jong - who can, or maybe does not exist), something terrible boils. When another Christine lover appears in the house, young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman), things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> FOURTH MAN was a great artistic success in much of the world, but he did not make it to the USA until 1984, where he received the Best Foreign Film Award of the Year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most popular film is the release of Media, which has been horribly named. Try to avoid this and go straight to the newer version of DVD Anchor Bay. Since his arrival in America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He made some decent movies (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and a few bad shows (Showgirls). In fact, the big hit of Verhoevena Basic Instinct is almost like a less interesting, junior version of The Fourth Man. Soutendjik also tried her hand at acting in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best offers she received, she returned home to the Netherlands.
