Encouraged Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), who is a homosexual, an alcoholic and has frequent visions of death, is invited to give a lecture at the literary club in Vlissingen. Being at the train station in Amsterdam, he feels an irresistible attraction to a handsome man who embarks on a different train. Gerard is presented to the treasurer of the club and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns the Sphinx cosmetics store and has one night. The next morning, Gerard sees a photo of boyfriend Christine Herman (Thom Hoffman) and recognizes him as the man he saw at the train station. She suggests that she bring Herman to her home to spend a few days together, but with the secret intention of seducing a man. Christine travels to Köln to take her boyfriend, and Gerard stays alone in his home. He drinks whiskey and spies her safe, finding three drums with the names of men; decides to watch movies and discover that Christine married three boys and they all died in tragic events. Later, Gerard believes that Christine is a witch and asks if Herman or he will be her doomed fourth husband. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Vierde Man" is another great feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch stage. The story is supported by a perfect scenario that uses Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with intelligent dialogues; the wonderful performance of Jeroen Krabbé as an alarmed alcohol writer; and stunning cinematography. An ambiguous resolution is open to interpretation, as in many European films that reveal the common sense and intelligence of viewers. There are mediocre directors who use the nakedness of men to promote their films; however, Paul Verhoeven uses Gerard Reve's nudity as part of the plot and is never aggressive or looking for sensationalism. Last but not least; the androgynous beauty of the sexy Renée Soutendijk fits perfectly with her role as a woman who attracts a gay writer. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "About 4o Homem" ("The Fourth Man")
