Paul Verhoeven's predecessor for his hit "Basic Instinct" is a stylish and shocking thriller neo-noir. Verhoeven has become known for making a bit of dingy junk movies, both in his native Holland and in America, and this movie is one of the reasons. The fourth man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); homosexual, alcoholic and somewhat crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a speech about the stories he writes. There he meets seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who takes him back to the house, where he discovers a handsome photo of one of her lovers and proclaims that he will meet him, even if he kills him. <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven repeatedly distorts the truth in this film, which ensures that you never know where you are. Many events in the Fourth Man may be what it seems, but they can easily be interpreted as something completely different, and this keeps the audience at the edge of their places for the duration, and also makes the movie act as that narrative is that on what is developing. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he has to stop himself, and this is one of the things I like most about him. This movie presents a very shocking scene that made me feel bad for many hours (and this does not happen very often!). I will not spoil it because it needs an element of surprise to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you see a movie (make sure you have an outstanding version!). There are also many other gruesome scenes that are less shocking than the ones I mentioned, but are still beautiful; man is eaten by lions, another has a tube sent through his skull, the boat is broken in half ... adorable. <br /> <br /> Acting in the Fourth Man is not something to write about, but it is solid. Jeroen Krabbé attracts the attention of the audience and looks like a drunken writer. However, Renée Soutendijk makes the biggest impression on the femme fatale in the center of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone mimics nine years later in the Basic Instinct, but the original fatale did it best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid, because he directs our attention through numerous points of view that help to create the secret of history. Verhoeven went to the trash, but apparently he has talent and it's a pity he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven movies I have seen, this is the best and although it may be difficult to find; trust me, it's worth the effort.
