A movie that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy will be considered a significant step in the career of a filmmaker. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest story-teller, has been doing it in various film formats for years. THE COLOR PURPLE was considered risky at the time, especially after classic actions such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In retrospect, this film should not come as a surprise, because Spielberg told us to cry with tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE by entering into an intellectual tariff. It's quite an entrance. No special effects, no dizziness, just a brilliant story based on the literary classic Alice Walker. One of the surprises is how Spielberg could present such a moving film about African Americans in the far south. Slavery disappeared, but in the south presented here it seems that blacks use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always suspended for sentimentalizing his photos or adding an element of childishness to please the audience. This is really the first of the overlooked films from his career that can not be made. This is the first of a series of films that people have not seen or seen, because there are no strangers. THE SUN EMPIRE, ALWAYS, SCHINDLER'S LIST, etc. His amazing talent is obvious in this particular image, because A) uses mainly inexperienced actors for the first time, B) deals with the most noticeable subject, which was not adapted to the screen, and C) pure drama without strings in which characters grow and change over about 30 years. It is almost epic in appearance and range, and the fact that he did not bring a single Oscar with 11 nominations is a parody and insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fantastic as a tortured Celie, an unattractive woman given away by her incestuous father to Danny Glover, whom he knows only as "Mister". The film follows the path of occasional beatings and psychological tortures, which it passes through during the "Mister". The film with the PG-13 rating is quite open to the sexual problems raised in Walker's novel. This is not a "Burning bed" in Georgia in any way. There is no glaring vengeance that one would expect. It happens gracefully. Goldberg perfectly plays a man, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most moving and poignant moment of the film appears when Goldberg and her sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, maybe forever. (Perhaps announcing the separation of children and parents with the Holocaust?) You may have to check the pulse if this sequence is not moved. <br /> <br /> The purple color means the beauty of the fields and the surrounding flowers of poor people. It is really good to live for but love wins everything. The Spielbergs notice: a guy can create an unforgettable classic without sweet aliens. <br /> <br /> ASSESSMENT: 10 out of 10
