This rather poorly-named western series won the Emmy Award for the best consortium program and is certainly an interesting series. It was produced by the Republic, a studio that worked better than anyone and put in all of it. Each episode was built around a true historical figure of the old West. A detective named Matt Clark, similar to later Elliot Ness with gangsters from the 1920s and 1930s, managed to engage in almost every known Western outlaw between the mid-nineteenth century and the First World War. The biggest advantage of the series was Jim Davis. Tall, rugged, good-looking, in a great shape, with an authentic western accent and great riding skills that made him completely convincing in action scenes, Davis was in every way a western hero. He was combined with two lovely and active stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" in the first season, and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" in the second. Each of them worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated this performance from the present and much of what came later is professionalism invested in action scenes. Ace director William Witney has directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon, the rest. Both filmed the action using the Polish language. The huge repository of the Republic of Poland's film material from B series has been used to give scope. The level of particular episodes increased or decreased along with the quality of stars introduced to the outlaw game. Among the really good ones were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "The Smilin 'Kid." The cream of westerns and hits, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, perfected their craft. V veterans with years of experience, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, provided the old leather feel of vintage westerns. <br /> <br /> The weakness of the concept was that there are only so many known Western outlaws. For the second season, the famous characters became obscure to everyone thanks to the most dedicated history lover. Nevertheless, some of the later concerts suited everyone because of the guests. Henry Brandon played the role of Nate Champion, and former Republican Don Barry was outstanding as a minor outlaw Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or history buffs will want to see this.
