AWARDS OF ROUEN AND TRIUMPH "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite movie of a wide audience, in fact more important than the jury's award, was the brilliant bittersweet comedy by Erik Clausen "Villa Paranoia", which was also chosen by the European Youth Jury. its appeal to moviegoers of all ages. The next day, director-actor Clausen went to the distant city of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for a provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" won three more prizes - Best Film, Professional Jury; Best film, audience award; and the best film of another youth jury made up of "lycens", French high school students. Five awards in one weekend - this is not a bad movie for a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the Grand Prix, MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, just a week ago, by the renowned British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), who won a total of six awards in one week. If Lars van Trier has put Denmark on the unusual Dogma Cinematic map in recent years, there is a good chance that Veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his talented crew will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer than dogmatic drift, meaning mass an audience who likes young and old. What's more, the female role of his film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical presence on screen that with a slightly higher exposure, he has a good chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a feature film written, directed and played by Mr. Clausen, using some motifs from Moliere's "Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a very desirable role in the play Moliere and, confined to the creation of a completely stupid TV commercial, is on the verge of suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a massive chicken farm sponsoring this place, offers her work with room and food dealing with his quarrelsome, old age, wheelchair-bound father Valentin, who has not spoken a word since his wife Stella committed suicide years ago . Anna is the only person who finally finds a way to communicate with the hostile silent old grouch - and he also discovers that all these years he pretended to be deaf and immobile - a vivid "Malade Imaginaire". This will lead her to play the biggest role of her own life, to discover the dark secret that led to Valentin's total withdrawal from life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", in accordance with the tradition of Moliere, from which he comes, is a cordial, multi-layered, serial comic book psycho-drama, which literally has something for everyone and only needs a proper location to achieve the kind of general International reach deserves it. Alex Deleon, Paris / 21 MARCH 2005
