Passionate, dramatic, thrilling like Flamenco, the movie is simply amazing. He is embedded in Bizet's immortal music. The original music was written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, the main propagator of the Modern Flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays music of the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades co-created the script and choreographed this fantastic version of the Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée opera. The game of the main character Antonio, a famous dancer / choreographer who works on telling the story of Carmen in Flamenco style, which combines dances with singing and rhythmical hand clapping and has a highly charged level of dynamics that speaks great to the viewers. /> <br /> Brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos, whose technical excellence matches the elegant artistry of dance, glows in the supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer at Gades for twenty years (1968-1988) and was the hero of three films that Carlos Saura made from three great performances by Gades: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) and "El Amor Brujo "(1985). Gorgeous Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in which Antony sees from the first sight another Carmen, which was immortalized by two Frenchmen, the writer Prosper Mérimée in his most famous novel, written in 1846, which inspired the world-famous Opéra-Comique George Bizeta version from 1875. <br /> <br /> Just like in the opera and the novel, Carmen in the movie Saury is a desirable and deadly, final femme fatale, which must be free above all else. She could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and would prefer death from surrender. There are about 50 adaptations of the film and operas on the screen, which are different from each other and share the only possible tragic end. The Saura / Gades film is unique as the most sensual and truly Spanish. I fell in love with him the first time I saw him over twenty years ago and is as unique and beautiful today as it was then. Highly recommended.
