Undoubtedly one of John Ford's great masterpieces, young Mr. Lincoln passed virtually unnoticed at the time of his first release, no wonder, because it was 1939, when many of the greatest films in the history of cinema appeared, including the most mythical Western in the genre's history, a milestone John Ford Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith goes to Washington, who picked up the Oscar in the only category to which the young Mr. Lincoln was nominated, which is the original scenario. <br /> <br /> It was still the most underrated Ford film for many years, destined to gradually disappear in the shadow of John Ford's other masterpieces, but in the late 1950s American and European film critics and historians took a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergey Eisenstein about the Young Lord Lincoln, where he praised her and admitted that if only he had the opportunity to direct any American film that had ever been made, it would definitely be John Ford Young Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such unquestioning preferences of Eisenstein, the critics began to see the film again, but only with a bit different eyes and the reputation of the film has grown since then. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time in the life of one of the most legendary American presidents. In the early 1930s Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln, and in the same year, as Ford's film, MGM released the movie John Cromwell named Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Interestingly, both of them were based on the very successful Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> Regarding the films of John Ford, we can easily find many references to life and deeds, and even the death of the mythical figure of Lincoln in several director's works, such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Prisoner of the Shark Islands, the second just like Young Mr. Lincoln, he uses Lincoln's favorite song - Dixie - as the main musical theme. <br /> <br /> The script based on the previously mentioned Stage Play and Lincoln biographies was written by Lamar Trotti in cooperation with John Ford himself, which was quite rare for Ford, but the end result was simply great - the scenario combining elements of fun with Some historical facts, as well as myths and legends about the beginning. Abraham Lincoln's life and legal practice ends with a fun but mostly painful trial scene, which is the highest point in the film and the main generator of laughter and tears in which Lincoln defends two young brothers accused of murder and he must go out of the way to help her mother also when she is brought to trial as a witness, and where the prosecutor (played by Donald Meka) demands her to indicate which of her sons actually committed the murder, of course obliging her to do the impossible choice of conviction death and allowing life to another. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a very moving, warming, and even funny movie with just the wonderful performance of Henry Fonda in his highest character of Abraham Lincoln and the overwhelming wealth of other characters no matter how small or big they are they are embodied with a wonderful and intelligent scenario and driven by the genius of John Ford on one of his best deliveries ever. Determined to see everyone. 10/10
