In his excellent book Lincoln in American Memory, the historian Merrill Peterson calls Young Mr. Linin "boring, horrible movie". This amazingly erroneous analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely good film critics. I'm working on a doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of the preparation for the doctoral thesis, I made a thorough analysis of this film, as well as the ingenious interpretation of Tag Gallaghers in his groundbreaking book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln comes out of this culminating year of the first phase of the film by Ford, 1939. In this largest of Hollywood years, Ford directed three great, still not fully appreciated films: Drums along Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr. Lincoln. It may seem strange to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, but all the most critical critics have to recognize that it is one of the greatest westerns, and maybe even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. However, what is NOT fully appreciated is the fact that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - in fact a triptych. Ford creates something like a mythical American history on the screen. Drums along the mohawce is the war for independence. Young Mr.Lincoln is before the Civil War in America. In the end, Stagecoach is Post Civil War America. What links these three films is a prolonged meditation on American Adam and his "mission to the desert." What are the psychological and social costs of the manifesting American destiny when America seeks to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes a journey through America when he tries to reconcile civilizational inspiration (law) with the freedom of wild nature. Mr. Lincoln is not history (he is full of historical "outings", as well as Ford and Trotti knew), but the myth: Lincoln, a symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, a desert man seeking to find civilization and become an "extraordinary legislator" of young America . Young Mr. Lincoln is not like the story of James Lincoln's long-forgotten teleplay about Lincoln, and like the biography of Sandburg, he's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
