This is a funny "FBI story", but it should be seen as fiction, because that's what it is. What else could it be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had an episodic role in production. James Stewart is excellent, as always, and the supporting cast, with the exception of the talented Very Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is particularly good in supporting role as partner and best friend of Stewart. The FBI's achievements that emphasize the film are undoubtedly true. What is important is what he leaves. <br /> <br /> One of the most disgraceful parts of the movie is the representation of the murder of John Dillinger. It is presented to a large extent as it happened, but no mention is made of Melvin Purvis, the head of the Chicago office, who led the operation. Instead, the operation is presented as if the fictitious Chip Hardesty was running it. It is said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity Purvis received after killing Dillinger; Purvis was then transferred to a distant facility, and soon after he left the FBI. There is no question why Purvis was never mentioned in the film. But at least this viewer paused to think that if Purvis had been treated in this way, as with all agents who had carried out all the other operations depicted in the film. Or they were completely ignored and replaced by fake Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The film is probably accurate in presenting the FBI's activities until the end of World War II. However, after this point, the film would make us believe that the only threat facing the United States is international communism, which Hoover believed. It does not matter mafia. No lynching that continues in the South. It does not matter that the blacks were intimidated to stop them from voting in most of the South. I do not know if the FBI has begun eavesdropping on Martin Luther King before the movie was filmed, but if it did not, it soon began. <br /> <br /> As I said in the beginning it is quite a good entertainment, but it should be seen as a sanitized fiction.
