"The Drug Years" actually suffers from one of these aspects of a mini-series or other type of television documentaries, repeated over and over for several weeks on television. In a sense, it is not long enough. All major foundations in decades are discussed, and all are interesting as remarks in postmodernist history and from different sides. But that is hardly enough, or at least what is sometimes covered, is once in a while, when it can deserve more time. For example, information and details in the third part about the whole process and activities related to sending mass quantities of drugs (some marijuana, then cocaine) are really well presented, but there are more details that are kept on demand, as long as time to cover. <br /> <br /> In general, this document sheds enough light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, upper and lower classes and suburbs, everyone has felt a wave of different drugs over the years, and the interaction between everyone was very visible. Nobody in the film - except the possibility of small hints from the pool) - goes directly to the approval of drugs, but are shown in archival films about the integrity of what is sometimes fun, and then tragic when it comes to taking certain drugs. The appearance of various die-hard, absurdly anti-drug officials can not cope with some points, even in such a review of drug cultures and the entire connection with America - as there is only one main point that is made several times by one of the interlocutors. The only way to really approach the drugs problem is not "just say no" because, as the drug war has shown, it is not as effective as it was thought. The real issue is to mislead all parties about all drugs and people who may be hypocrites about them (for example, oxycontin continues on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it with the great interest and depth of Ken Burns' documentary film? No, but to watch TV in the summer for young people (ie, at my age), who will perceive much of this as an almost ancient history, although most of them are not more than one generation ago, and also for the "old ones", who may wonder decades later about the great summits, careless times, and then disappointment pushed more of the same media that they propagated and advertised years ago. There are those who can consider a documentary film to be particularly biased, which is not completely untrue, but tries to get enough different social, political and entertainment conditions related to interlacing drugs (for better or obviously worse) as a fascinating enough view.
