With the death of her husband, May, an elderly woman faces the future in the urban world, who sees her as invisible, dead from the neck and unwelcome in the pseudo-refined homes of her son Yuppie, Bobby and his shallow wife, Helen and Paul, self-absorbed, tied-up and minimally talented daughter. The central family is nothing but a warm, supportive and understanding her new and tragic stage in life with the death of her husband. The mother is a calm study of character, which shows how in some societies an older parent is both undesirable and a burden for adult children whose career and seeking status obscure everything else. <br /> <br /> As May begins to realize that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow discovers that her libido is awakened and lives with her boyfriend's daughter, carpenter and raw type. May embarks on an unfettered sexual affair with Darren, whose character at the beginning of her compassion, but his flawed nature quickly reveals himself under the pressure of the women who surround him. <br /> <br /> This is the type of role Hollywood actresses at a certain age are whining, never written for them, but they will never appear, because the sincerity of the film, overt sexuality, unbridled wardrobe, small make-up and social commentary on the mourning that society that most women in the film industry are delighted with. The performance of the main actress, Anne Reid, ranges from quiet to dizzying, and her interpretation thrives on the screen from a gray widow to a sexually alive and released middle-aged woman without face lifting, hair extensions and liposuction. On the screen more than the soul reveals. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is a handyman, Derrek, who puts both mother and daughter. He turns in another stellar spectacle, which initially favors the widow's situation, but in the end he is without redemption, when his real nature develops and is literally a rooster in the hen house. His pointless character can not say no to his ex-wife, a boring girl, and her mother is blamed for the source of his ineffectual existence. Although he is good at building a conservatory, he is not able to build the sense of his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best films in the UK for years, is just an adult in its story. The mother is a rare kind of film that may be too honest for the American public to tolerate the lack of a car chase, no blues, no rap soundtrack to jam the moron performances by TV stars and buff studmuffins. The mother reflects how the aging baby boomer generation is now people whose offspring are willing to overlook, send to a nursing home and leave the road. She does not know what to do when Darren brings her back to life, refuses to go to the old people's home, and discovers that her children are more conservative than they have ever been.
