This is an excellent movie that touches a potentially exploiting subject with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, formerly known in the UK for her TV roles, including "Lunch" (Victoria Wood's series of scripts on corporate catering staff, if you're wondering), gives subtle judgment in May, a late 60-year-old mother mourning two adults in a class in London. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies while visiting a man of the second species (Bobby) and we see that the couple are rather carelessly welcomed by Bobby and his family. Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw), a May teacher, lives nearby, and the relationship between Maya and Paula initially seems closer. So when May decides he can not live in his own home and returns to London, he can stay at Paula's home and do some babysitting with Paula's grateful offspring. <br /> <br /> These are May's visits to Bobby's home that he is having an affair with Darren, a friend of Bobby's mid-30s who is working on expanding the house. The first British film that so depicts him is May, not Darren (Daniel Craig *), who initiates the meeting, or at least at first it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on the DVD I have seen: differences on the IMDb casting list suggest the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the affair is handled directly, but not for exploitation purposes. The relation between May and daughter Paula, recently converted to "therapy and self-exploration", is more strongly portrayed, which announces that the mummy never supported her. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she discovers with May the clear but rather poor drawings of Darren and May, things go down in a dramatic but controlled way. Perhaps only in an English movie a daughter could announce that she would strike her mother, politely ask her to get up and surround her properly. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, they are drawn into an alleged relationship with a decent but older (from their own generation) member of Pauli's writing group. The contrast between the resulting unwanted relationship and her romance with Darren is clearly defined; at this point, May begins to agree with Paula, and Darren's worm begins to turn (reveals that he could have been for her money, if not all the time, but for part of the ride). May is therefore considered to be unnecessary for both of their children's needs and finally returns home (but later goes on a jet plane for new pastures). <br /> <br /> The power of the film is that it presents with an unshakeable, but nice truth, the character of contemporary relationships between parents and siblings of adults, in which the mourning can leave the living parent more alone than if they had nobody to be theirs He takes care. This is not new, but the openness of presenting sexual needs over the age of 60 can be. The darkness of the film's content, based on the script by Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with the way it is illuminated (it seems to be eternal in the summer) and the general mood is uplifting - it could easily be the next song set in gloomy and rainy England. The ending may be insufficiently written, because we do not know where May is going, or how long - maybe she is Shirley Valentine with retirement, it is certainly not Picasso. Anne Reid, however, turns out to be a great actor whose professional life will definitely change forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (said by Paul Newman): "Mary Poppins (read Dinnerladies) is going well." <br /> <br /> * Yes: he announced October 2005 as the new James Bond.
