It is hard to imagine a director capable of such horrible shit as "Notting Hill", which draws something as sensitive and as attractive as this, but well, here is evidence and it is quite convincing. A few people were referring to television drama, yes, it's the seventies Play for Today feel sometimes, but it's always cut above, I think that thanks to some great acting game from Anne Reid and a great screenplay that shadow-boxes with phrases never getting hit by the nose, maybe just at the end. (I did not like the shot of indifferent farewells through the corridor, nor the last scene oh-what-a-beautiful-morning: she deserved more studied finale than I think after all this hard work.) Business slippers were also a bit of OTT, on reflection. <br /> <br /> What do I mean by avoiding the stereotype: well, I had a diminishing expectation that the daughter of a "mature" man, which May is going to submit to be cast in two dimensions as a repulsive old hole, to be more contrasting indicate a contrast with an attractive male youth with whom he unconsciously competes.As instead, we get an unexpectedly subtle and pleasant episode of a lonely, clumsy, not quite unlike myself and a very human man who, however, has no idea about the entertainment of a woman. more attention, here's the script that allowed the actors to breathe and do something interesting with a fairly small one And almost Mike Leigh in this regard (without the invented Cathars in which the other one inexplicably enters). <br /> <br /> And of course I was, as everyone probably, bewildered by what Anne Reid does with her character and her body. Ona jest / nie / "muffled, obliging housewife discovering herself for the first time", it's too easy for the character we have. There are repeated allusions to the fact that she was a "bad housewife", not to mention what she does with trays, trying to look caring and wonderful, and only manages to look awkward. Daughter accuses her of "sitting all day in front of the TV", and no, whatever her maternal duties can be assumed: there is no answer. She has never been a model wife and mother, at least not for herself - hence many adjectives, a sense that someone has wasted his life trying to fulfill a role in which he simply was not good.
