THE TENANTS began with a short novel from 1971, the late Bernard Malamud - a writer / philosopher - who investigated conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the burnting atmosphere of Brooklyn during the writing of the book. As a novel, the story was very lively: as it was written in the script of novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs), it is more a cerebral dissertation, which gradually grows into action in the last moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with one book, but is currently trying to finish his "newest" book ten years ago. Convinced that he must finish the novel in the same environment in which it began. is the only tenant in the condemned Brooklyn tenement, owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "buy out" Harry's lease so that this dirty building can be demolished. Another black quasi-anti-Semitic writer Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg) enters this atmosphere, whom Harry befriends, hides, and offers to help the writer's attempts to kill all white people. Harry's attempts to help Willi lead to a conflict, not the smallest of them is Harry's meeting with Willie's girlfriend, the white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) at the less-than-friendly gathering of Willy's black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on skids, and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and plans to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes the novel. When Willie hears about the assignment and is further criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins to descend down not only to gentle friendship, but also to rivalry between the writers. The end "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and human ability to violence and destruction." <br /> <br /> The actors do their best, with a script that is a bit awkward, but despite the scripted lines that border with preaching they create credible characters. Pictures enrich history, keeping the mood damp and dense, and above all limited to the building of the condemned. The musical score uses solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these baseless characters. Although you need a little patience to go through the brain quarrels, the movie is finally worth watching. At least he tries to recreate Malamud's bizarre look at life in a big city. Grady Harp
