As the directorial debut of Jack Nicholson Drive, He Said at least shows that he is a talented director of actors. Even if history seems to be lost to the public (and to the contemporary public - if they can find it, which appears from time to time on eBay - may seem more casual than they think it is), the video contains vivid, interesting characteristics. The film is about two children from college: the hero is Hector (William Tepper, in which he borders with the explosion), the star of Leopards, a basketball team in which he plays. While he is dealing with a trainer (Bruce Dern), who puts pressure on staying focused, and a girl with breaks (Karen Black) with his own emotional problems, is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other kid. It seems that Gabriel is a little bit more than terrified of the possibility of creation, so in his own radical state of mind he does everything in his power to stop himself. But when Hector tries to find a balance between his upcoming fame and those he loves, Gabriel crosses the threshold of reason. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, in technical terms, displays a fascinating style of editing that keeps things on the edge during basketball scenes and implements darkness in many other scenes with a documentary feel. And with Tepper, Black and even Robert Towne (writer Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible, who rarely behaves), he gains credible acting. Although there is a tendency to belittle his emotions in Tepper. In some scenes, for example, when he could act brilliantly sarcastically, he does not play what is worth it. In turn, Margotta has a living, twisted strength in her performance, and when she goes down, it is frightening, but perhaps understandable from the times (and what a peak). Dern steals most of his scenes, incidentally, in a performance that should bring him an Oscar nomination. Every line of his dialogue is appropriate, true, and never overwhelmed, as in recent performances with coach films. <br /> <br /> But what brings the film down is that the elements with the characters are not explained to the extent that one could wish for it. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the screenplay with Nicholson and expected the film would be longer than it was. It is a small volume with a lot of information, about time, about sport, and the feelings that underlie younger generations. Nicholson presents these characters and situations to us and rarely turns out what motivates them (anti-war protesters are not included, some of them are understandable enough). Gabriel is worried about what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a guy who fears he will be called to the NBA and still loves to play, but what's stopping him? The whole atmosphere is intriguing what the college / basketball experience from the late 1960s looked like, but this intriguing quality that leads to unconventionality is kept at a point where it can not go any further. In general, the effect of the whole movie is bittersweet and memorable because of its good side, not low. And you can definitely tell who is behind the lens at every step. B +
