It's an amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, director Rohmer literally inlaid his living actors in painted backgrounds. Most of the time it works great, especially at the beginning, where the movie is like a pop-up book that comes alive. It's less effective in a few scenes where it limits camera angles (for example, they did not paint the side of some buildings), but it's a very interesting way to film a historical film that deals with both our own misconceptions and limited views of history as a story itself. It is told through the memories of the former mistress Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. Thus, an event usually considered as one of its own by Marxist historians, especially in France, is narrated here from the point of view of a female aristocrat. Inevitably another point of view appears - it can not be an objective representation. Using a device of memories gives the film rather episodic quality. Personally, I think that the plot around the death of the king is the most interesting. The strong royalist is shocked when Duc votes for the death of the king (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably helpful in following the dialogue between Grace and Duc. He was Ludwik's cousin and he was elected to the Congregation where he quickly changed his name to Philip Equality). Filming Louis's death is masterful. Grace and her maid are in the Meudon, outside of Paris, watching the telescope from the hill. We do not see executions, we only hear the chambermaids comment, like Grace. The most dramatic revolution event happens off screen. Grace can not stand that her king will be killed. In her opinion, she is an aristocrat. Any justification for Louis's death is literally beyond her vision. It's a powerful, intelligent movie creation. The love story between the prince and Grace is insinuated, never spoken and is very moving (although Duc sometimes seems a bit pompous fool, what does she see in him, not counting the taste). Madness rush (just enough to be a suspect) that sweeping individuals in time such as a revolution is illustrated how Grace's life is turned upside down, her house is searched daily, and yet she still orders her servants to cook food and not he can get dressed! If you are interested in a subtle, well-told movie, clever use of new technology to tell an old story or present a key moment in European history told by an aristocratic foreigner, its ultimate outsider, it is worth your time. In some places it is a bit slow, but your patience is rewarded.
