CASTLE IN THE SKY, recreated from the original Japanese name LAPUTA (for the offensive phrase, something that director Hayao Miyazaki did not know at the time), is the third film of the master animator and is one of his most beloved all time. Initially, the cash disappointment in the 1986 issue, has since been accepted by critics and audiences around the world. CASTLE IN THE SKY, inspired by Jonathan Swift's song "Gulliver's Travels", is a steampunk adventure story about two young orphans - a young miner Pazu and the mysterious girl Sheeta (who has a magical crystal around her neck) to find the long lost island of Laputa, which apparently has great riches and jewels. They are supported by a group of clumsy but compassionate air pirates, led by a feudal Dola (who first chases them and yet turns out to be true allies) and chased by a government headed by its wicked supreme secret agent, Muska, who wants Laputa's power for her own benefit. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice, containing the right amount of humor, exploration, wonders and secrets to interest. The graphics, though not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later films, are fantastic and beautiful enough to see figures and locations imaginatively, incredibly exciting action scenes and breathtaking flight sequences that will make you feel dazed. And although the characters that fill this story are less complicated than other Miyazaki's works, each of them has an unforgettable, captivating personality that stays with the viewer long after the film ends. In particular, Dola creates an amazing comic character, shouting orders to his dark sons in an instant and protecting Sheeta from the next one. Muska is one of Miyazaki's few creations that has ever been considered an irreversible villain, but like Dola, he proves every scene in which he finds himself, with an ominous charisma that is alluring and cool. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often compared this film to Gainax's science-fiction TV series NADIA: MYSTERY OF WILD WATER. In the end, both works have similar features and characteristics ... not to mention that both were created by Miyazaki himself. Where both are different, they are made. NADIA, though charming for the most part, suffered from an improper twist in the middle of the road, turning into cartoon nonsense, which distracted the main thread, even though it had a strong ending. On the other hand, CASTLE IN THE SKY remains consistently entertaining and focused on a two-hour run, and the more it is better for him. While the epic tone of the movie is sometimes broken down by "cartoon" moments, like a brawl between the head of Pazu and one of Dole's sons, it never makes sense to make the film weaken. <br /> <br /> About eleven years ago, Disney released an English version featuring such famous players as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill and Mandy Patinkin, as well as several episodes involving veterans such as like Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also includes an ambitious remake of the great music of Joe Hisaishi to be performed by the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this recore is none other than the composer himself). Although the Puriists wept blasphemy over this version for the occasional extra dialogue and rescore mentioned earlier, Miyazaki did not have such problems; in fact, he apparently applauded remakes, and for good reason, because the newly recorded music is really the star of the new dub. Although there are cases where filling some of the silent scenes from the original Japanese is a bit irritating (especially traveling through a stringed storm cloud), the overall rework is fantastic and improves on the original in many ways, especially in scenes, for example when the robot attacks the fortress and moments climax at the end. Here, Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and genius in matching music for visualization. <br /> <br /> When it comes to dub performances, the wires are probably on the short end of the rod; Pazu James Van Der Beek sounds much more mature than his character, while Sheeta by Anna Paquin speaks a strange accent that changes sometimes (a problem that actually works in favor of the character). Having said that, they both do a good job overall and provide quite reliable chemistry. It's a live cast that makes this dub so funny, especially Dole Claris Leachman and Musk Mark Hamill. Both are perfectly manned and steal every scene they are in; as with Rescore, these two really guarantee listening to Disney. Adaptation of the scenario sometimes borders with a loose side - there are a lot of additional lines and / or comments (some of them are priceless, others a bit exaggerated) - but at least one debatable change (Sheeta's speech in the climactic game "the world can not live without love" in contrast to the original "you can not survive beyond Mother Earth"), general characters, history and spirit remain fairly faithful to the original. In general, there is no point in comparing the Disney version with the original language path; everyone puts their own footprint into this legendary masterpiece and I like both of them. (They are also better than the more literal, but terrifying, old, lifeless, improperly played and ill-written older dub from the late 80s, they do not believe that anyone who says this version is "better" than Disneys - trust me , the reverse is true.) <br /> <br /> Either way, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. This is one of the best Miyazaki ever and I highly recommend it.
