The second feature film by Hayao Miyazaki and his first film, which gained recognition both commercially and critically (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans to be the best), "Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta" AKA "Castle in the Sky "may seem childish and simpler compared to its newer masterpieces, such as" Kiki's Delivery Service "," Mononoke-hime "and" Spirited Away ", but in 1986 it was the time ahead of its time and it was one of the stones milestones of modernity. It is important to remember that "Castle in the Sky" was created two years before the revolutionary "Akira" and although it is not provocative and controversial as the mentioned masterpiece, the main characters are primarily the basic characters of heroes / heroes / villains, the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's projects and animation are standards I have never seen before. Although history and humor are sometimes a bit stupid and outdated, the film is still very funny and very pleasant - if not as breathtaking as "Spirited Away". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore low-budget colors and animations and identical twin faces - at this point, Miyazaki is still true to his roots and established Japanese drawing standards - you'll see how Miyazaki's genius shines as well as in "Spirited Away" and Mononoke. While "Castle in the Sky", being a science-fiction adventure and very suitable for children, fits the classic anime more than anything else since then, its motives and principles still show and play an important role. Saying much more would ruin the movie, so I'll be kind to shut up. Suffice it to say that I give it only nine stars, because if I gave him ten, I could not go higher in the case of "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke". And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As in most anime movies, I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak Japanese - overdubs in English just do not seem to be very good, in this case it's just scary. You can, however, watch it once in the English version, only for laughter and star casts (English dub was recorded only after the success of "Spirited Away", as in the case of "Kiki's Delivery Service") - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yeah, Dawson!) Fill the main roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from "Star Wars", in case you do not know!) Game villain and other roles are filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...) , Michael McShane (Brother Tuck with Kevin Costner from the travesty of Robin Hood) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good to laugh, or a few laughs really. But first, look at Japanese.
