It's always difficult to draw any movie as "the best," whether it's all-time, a genre, or whatever you like, but I think you can deduce that Laputa is the biggest animated movie ever made. In my opinion, the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented Japanese animated director, best reflects his strengths as a director, storyteller and designer, and also contains all his favorite subjects. The version I am reviewing is an American dub from 2003 (I know, a sacrilege for hardcore anime fan, not to watch it in my native language); there is at least one other English dub, I have it on VHS (I have no idea from which source), and this version is the only best dub I've ever encountered in any movie. But I thought it would be better to concentrate on the version that people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek preached here) who grows up in a mining town when one day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls off the sky. It looks like she's being pursued by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal that hangs around her neck. For everything to be alive, there is also a wickedly funny pirate gang by crystal, directed by an aging but still noisy Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to reveal the location of the legendary flying city of Laputa, the potential treasury of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. Everything is in line with the fairy-tale scenery, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to go, and the conspiracy is full of moments of "gosh-wow" and refers to his usual morality and warnings against the abuse of the power of nature. <br /> <br /> The design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds abound, completely impossible, but so meticulously designed that you immediately accept them without blinking. The world is set up somewhere at the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient cars next to these wonderful impossible flying machines. But the same city is a pure splendor in performance; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Heaven's Fire itself, and in this juxtaposition lies its attractiveness, strength and danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a carefully designed and beautifully printed movie, Laputa is blessed with a great sense of cinematography. From extensive shots in flight to fast pursuits on tiny one-sided leaflets to ships immersed in the clouds as if they were water, Laputa displays the range that most movies? even with CGI magic? can only dream. Although we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the borders of the frame and we have no problems to believe it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, sequences of actions: a caring robot that has fallen to Earth, is accidentally reactivated and wreaks havoc on the fortress in which it is located, all the while trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who he woke up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates are flying into their little flying machines to snatch it out of the jaws of destruction. From the terrifying sight of a robot incinerating the village to joyful rescue in the last second, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of synchronization and camera angles and knows exactly how far the audience will go. <br /> <br /> It helps that Laputa has an amazing result. Composer Joe Hisaishi reflects the wonderful beauty of this world, the dewy innocence, the exciting action and the terrifying unearthness of the flying city and its bizarre robotic guards. Although he has recorded it again for this DVD version (which is not an improvement compared to the original score), adding songs here and there, the score fits perfectly with visualization, a rare relationship of sound and vision. <br /> <br /> This is not a bad dub. I really like older English dubs, and this explains things just a little bit in places, but I was almost shocked at how well those voices fit those (and they suited the Japanese quite well). In particular, Dola is difficult to get, but Leachman is on the spot as a fiery old pirate woman (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I knew it was early, is more than talented to do Muska (I liked the other English dub Muski a little more, but good Hamill). A large part of the film rests on the shoulders of Pazu, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to him made me think that this crew had to have access to another English dub, because VDB fits very well with the original Pazu. Although re-watching dub is the basis for excommunication among the otaku believers, just as I love this movie, I do not think you sacrifice much by simply viewing this particular angled version. John Lassiter from Pixar presents it in advance and I suspect that he, like many others, just loves this movie so much that they have tried very hard to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films I did not care about), but for me Laputa is still his crowning achievement. Anyone who knows his later job will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again, this film is the master at the top of his form hitting every cylinder. I will pay big money to be able to see it on the big screen; although this probably will never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been saved on DVD.
