You've probably heard a bit about the new Disney dub of the classic Miyazaki movie, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. At the end of the summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" on a video that included a preview of Laputa's dub, which was to appear in 1999. This is obviously the past year, but the dub has finally been completed. And this is not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", only "Castle In The Sky" for dub, because Laputa is not such a nice word in Spanish (although they use the word Laputa many times throughout the dub). You probably heard this world-famous composer, Joe Hisaishi, who originally made the film, returned to great music with new arrangements. Laputa left in front of My Neighbor Totoro and Nausicaa from the Valley of the Wind, which started Studio Ghibli and is a long series of hits. In my opinion, I think that this is one of Miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson hidden in this two-hour and four-minute jewel. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages and I encourage everyone to watch it. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know the history of Castle in the Sky, they start at the very beginning and do not end in the next two hours. The story is so faultless and masterfully made, you see the real vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with one face who is kept in captivity by the government on the airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a long-lost civilization. The key to Laputa is the sacred pendant, which many people have, namely the government, the army and a group of pirates, the Doli gang (who later become friends with Sheeta and Pazu). Soon, the pirates will attack the ship and escape during the raid. It falls several thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to the pendant. As it flows from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives working in the mine, sees Sheet and catches her. They both become quick friends, but thanks to her pendant both are trapped in one big pass, while the Doli gang and the government try to capture Sheeta. One sequence of actions on the other, we learn all the motifs and identities of the characters, building emotional and full of accents climax, which will certainly please everyone with fantastic animation and great dialogue. Plus a bit winding surprise. I think that this movie is simply extraordinary and lasts for two hours and four minutes of working time. The story is great because we reach the top in Hayao Miyazaki's animation, which has no borders. The film setting is a combination of many periods. It seems that it takes place at the end of the nineteenth century, but it is an alternative universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also a surprisingly fun movie. The film has lots of funny moments, almost equal to the drama and movie action. I think the funniest part is the fight scene in which the head of Pazu will face the pirate and soon after the outbreak of riots. It's funny because we see that men compare their strength and music fits it perfectly. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about dub rates now. Excellent cast gives great performances to liven up these characters. James Van Der Beek, a teenager with a heart, plays the character of Pazu, who has a much more mature voice than in the Japanese version, where the original sounded more childish. Anyway, I think his voice suits Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner from "The Piano", plays Sheeta. It is also a good performance, but the voice is slightly uneven, does not stay true to one accent. Sometimes it sounds as American as apple pie, but sometimes it sounds like someone from New Zealand. However, I loved the performance of Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. This is not only a great performance, but the voice and emotions that give the hero really revive. If he had ever filmed a live Laputa movie (forbid G-d), then she could play it, you can just imagine her in the role (well, a little). Sam Luke Skywalker, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is the next best performance of Hamilla. You can be familiar with Hamill from a long line of voice work after he made the original Star Wars movies, but he makes the Muska full of evil. His voice sounds like his regular voice and Joker's mix, which he played in many episodes of the animated Batman series. At the end of the cast of voice actor Jim Cummings, who performs a great, rough job as a general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Doli gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me talk about what this dub special, the newly arranged music of Joe Hisaishi really is doing! For those who have never heard of him, Hisaishi makes music and like all of Miyazaki's films, the music is very memorable. Each of his scores has his own personality that fits the movie perfectly. Now these new arrangements he made are more "American", which I think was the purpose of new recordings. Do not worry, the classic melodies of the Japanese version are still in great shape. The score, for me, the sounds to be arranged like this is a Hollywood hit. It has more power, has more pressure, is clearer and deeper. The prologue of the film, the first seconds in which we get to know the airships, have new music (I'm not sure, but I believe that when we saw ships for the first time, there was no music at all). But most of the music has new backgrounds and more music in the background. Things seem to be very much strengthened. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. It is more calm in a quiet scene. In general, I think many of you will be happy with new arrangements and mixes, I've done it very well and personally I think it helps to improve the movie. I prefer a new result than the old one and I hope that Disney will release or license the rights to the full soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another advantage of dub is that history remains true and many original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I am sure that several lines have been changed, and in the same way, the lines have been changed. But most are close to or exactly in the original lines and dialogue Miyazaki wrote. I was afraid that some of the perfect lines would be massacred, but they were intact there. Several new lines have been added that help. But I'm not sure whether to consider it a good thing or a bad thing, Disney did NOT translate the ending song, but in Japanese. I was humiliated when they performed completely new songs on Kiki dub, but in this version it is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good that it's still original but bad because most people who see this dub speak English. <br /> <br /> There's a big side in this dub that deals with how voices fit the character's lip. Of course, in no dub it will not be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke dubbing the line to the match was much better done (and Disney had a little more time with this ...). Sometimes everything fits perfectly, sometimes does not fit, in rare cases someone says something, and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene in which Sheeta chuckles, and her lips do not move a bit). <br /> <br /> As for the movie itself, these are my thoughts. I thought that animation was the most amazing part of Laputa. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed that you just have to look with admiration. You see the true nature of each character, the real detail on the face thanks to extreme close-ups and actions. You have to admit a lot of money for the effort put by these animators in this movie. Everything is so well done and beautifully drawn that it resembles a moving work of art. And to think, it was done in the mid-eighties. Animation is different from Disney, Ghibli has its own characteristic flame, which is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors look as intense as ever. Laputa also has a lot of action sequences, many airfights and several on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so intriguing that it is frightening that they are comparable to a large budget action movie. And the finale is something you MUST see. The sound effects are clean and classic, they fit into explosions, shooting with weapons and everything else. And like all Miyazaki movies, each one focuses on a different topic (i.a. Kiki: Trust). This one has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not realize how greed can take you, and how having too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the main villian, Muska, shows it very well. <br /> <br /> In total, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie, and now it is improved for the most part. I am glad that the more popular audience now has the opportunity to see this classic animated film in all its glory. Thanks to the great cast of the voice, which put a lot into the movie thanks to the excellent note editing of Joe Hisaishi, Disney did a good job on this dub and is quite worthy. Although it seems to me that the voices fit the lips better in dubes Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney, Castle In The Sky is still a great dub and it is worth long delays, because now more can spend a fantastic movie.
