Regardless of what personal opinion Walerian Borowczyk may have, the grotesque but beautiful jewel "La bête" from 1975, it must be admitted that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. Erotic tale Borowczyk was for a long time forbidden in many countries and it is obvious why this controversial jewel fell victim to stunned movie censors. "La bête" is a fascinating mixture of an intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, fairly explicit eroticism and authentic strangeness that boldly refuses to compromise. The fact that bestiality (in a sense) is one of the main themes of the film certainly did not help the censors, but it made it very controversial and therefore known to a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), head of the French aristocratic family, arranged his somewhat mad son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young and beautiful daughter of a rich English family. Because of the old curse, Uncle Mathurina (Marcel Dalió) is totally against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French estate, Lucy is immediately fascinated by the portrait of Romyle's eighteenth-century ancestor (Sirpa Lane) and an old book depicting bizarre drawings. This story will soon turn into a bizarre dream of sexual fever ... Without giving away too much, I can say that fans of exceptional cinema should not consider skipping this movie. However bizarre it is, "La bête" is undoubtedly stunningly beautiful in terms of style, settings and photos. An atmosphere reminiscent of a fever dream is present inside and outside of the sequence of dreams. The forest estate and impressive family residence are great places, and the beautiful score and amazing cinematography create an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. Very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant nakedness of women, thrilling actresses) to seriously insane, and even a bit disgusting (close-ups on the genitalia of horses during intercourse, ...); in both cases it probably will not be forgotten. The whole cast of "La bête" is fantastic and everyone involved delivers great performances in eccentric characters (some of them are seriously insane). The film gains an exceptionally beautiful cast, be it Lisbeth Hummel at the helm, Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of AIDS in 1999). As ancestor in dream sequences, or relatively unknown but particularly thrilling actress Pascale Rivault, who plays an aristocratic daughter who is always able to have sex with a black servant in a cupboard. <br /> <br /> I deliberately do not give a full description of the most important parts of the story, because you just have to see how to believe. Some of the scenes are the weirdest ones ever caught on film, and scenes with the title "beast" definitely belong to them. Certainly not everyone has tea, but I highly recommend the controversial and unusual cinema to the fans. A real cult jewel!
