Polish filmmaker Walerian Borowczyk La Bête (French 1975, aka The Beast) is one of the most controversial and bold films ever made, and also very excellent. This film tells everything that was generally hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature, in particular about the symbolism and silence of her paintings. Pictures may look wild, perverted, "sick" or exciting, but all are related to the last mentioned. Sex, thirst and death are very strong and basic things and they dominate over the whole body that has a human soul in it. They are interested and tempting us so much (and our nature) that they are considered horrible, unacceptable and too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a French village to meet her husband, with whom she had an affair. Everyone is very exciting, and their parents and relatives are waiting impatiently for new people coming to their families. The innocence of a young bride is shining and no one knows what might happen, and he will wake up in the walls of a great and beautiful French residence, with all people and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something that the characters and most of the audience film, they never imagined that they were real and (before them). <br /> <br /> The film has the same theme as the Canadian debut of David Cronenberg Shivers (1975), which happens in a huge luxury building in which devastating and bloody parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and cause that people act furiously and violently in their lust for pleasure and fulfillment of instincts. Man has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will, and therefore these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of some other animal, beast, or lust for blood, revenge, sex and bodily pleasure. Humans are only animals that have intelligence and tools to pass them on, but because we are also animals, intelligence is not always used too much, which can be seen everywhere around us. The film opens up very and very shockingly for the majority of hypocritical attitudes, showing a horny male horse raging in fury, while waiting to enter the mare and continue the race, but the rage and visible lust that we see from his eyes and sudden movements are the key elements of this the beginning and why this is happening, not the approximation of organs that can be so easily stated. A horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in heat, which is much stronger than his will, because he has no control at this moment. The power of instinct makes the animal become a beast. <br /> <br /> After the memorable start, the characters are portrayed, and the film fantastically has all the necessary age groups in it, from small innocent children waiting for growing up and developing to their heyday, to adults and elders who all represent their own part life, creating the face of human life on the screen. The film does not necessarily need more characters in this way, because all of them are important there and represent the entire race, including residents of cities and villages, and both sexes. The residence arouses the heroine's sexuality when she sees horses joining and behaving as if she has never thought about it. For the first time, he sees something special and something that excites and feels that it is almost necessary for her and her body, like getting water when you're very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she lived unconscious of these things in herself, with her mother and camera and the boy from the letter, although things just waited for a moment to explode. The body craves the body, and it belongs to being human, but nevertheless, these things are not so easily accepted everywhere, and films like these try to present them as forbidden for decades? Man's stupidity and reluctance to interpret images can not be an argument for banning a film or otherwise violating it. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the movie are as important as the beginning and once again shows how powerful the cinema is without unnecessary words and conversation. When the girl and the audience realize what her body is beginning to feel and desire, she begins to have dreams of a mysterious beast that turns out to be nothing more than a dismembered form of ourselves, living in the forest without other people / animals around. The sequence of dreams is the one that causes and provokes most of the controversy along with the general simple and honest attitude of the film, and the images are so easy to judge as "perverse" and "pornographic", without the courage to delve into them, the reactions of characters and concealing thoughts for what we see. Images are exciting in her dream, and finally in a dream for a (more) human form of sleep, and Borowczyk forces us to admit to this with images that are so close to the "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman, which is a beautiful a thing and an expression of love, a different human need. Also numerous and cleverly humorous love for creating scenes in a residence, between a young mother and a black servant, are punctuated many times when someone yells for example about a servant, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young Body people together and interrupted by an angry an exclamation, at least, does not become more pleasant because of interruption. Borowczyk managed to paint his paintings so beautifully and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to understand, but nothing seems impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. Uses dialogue only when it is necessary, otherwise the images do their job and make the movie powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is there, because the body dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, dies. The ending is inevitable, but the meaning of the sequence of dreams could be just as powerful without this kind of dramatic and "revealing" ending. Another sorcerous element appears when we see shocked women from the city who flee from the place where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the court of truth about the body, us and them. The film reminds Story of the Eye of the French writer Georges Bataille about the same topics about eroticism, death and how they are always connected to the nature of our body. The book is well-written and fantastic, as well as the movie, and of course both have been accused of "too explicit" content and other equally remarkable shallow comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is also very beautiful visually, strictly honest, and nature and forest rarely looked as bright and shiny as in this film. The sun shines through the trees and into every place where people live, and the beauty of this is always present, but it is the same with the ugliness that comes from the inhabitants of the world. For each innocent white sheep in our world there is a selfish, evil and terrible beast, and therefore the intelligence we have received never seems to fully overcome the strength of our evil instincts and the other side of the sheep present in every human soul. It's about how many manage to maintain a passive and inactive dark side. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this intelligence and seeing which instincts are good and which are bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and the mortal and destructive circle created by it. Man is nothing more than an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and eaten in the background by things that feel better and more satisfying in each and every moment. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and clever magical cinema with a timeless motif, and an example of how much can be achieved by expressing and communicating to a filmmaker who is only a human being.
