OK ... this one is weird .... Honestly, I can not tell you all the inner threads of THE BEAST, because I started losing interest when nothing happened for the first 45 minutes or more - but wait, I'm sure "conquering" ... . <br /> <br /> The plot is associated with something like a monster in the forest, which some French aristocrat's chick backed up during the day. In the end you see "THE BEAST", which looks like a guy dressed in a giant costume with a rat bear with a dick attached to him. The scene takes place when an aristocrat runs through the woods in search of a lost sheep. The sheep ends dead and the woman is afraid. THE BEAST pops up, rapes the chick and shoots 400 gallons of spunk on her. Finally, the hatchling enjoys the "attention" of the beast, resulting in several innovative simulated sex scenes, including a disturbingly erotic foot masturbation scene in which the woman tugs the beast with his feet, while the monster shoots more huge loads everywhere (yes, I have a fetish foot fetish) - so let me ...) ... The whole film is told in flashbacks and long, weathered dialogue scenes that were rather tedious. "Shocking" but predictable ending ends with this amazingly strange film ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a movie that is difficult for me to judge. The cinematography itself catches the eye, and the sets, costumes and places are sophisticated. The plot is a bit intricate and it seems to take seriously what ends with such an involuntarily funny movie about the hatchling from which the rat rat leaves. Good piece of tits, butt and hairy French shrubs from the 70's to make up for the boring first half of the movie. I must honestly say that if it were not for the BEAST graphic scenes spackling in the whole virgin, this movie would be a real boredom - unless you like boring dialogues and some graphic sex of the horse (it starts with a VERY intimate and personal scene with two horse modes, including pulsing and covered spume a horse's vagina ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so strange and so refreshing change from the rest of the movie that I have to say that these scenes make up for what would otherwise be a real nap. I have to recommend it to anyone who thinks he saw everything - BEAST rape is really absent and something that can be seen. Also recommended to all fans of sflackały films from the 70s and 80s - this one is quite high with them. Worth seeing for you, the sick bestialists of rats and bears (like me) ... 8/10
