If, like me, you like to make your films unique and unlike most other movies, I totally recommend that you check The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy tale that focuses on the mythological "Beast", which apparently wanders around the French residence and covets women. The film is very daring due to its thematic material, and this is something that should be acknowledged. The subject of bestiality is a definite taboo and I can add it for a reason; but the film transfers it; simply and on the subject. Like other films that deal with the subject of taboo in their center, the Beast could circumvent it and force us to use our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not do it and is brave in this respect, especially since making such a movie will leave it open for any kind of criticism, but the fact that he went further with this, in my opinion, means big thumbs for a guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with the sequence in which the cocky male horse puts a woman in. The opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, in some respects, for the incredible power of eroticism they will just see. Scenes that see the beast's companion with a woman are unjustifiable and shocking, and will certainly offend many people (hence the reason why he was banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just a pretext for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; this film has a decisive point. As he said during the movie; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both man and animal have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The beast investigates this difference between man and beast through sexuality; the sequence of fantasies in which the beast appears, embodies control over human desire, and only when the central female figure is in control, can see the beast. The film has strong threads related to the eternal history of "beauty and the beast" and, in general, it is a shockingly morbid tale of desire, but not without morality. <br /> <br /> Many criticize the scenes around the shocking sex sequences of the movie for being boring, but these scenes are important for the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we would not know the heroes or the history of the beast, and most importantly; the history of "beauty and the beast" would not be able to treat the horrifying conclusion to the audience, and because it is one of the key elements of the film; That would be a real shame. In addition, Borowczyk provides the audience with entertainment in these scenes, not shakes, but dialogue and a higher class of family personality, together with beautiful shots of the residence area, would not be seen, and therefore a clear contrast between the events later in the film would not exist. <br /> <br /> In general, The Beast is a shocking movie. Presenting the taboo subject and shocking way it is presented will ensure that this film will not be for everyone. However, if you manage to get out of the shock of the movie and embrace the Beast; awaits for this skillful and beautiful work of art, which can not be missed by anyone who wants to give this film a chance.
