This is one of the weirdest movies I've watched recently. This is because it seems less like a movie and more like an experimental movie. The Kurasawa experiment consisted of taking various people who live in a rubbish dump and weaving their experiences into a tapestry that offers flashes of their generally raw lives. Not every episode is depressing and rough, but overall it is definitely tone. Let's see ... we have a case of incest / rape, attempted murder, wife's conversion, alcoholism, unfaithfulness, death of a small boy after eating contaminated fish, man with severe depression (he never talks during the movie and looks very scary), hopeless dreamer who probably diagnosed schizophrenia, mentally handicapped young man who thinks he is a conductor of a street car and spends all his lurking moments "driving" his street car through paths among piles of garbage, man married total shrew (I think I liked her figure even less than an incestuous rapist!) etc. etc. In fact, it is depressing enough that it seemed almost like the film of Ingmar Bergman in Japan because Bergman made MANY films that dealt with mental illness and the hopelessness of life. Is it weird that after taking this movie, Kurasawa tried to kill himself ?! Did I like it? No. It was not a fun experience. But it was a very well made movie that definitely attracted my attention, and I really wanted to see what happened to these people. It was a bit like watching a train wreck - you DO NOT want to see the whole slaughter, but you can not help but watch! With all the vignettes, I think that an older man who had a tendency to pay attention to everyone and who did not really fit in (he was too well adapted and wise to live in a garbage dump), perhaps Sam Kurasawa was supposed to represent. Maybe. I do not know. <br /> <br /> If you have seen various Kurasawa movies and you have a lot of tolerance for strange artistic films, give it a watch. However, do NOT make this first experience watching your movies - it will certainly scare off many viewers!
