Most people, thinking about Expressionist cinema, look at black and german films about the quiet and early sound eras - films that emphasized slanted angles, extreme contrasts of light and dark, exaggerated performances and sporadic uses of surrealism to create a dreamlike atmosphere to move away from traditional , naturalistic modes of film representation. If we are ready to accept that the Germans were not the only filmmakers who created expressionist cinema (and that the above-mentioned features are not a prerequisite for the expressionist film), I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a perfect example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Just like Dreams, DKD is a bit uncomfortable with Kurosawa's film parading, as it happens in an unrealistic way. However, DKD is also, unlike Dreams, a great movie and probably my favorite photo of Kurosawa. Why? Mainly I think it's colors. It was, I think, the first colorful film by Kurosawa, and the man saturates the film with vivid primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We've got used to neon lights and shining skyscrapers in Tokyo; we are not used to a city that seems to be colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I mentioned before, a special movie, because many of its heroes live in a scrap yard that seems to live in an alternative universe. I mean, they are outsiders from Tokyo, people left behind during the great movement after World War II. The film is also one of the more cordial Kurosawa films; there is an authentic sentiment and real pathos (such as when the boy's father describes his dream home). It is an extremely moving film from a man more familiar with the stunning views of John Ford and samurai. Everyone should know that Kurosawa has such a moving and thought provoking film (Ikiru announces emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will also argue, to the last, that this is the greatest achievement of Kurosawa. His samurai films, although capable, pales in comparison to Kobayashi's works (Hara-kiri is the largest, most intelligent samurai film intended for celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are great movies, but they are just good (and honestly, I think the word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, just like Ikiru. They are crown jewels that show that Akira was not a single samurai pony. They reveal his artistry and cinema championship.
