If there was anything Akira Kurosawa made a mistake by doing Dodes'ka-den, he did it with the partnership he created with the "four knights" (the other three are Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a great hit that would initiate their partnership, and Kurosawa, probably the main character of the group, presented an abstract, humanistic film about art with characters living in a decimated slum in which many of his heroes grappled with dark tragedies. If he did it in a more independent way or went to another studio, which he knows, but for this reason, among other financial and creative misfortunes, also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of the day, as a artist, Kurosawa did not stop delivering what is infamous in his dramas: the power of the human spirit in the face of adversity. The fact that his background is a little more unusual than most, should not be ignored, but it is not Kurosawa's fault. <br /> <br /> The material in Dodes'ka-den absorbs, but not in the way usually found in the director, and mainly because it is driven by the hero instead of the story. There are things that happen to these people, and the challenge of Kurosawa is to interweave them into a coherent whole. The character, which starts in the picture, is quite strange (although luckily, because there is no room for him to develop), it is Rokkuchan, a child-brain that is damaged all day and sounds the train ("click" title) only sometimes he stops praying for his mother. But then we branch out: there is a father and a son, the other one who gathers food and the first one who continues with descriptions of his dream home; the older man has a look of death for him, and later we find out that he has lost much more than he will say to most people, including the woman who has a past with him; a shy, calm woman who works in captivity of her adopted father (or uncle, I'm not sure) who rapes her; and a quiet guy in a suit who has a continuous ass and a big wife - to those who are sociable. <br /> <br /> There are also small markers of people around these characters, like two drunks who keep stumbling every night, like clockwork, putting heavy demands on their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) exchanging them! And the bike is a nice seller of sake, who has a sweet but strange relationship with a shy calm woman. And of course there is a group of gossiping ladies who are squatting around a waterhole in the middle of the slums, let alone someone too nice, unless it's about something erotic with a guy. The first thing to notice is how Kurosawa sets the picture; it is a bit post-apocalyptic, it does not look like any specific time or place (that is, until we see modern cars and streets in several shots). It is a marginalized society, but these people's fears are tragic and they are to be deconstructed by the dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa tries to analyze the ruined emotions of people, with one scene, especially when a deadly-looking man who has empty, sad eyes, sits in silence, tearing the canvas as the woman agrees. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there is charm and even laughter with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps ironically, small moments with Rokkuchan (especially with the Kurosawa cameo as a painter on the street), or awkward silence with a man with tics of face. But while Kurosawa allows his actors to make a bit of improvisation, his camera movements still remain as they always are - patient but vigilant, with broad compositions and claustrophobic shots, painting visions and faces, sometimes with silent drama stylization, meaning crying. Among these sometimes bizarre and touching stories, with some of them (eg Father and son in the car) particularly sad, Kurosawa illuminates his film and designs a color scheme, as his first in Eastmancolor, as if he was one of his paintings. It's lush, spreading, sometimes spilling out, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it is as if abstraction accelerated on the stage, where things look alive, but underneath are much darker. It is a brilliant, insidious two-edged sword that allows for sleep-like intonations with such a heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With the sweet result of the "film" of Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran) and excellent performances and a few indelible scenes in the entire fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is in a way a small work of the director, but despite it's almost perfect on its own terms, which, as in the case of many of Kurosawa's dramas, such as Ikiru and Red Beard, keeps hard truths about the human condition without too much sentimentality.
