Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon have made two films together in two years. One of them is considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the movie that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon her best role in the performance): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The second is the film that was made in England a year earlier. THE DIVORCE OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (as WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, a dynamic advocate, but also a total misogynist. One night he checks the hotel right in front of a crowd of people. It is a very foggy night (a kind of fog made of pea soup, which London was known to for the notorious "deadly" fog in the 1950s), and the crowd (who attended a party at the hotel) needs beds. The management is trying to get Logan to let one or two of the women socialize sleep on the couch and couch in his rooms, but he refuses. But he did not count with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The granddaughter of the Supreme Court Judge, she manages to get into Logan's room and manipulate him so that he not only agrees to sleep there, but he appropriates the bed (he goes to the couch - to his discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they share breakfast with each other, and in spite of the fact that despite their distrust of women, Logan thinks Leslie is very attractive. But she cat refuses to give him his name. She is determined to learn more about him, and his attitude towards women annoys. In the meantime, Logan as a potential client approaches the wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere). He suspects that his wife, Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes), has an affair. In fact, Logan tells her that her Ladyship was with her lover in a hotel about which Logan knows he was in a foggy night. Logan (naturally) leaps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go into the story any more, except that Leslie finally realizes what Logan has committed, and decides to use it to teach him a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has the impression of Wodehouse's novel, but it is smaller. Even so, performances by Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are wonderful. It shows what a good cast can do with even the smallest materials. Look at some of the smaller scenes to see what I mean: the first scene of Selden, complaining about his weak coffee to his footman / valet, who tells him properly (they have been used to their personalities for years). Or Olivier, who is dealing with a young clerk in his office, who is sure that in the office two Lady Meres two minutes ago (former, but Oberon and Barnes stayed together) and end up in the fact that the poor clerk is a boor. Or a waiter in a hotel who does not understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from a man to a woman in a man. As I mentioned, a small, cute comedy - but it's very cute.
