Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> As little I know about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it appeared for the first time as a popular manga in the 70s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is in the same cosmic Star Wars universe as the other famous manga Matsumoto: HARLOCK CAPTAIN. In fact, the cosmic pirate Harlock and other characters from this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) appear in GE999. GE999 turned out to be a success as a manga, and soon after it appeared a popular series of anime, which contained over 100 episodes. It was aired in 1978. A year later came this anime movie, which is not a continuation of the series, but summarizes the main points of the story in a two-hour movie. <br /> <br /> The story takes place in an unidentified future like Star Wars, where traveling to different planets has become possible. People of the future can themselves have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, and perhaps even eternally. The hero, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy who is a witness to how the cruel count Mecha, whose whole body is made up of mechanical parts, kills mother Tetsurô. Tetsurô swears vengeance and is convinced that this can only be achieved through a mechanical body. To get it, he must go to a distant planet with a Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, because Tetsurô is from poverty, there is no money to get a road ticket. By chance coincidence she meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who reminds his dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket for Tetsurô on the condition that he accompanies him on the move. And so the journey begins? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie for the first time in October, about six months from now and yesterday. I feel that I must first say what worries me the most about this film: it seems very hasty. And then, what can you expect from a two-hour movie that tries to describe the main points of over 100 episodes of a long series? Whatever the case, situations change at high speed, and Tetsurô meets other important characters in history, mainly due to chance. I believe creators should leave something or take an additional 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> There is no argument, however, that GE999 deserved its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, very faithful to the Matsumoto manga style, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even after almost 30 years from the premiere, the animation has not become "outdated", but many shamefaced anime films put in front of you. Music throughout the movie is pleasant to listen to, even if it is a bit "old" nowadays (in the late 70's). I have not heard any English dub of this movie, so I can only comment on a Japanese sound that is good. Voice actors give their lives to their protagonists, the most memorable one is Masako Nozawa (known mainly as Goku's voice throughout the Dragon Ball saga) as an excited young Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as a calm and mysterious Maetel. Supporting characters are not left in the shadows, but they also have their own life, the most memorable for me is the waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable both for those who are looking for entertainment for a few hours, and for those who are trying to find deeper news. GE999 is a fun adventure film, but it can also be seen as a Tetsurô journey from childhood to masculinity. The whole film is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think that many people can refer to Tetsurô, because despite the elements of fantasy is a very realistic character: young, hot, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the differences between people and machines and comes to the conclusion whether he wants a mechanical body or not. On the other hand, Maetel remains a mystery in the film and even in the end, when he reveals who he is and what he really is, he does not respond to anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream of an adolescent young man, always close but out of reach. <br /> <br /> It's strange, but the beautiful relations between Tetsurô and Maetel still arouse conversation and questions, and fascinate after decades. People argued that their relationship is with two friends, with their mother and son or with two possible lovers (which raises a lot of criticism because the age of Maetel is unknown, and Tetsurô has not yet reached puberty). Without any means to sound deep, I think the best time to describe them is "soul mates". There is no doubt that they both feel devotion, care and love for each other, but they go beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think if their accounts were stuffed into any of these categories, it would take something out of the whole movie and character. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very moving and unforgettable. <br /> <br /> In total, despite the rush of the story and a few nasty scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 takes its place as an anime classic among films such as AKIRA Katsuhiro Otomo (1988) and GHOST IN THE SHELL Mamoru Oshii (1995). The director of the film is Rintaro, who had previous experience with the work of Leiji Matsumoto, because he worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro directed the wonderful METROPOLE (2001), which also questions the difference between people and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen by at least one anime fan.
