I came across this a few years ago while surfing the canals on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a shoddy TV movie from the 1970s, the direction and result were well enough to attract attention and I was really addicted and had to watch it to the end. Recently, I got the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this movie (oops, I did not notice that this national finally came out a few months earlier) and was very pleased to see it again (and in full). <br /> <br /> I do not fully understand this phenomenon, but somehow the 70's seem to block horrors that are really scary. The decades before the 1970s brought some beautifully made films and most of our permanent horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not really. Similarly, in the 1970s, we've got horrors that are cooler, more exciting, have much better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, are more fun, more fun, have effective moments of "jump" and some very creative uses of gore, but again ... They are not really scary! In the climate of the 70's horror movies, there is something like that. The quality of the granular film. Terribly dark scenes unlit by extensive modern lighting devices. "Edge of dreamland" suppressed the quality of dialogue and strange and violent EQ results. A strange sense of unease and ugliness penetrating everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the 70s movies in the case of horror works in his favor. <br /> <br /> In this film, quiet, intense shots of a devilish dog staring at people are quite annoying. Much more effective than if they went the more obvious way that the dog growls, slavish and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). The creators of the film wisely keep it when the dog appears in a supernatural form. The effects, when this happens, though not obscured by today's standards, gave me shivers. Bizarre, vaguely defined, "I'm not quite sure what I look at" looks intuitive, more like what a real supernatural vision would look like, and not a hyper-true, crystal-clear optical printer / digital sweet composer of horror films of the last days. <br /> <br /> While the human characters in this film are not as satisfactorily rendered as their nemesis or the world they live in, the actors do a decent job. Linking brother and sister from the films "Witch", yes, brother and sister, is quite a bad piece of stunt casting, but it's all right. Yvette Mimieux can always have fun if it's not spectacular. Richard Crenna earns more and more empathy as the film progresses. His self-doubt when he wonders if the strangeness of his family is really caused by a supernatural intrigue or whether he simply succumbs to paranoid schizophrenia is quite well treated, although his idea that routine physical activity can be an explanation of what he is experiencing is absurd in its naivety. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie type "The-End-Question-Mark" is one of those that I saw, which do not seem like a cheap gadget, and actually made me think about the choices that these characters will have to make face next and what they will probably do and how they feel about it. <br /> <br /> The critics of this movie may say that it is just a full-length vehicle for some neato glowing volleyball shots, but hey, you can say the same about "Blade Runner". :-)
