In what is most likely to be on my list of the best Fuller movies (that is, when I see more of them, only this and Shock Corridor), Pickup on South Street is a noir movie in which the femme fatale, as well as the male hero, are not stereotypical in the genre. Like most of his other songs, Fuller injects his own experiences and sense of New York style, which is not usually present in Hollywood noirs. With a small budget - at least for people like Darryl F. Zanuck-Fuller and his actors create personalities that are nice even in such a dark atmosphere. Good guys are basically those who will not violate you, even if they are looking for an extra zloty. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter are wonderful in the leading parts. Widmark is one of the few actors I can think of who could really pull this character away. He's a bit like Bugs Bunny, because he can be a wise asshole who's a bit tricky. On the other hand, the character of Skip McCoy has a set of values ​​in his life. He does not get involved in the affairs of other people and does not care about most of the world of work outside his small cottage on the river, after being sent back for three years. He pauses, not knowing when he catches the woman (Peters) on the train and lifts the object under the guidance of the government. It can have some secrets that can make a lot of money. But at what cost is the central element of the film, because it involves the stool Moe (Ritter is one of the best and most reliable actors of the characters from this period), a former woman (unstable Kiley) and the police department. br /> <br /> In addition to the thematic elements that are narrated with a vivid, dramatic journalistic style (similar to Fuller's previous position together with the boxer), the dialogue is fresh and engaging. In many movements of the Fuller camera there is spontaneity. And what a third act. This is a slim, tight film noir, which is worth checking out even if you are not familiar with Fuller (it is relatively less bizarre than some of his later works).
