Samuel Fuller brings his usual and stylish direction to this dingy, plump story and manages to create one of the undiscovered jewels from the 50's cinema. Richard Widmark plays a tough guy (role which he perfected the course of many films) , which kidnaps the wallet of a young lady (Jean Peters) in the New York subway, and with it a piece of very desirable microfilm. This is 1953, so of course the microfilm is owned by Commie spies, who will stop at nothing to retrieve it. When the girl arrives at the Widmark shack, sent by an aggressive boy to retrieve the movie, Widmark senses the opportunity to shake her and her "companions" for a lot of money. The story thickens, people start dying, and Widmark and Peters fall in love with each other. <br /> <br /> Fuller deals with the awkward love story, but more with a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction. It's like having a love story under duress, so he made it deliberately unbelievable because love stories have always been and still are in Hollywood movies. Peters gives remarkable results as a tough New Yawk cookie, partly a minor gangster and some damna in danger. When violence occurs against her, we sincerely care for her well-being and this is typical of renegade Fuller, ahead of her style, that a happy ending is not necessarily predetermined. <br /> <br /> But the ultimate success of "Pickup on South Street" rests on the world-weary arms of Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a feisty woman who earns money in any way, whether it's selling ties or acting as a police informer. Ritter gives the results of his career; in a breathtaking monologue he gives, without referring directly to him, the whole sad trajectory of his character's life and the hopelessness he feels, waking up every morning in the world of war, crime and hardships. It's as if every character that Ritter has ever played coincides for a short while to vent all the emotions that have not been given the chance to respond in these other films. The stage is the culmination of Fuller's film and the climax of 50's cinema, period. <br /> <br /> Class: A +
