This film is a spicy, small film by Sam Fuller, which gives Richard Widmarkowi opportunity to show his best, most nervous actors in the role of Skip McCoy, a petty thief who finds a military secret by choosing a beautiful pocket of Candy's (Jean Peters) on a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy was doing a favor for his (former) boyfriend who works for "communists". <br /> <br /> At first glance, there's a secret about Candy's motives, and Skip spends most of the movie specifying her motives? In fact, it seems that he initially assumes that he is "communism", going so far as to pour beer into his face in a heartless gesture. But the real question is ?? What happens to Skip? What are his motives and why does Candy like him so much? Why do we (the audience) like him so much? Essentially, what the filmmakers did here was to create a very effective "male fatale" in the form of Widmark and his performance. Just like the male audience has a tendency to think about the length of a movie such as "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" together with the main characters, whether the heroine is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the creators of the film created here a similar problem for viewers . Widmark is handsome, and his boyish ingratitude also has a charm? but for the first time he meets our leading lady, robs her and then hits her face. Ultimately, the question becomes? Will Skip come down so low to sell his country for pennies (his comments to the police, such as "waving a flag to ME?" or do you suspect it will be like this) or maybe just revenge for the murder of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter )? I'm not sure if the video gives us a conclusive answer anyway. <br /> <br /> Work on the heroes of Thelma Ritter deserves special attention? she created a really indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "business"? in the form of physical objects she uses to attract the audience to her world, especially her used bonds. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be a scene with Victor Perry (an actor I saw elsewhere, with less effect) using Candy intimidation sticks. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip provides one of the most revealing motives of "honor among thieves". In fact, Skip has the same ease and the same kind of free relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Captain Tigris (Murvyn Vye), who has a grudge against him. I loved the scene in which he invited the names of the cops and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up in his hut. These are the details that make this movie real? regardless of whether it is really "realistic" or whether it matters, there are completely separate questions. <br /> <br /> In total, I would say that it is an indispensable crime film that displays many of the best and most enduring features of the movie school "film noir". Predictable plot is distorted by lots of colorful characters (uniformly well-made), cheap sets are masked by the unabating pace of the film, and the final product seems much more significant than probably. This is the best movie I have ever seen Sam Fuller and helps me better understand why he is considered the main director? here he did some things that I think he tried, but eventually he did not make it in other movies like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" when it comes to very strong acting styles and really thrilling tension. This is one of my favorite performances of Widmark, which I have seen so far? Widmark was a talent that I would like to say (based on some amazing movies that I saw with him) was comparable to Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he probably did not do so many classic films.
