"Shock Corridor (1963)" was my first film from Samuel Fuller, and there I was impressed by the director's careful connection with film B and the aesthetics of a big budget, even if the story itself was pure schlock. "Pickup on South Street" (1953) "was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously produced on a larger budget than the famous Twentieth Century-Fox studio. Nevertheless, visualizations are still noteworthy because there is a somewhat harsh, naturalistic element of photography, not unlike "Dassin's Night and City" (1950) and "Panic on the Streets" (1950) Kazana cinematographer Joe McDonald}. In some scenes Fuller moves the camera so close to the faces of the actors that they are blurred, bluntly record intimate thoughts, emotions and short variations that are transmitted by the most revealing facial features, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) inclined to melodrama and with a hint of anti-communist propaganda, "Pickup on South Street" is a strong film noire that excellently manages the evocation of scenography? the underground of New York. <br /> <br /> When the pickpocket from the prison, Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) grabs a woman's handbag in the subway (Jean Peters), puts in more than he "d originally bargained. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) smuggled secret information to the communists, and McKoy unexpectedly recovered an important roll of micro-film. Will he incorporate MacGuffina into the relevant authorities or sell it to the bidder who offers the highest price? If "Pickup on South Street" has a flaw, this story seems to be designed solely to reinforce the anti-communist agenda, a stink of propaganda like that since World War II. Dwight Taylor, who provided the story, in particular wrote The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only propaganda film in the series}. For no apparent reason, any identifiable nature? even happy with yourself Skip McCoy ?? eventually becomes a sacrificial patriot, a predictable transformation from the very beginning. In a traditional film noir, an unappetizing criminal always receives his success, a rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when serving his country; patriotism wipes the slate clean. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor I'm really fond of, plays with a haughty pickpocket who's cool, but always with that bit of malaise that suggests he's chewing more than he can chew. The opening scene on the train is the best in the movie because McCoy is breathless and silently catching in his victim's bag, recalling the "Bresson Pouch" (1959). Thelma Ritter is great as a tired street woman who will give information to anyone who wants to pay for it (although, of course, he draws a line at Commies). Jean Peters is well-mannered as a shoddy young lady who sends information to the other side, playing a virtually unattractive role; Fuller reportedly threw the actress on the observation that he has a slightly arched leg prostitute. Nevertheless, Peters has to suffer from the imaginary romance of Widmark, which really lowers the realism of the film. It is fascinating that after the release of "Van on South Street" was immediately condemned by the FBI as a communist propaganda, and the Communist Party condemned her for being exactly the opposite. Conjecture.
