This epic of Cecil B. DeMille on the Old West contains what may be the best representation of Jean Arthur, as hysterical, eccentric, incurably amoral, but devotedly captivated by Calamity Jane. She really downloaded it! Gary Cooper is the least silent, but he manages sporadic novels: "The plains are large, but the paths cross ... sometimes." History is a pastiche to end all pastiche. All the cowboy heroes of Western tradition seem to be there, except for Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens this story in person (at least DeMille wants us to believe it). There is no room for something as subtle as subtlety, it is a "massaging" story for the masses. The extraordinary thing about this film, however, is that it is a very early full frontal attack on what Eisenhower finally called a "military industrial complex". This is not just a story about weapons runners, but about arming everyone with money, and from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave it to DeMille, who can be sure it's superficial. The main interest of this film all these years is that it uses the first film score of George Anthel, who has much to say about this work in his autobiography "Bad Boy of Music". Antheil seems to have initiated the "great sound" adopted in all later westerns, where plains sing with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating open spaces and intertwining melodies together. That's why it does not sound unusual at all, because we've heard it a thousand times. It seems, however, that he was the first who called the rustle of the whole sage into this symphony of open skies, which entered into American mythic knowledge, and gave him a soundtrack that has never changed since then, however it may be, but undoubtedly appropriate. It's funny to see Anthony Quinn at an early stage as Cheyenne Indians. Gabby Hayes is out there somewhere, but you miss him in the crowd. Gary Cooper overtakes them all, looming in large sizes, - but when did he ever emerge?
