The excellent PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, by Sam Fuller, is a selection of a few early-media vehicles with a low budget. PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET has a length not exceeding 80 minutes, it is hard, rough, explosive and infinitely funny. <br /> <br /> Widget stars as pickpocket Skip McCoy, which has already been picked up three times. However, McCoy can not stop his wandering fingers from troubles and troubles, exactly what he sneaks into when he reciprocates the wallet of gangster moll Candy (Jean Peters). The Candy portfolio contains a microfilm roll invaluable to the communist movement and this is her last job for Richard Kiley's former boyfriend who is to make the delivery. However, when Widmark raises it, Peters must do everything to re-pick up the film he (initially) knows nothing about. <br /> <br /> This is a tasty setting, with the character of Widmark, not psycho KISS OF DEATH, a real live concert, unpredictable and difficult, and at the same time extremely charming. When Bogart or Mitchum entered the role of a movie noir, you knew what you would get: a lonely antihero holding his moral integrity and winning in the end (Bogart) or a too laconic guy who lets himself be trapped (Mitchum). Thanks to Widmark, you just do not know what you will get, and thanks to the incredibly modern style of the game (his films always keep good) is amazing. Here he is torn between recording for himself, selling a film, or passing it to the police and fighting "communists" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend he never attacked Peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his page. <br /> <br /> Peters wins his best role as a Candy Moll with the heart of gold. Unpredictability Widmark is probably best expressed in his scenes with Peters; a wonderful wanderer quickly (and rather unbelievably - the affair is rather hasty) falls into the spell of Widmark, however, Widmark alternately kisses her or pats her. Peters' enormous beauty, but lack of varnished Hollywood Glamor (Lana Turner would never be good in this role) is the main asset of the film. Candy is not innocent, and yet she is very sensitive, constantly passing between men. Widmark knocks her down during the first meeting and wakes her up, pouring her face over with beer, but in the last act she is much more sensitive to her (after she hunts for hell with Kiley). The hospital scene with Peters and Widmark should not work, but this is happening. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as Moe's stool, deserving of an Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is rough, real and heart-rending. Her death scene is stunning. Particularly interesting are Fuller camera movements and location settings. Fuller loved the close up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of awkward, tight shots that only increase the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid that the camera will stay in the picture longer than the standard Old-Hollywood really allowed, but it strangely pulls away from the death scene of Ritter to give the viewer maximum effect. Municipal premises and unusual, confronting camera angles give PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold, uncompromising modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
