Samuel Fuller is not one of the great American directors. I'm not sure if he qualifies as one of Hollywood's great craftsmen. But it certainly ranks there with the best real Hollywood pros who were ready to march to their own music. While he was working in Hollywood studios, he knew how to do the job, shape the average material passed on to him, and then quickly and efficiently transform it into something usually better than its parts ... on time and on budget. An example is the reception on South Street. At first glance, this is another anti-communist film from the early 1950s in Hollywood, with appeals to patriotism, a hard hero and a slimy (and abundantly sweating) bad guy. Fuller turns this bag of Hollywood stereotypes into a tight, exciting drama with any number of unexpected twists. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a three-time loser, a small cheater with soft fingers that does not change his straps to the very end. The candy girl, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to cross if you're so inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Moe Williams, is a stool. And in an unusual approach to the fight between Hollywood and the communists, appeals to patriotism are falling on the deaf; the hero is not motivated by anything so ennobling. He simply wants revenge for a personal reason and ends ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all actors were mainly assigned to Fuller's studio. He had to do it. Richard Widmark has already established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. It gives a beautiful portrait of a sexy and stupid woman, and no better boys than her friends ... or her clients ... they want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who later became a two-time Tony star on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It is hard to remember that he was the actor who asked us, I mean "The Impossible Dream" Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this story about the pickpocket who chooses a purse in a subway car and he finds microfilmed secrets instead of cash, pursued by federal and communists, he moves straight with great economics. The entire venture with a classic noir look takes only 80 minutes. The dialogue in which Fuller is a screenwriter has this party, bold, partly sharp style of hard-core literature. "This cupcake you caught ... is alright," says one of the characters to skip Candy. Fuller takes us fast enough from the stage to the stage to keep us on our feet. Then Fuller casts Moe Williams. Suddenly, the story develops to a completely new level of interest, partially comedic relief and partly sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> What I like the most about the film is how it openly shows Fuller's talents and strengths. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the subtitles, Fuller is able to immediately turn on the video to determine what this story is about for us and show us what characters - Skip and Candy - we will be involved in. And he does it with such curious curiosity in this hot, packed subway wagon that we can almost feel that Fuller sets a hook to catch us. <br /> <br /> Says Glenn Erickson, in my opinion, one of the best film critics, "In what should be an irrelevant story, Sam Fuller defines his particular view of Americanism from below: a stiff, aggressive self-interest, which in fully expressed, he acknowledges what is bad and what is right and is not afraid to fight for it, as always in his work, people who struggle the most difficult for their country, are least exposed to this effort. "He's right, and that makes the movie still alive after 55 years.
