Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant films in history. Example of direction: When Candy (Jean Peters) begins to go through her purse and notices that she is missing a wallet, in the background in the building where she is located, an alarm sounds - as if the alarm appeared in her head. It is not similar to cartoons - subtly woven into the background in a way that strikes you at the subconscious level until you see the movie several times and just clicks, that when it starts frantically the alarm bell will ring through its bag. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark is at the forefront of his game as wise alec - he's really great - but the great performance of the movie was the first scene for "Moe", a street merchant / informer, played by Thelma Ritter. Later in your apartment you do not see a movie - you see a real person. I have never seen anyone "behave" so real that I felt like I was looking into a real room until Ritter's performance - up to the way her hair stuck out a bit when she took off her hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things * just worked, thanks to the way Lightning Louie collects money with chopsticks in the way she clicks Candy candy when she rejects Moe's hand from her brooch, the way she Maybe he's getting dollars and changing the police captain in the FBI guy's chest - or even the way the captain opens his filing cabinet, as if he's been doing it this way for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is a detailed movement (direction) with excellent performances (acting) and wonderful, nostalgic visualizations of the day, such as a truck with panels, boards leading to a water hut, dumbbells, and an unforgettable place Skip stash his pocket money. Great things. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few films in which even though the characters are not perfect, you care about them - perhaps because they have been somewhat under the brand name of their past in a difficult way to escape: Skip as a "three-time loser", and Candy as a young woman who "knocked" very often. When these people behave a little worse than you would expect, it is something of innovative ways that make you seem to be looking at people you can never imagine - and yet you know that they are possible because the actors make them so recognizable people.
