After the failure of The Crusades at Cecil B.'s box office, DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years concerned our history from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in production order was the movie in which Gary Cooper appeared as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (as usual a villain) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians fighting at Little Big Horn. Black characters were led by Charles Bickford (selling arms to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). <br /> <br /> Essentially, the film takes history of the United States after the Civil War. Lincoln is shown at the beginning, talking about what is the next step that Lee gave up. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more on this later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. April 14 Abe had to be very busy - in "Virginia City" pardoned Errol Flynna at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same day. <br /> <br /> In fact, while Lincoln was concerned about the West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency concerned the unification of former Confederate states and its citizens in the Union as soon as possible. His attention was caught by the Reconstruction, not the West (with the exception of Maximilian's problems and his French forces controlled in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent a disgraced general John Pope, a loser from Second Manassas, to Minnesota to suppress the serious Indian war of the Sioux (the novel of McKinley Kantor's "Sprit Lake." Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, proved to be quite effective here, and the revolt was destroyed. <br /> <br /> However, with all Lincoln's real attention to Western problems, it is doubtful to say (as Cooper repeats at least once): "The border should" There is nothing to say that no he could say that, but it's not a profound statement from a leading statesman, as Teddy Roosevelt said, "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." This is not a deep policy statement. At best, a statement about a recognizable fact: Cooper transforms him in a smaller mantra, like Doctrine Lincoln's Monroe version, is ridiculous ... typical of the way the DeMille scripts really have that common sense errors in them. <br /> <br /> This is not ruinous istake m. "The Plainsman" is an adventure film and as such has the full benefit of DeMille as the creator of the show. As such it is worth watching. But not as a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his quotation.
