Kim Basinger plays the role of Della, a housewife who has twin children (Terri and Tammi-played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abusive moron for her husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The film begins on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, he also drives a nice car. He is on his cell phone who is arguing with my business partner. When he returns home, he sees that there is a mess on the floor with shoes and toys spread out. It makes him even more annoyed and goes to his wife, Dalia, asking her why the house is always a mess. He pushes her to the wall. A twin watch with stairs. He hits the wall, leaving a hole in it and walks away. It tends to children, trying to comfort them. After all this was said that he must go to the mall and do the shopping at the last minute, because there is no paper for packaging. It gets there and the parking lot is full because there are a lot of buyers at the last minute. When looking for a parking space, he notices a car occupying two spaces and it annoys her. Finally, he finds a place to park, approaches a Hoggian car and leaves a note under the doormat, calling the owner a "selfish jerk." Then he goes to the mall to shop at the last minute. <br /> <br /> When he finally leaves the shopping center, it's already closed and many people have already left. However, no car owner left a note and notices it on the way to his vehicle. She also notices that there is no note left that she has left under the doormat. Strange. When he reaches his vehicle, he goes in to start it. He notices that the car drives up behind her and prevents her from backing away. He gets out of the car only to face the car owner (Chuckie-played by Lukas Haas). She left a note and a pile of his bandits. There is a scream and a policeman from the mall (no, not Paul Blart) approaches them to see what the problem is, just to let his brain fly out of Chuck's mind. When this happens, Della jumps into the vehicle, starts it and goes through the middle in front of her. Chuckie and his posse jump into the car and chase him. Della ends up breaking her vehicle into a pile of wood in a housing estate, but it is intact. She manages to get to the back of her vehicle, open a hatchback and catch a toolbox before the bandits get there. <br /> <br /> Therefore, Della spends the rest of the night trying to surpass the thugs armed only with the tools she has in the toolbox as a weapon. The first kill, in my opinion, is the best. The first killer who performs Dell. The latter was probably the weakest and should be the best, considering that he was the main bad guy she let go. <br /> <br /> I admit that there will be those that will be put off, buy a tip and let me down a bit. All in all, it was a nice movie and moves nicely in 1 hour and 20 minutes.
