ATTENTION, SPOILER! <br /> <br /> Many people have told me that the "Planet of the Apes" was Tim Burton's worst film and, besides, much weaker than the original film. So I decided not to see it. Another friend of mine who has not seen the film yet, advised me to watch it, even though "Tim-Burton's film is still Tim Burton's film". I decided to do it and I found he was right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that the remake of such a well-known film as "Planet of the Apes" is automatically inspired by commercial thinking. In spite of that, Tim Burton dealt with his film, presenting his bizarre playfulness as well as "Beetle juice" or "Batman". If you like movies with Burton, it's hard not to like one of his films, even if it has some disadvantages: the nerve-screeching squeaks of monkeys, grazed monkeys and a leading actor who could easily be replaced by someone else. <br /> <br /> What the movie gives us is the answer to the question: what is the result when Tim Burton receives the command to create a remake? First, Burton would not have been Burton if he had not refused to call him a remake from the beginning; this is "re-imagining". On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer of his film saw the first version of the movie with Charlton Heston (as a man) and knows that the remake does not exist without his model and that both films will not stop being compared. So everything he does is play with this comparison at every moment of his movie, e.g. sol. referring to quotes. When it comes to the story, Burton does a great job, first responding to the open questions of the original, and then pushing the entire audience to despair, destroying this wonderful brightness and ending the movie ?? WHAT A SPOILER IS HERE? Leo returns to earth and finds himself in a world that seems to be ruled by monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Now this is a burtone response to the expectations of the people they have because of the amazing, shocking ending of the first "Planet of the Apes". Ending, even more unexpected, more amazing and: totally confusing, because ?? and here I disagree with various home pages and platforms Planet of the Apes? it does not make sense. It can not be meaningful to him or so complicated that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays his cruel games, he does it with a smile and he does it well. Burton fans will surely like each other, others may feel betrayed and complain about manners. Well, I do not think that producers ever asked Burton to make a remake again.
