Gordon Parks, a prolific photographer from the Black Life magazine, made a real gourd from a movie that does not spin! Based on the true story of the two New York cops - later called Batman and Robin - who have used their own radical tactics to clean up their drug habit, it is a policeman's buddy film before the term became a repetitive formula. The lightning continues, there is no irrelevant throwing scene. <br /> <br /> Man, in the early 70s NYC had to be a terrible place for a police officer, in the appearance of such films and "Serpico". These two cops start as debutants in the security department, in free time destroying merchants in civilian territory. But instead of receiving applause from the municipal police, they receive only resistance and antagonism from their peers. They must independently navigate in the minefield of police and legal corruption, depressed tasks aimed at stopping them from working on the streets, ruthless drug kings and a nasty district of the ghetto. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in running; part of the entertainment is watching Leibman's eyes madly spinning in every scene in a flawless comic performance, and Selby's acting is weak and crooked. These two things make all comedic aspects of the plot work - showing tangible frustration mixed up with bold determination. Director Parks, already known for his controversial subjects in his photography, does not avoid the acrimony of the story. The film is uncompromising in presenting the hardness of the police world and street criminals living in these two men. Add to this realism the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisers of the film, and even appear in surreal roles as two officers who ridicule the heroes. It is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parks, which he manages to perfectly balance this depressing mile with a bright comedy. <br /> <br /> Why MGM / UA allows you to sit on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving it home video or DVD in the US? This is a small masterpiece from the 70s.
