Before Crash came, there was this interesting movie called the Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the previous movie, the Grand Canyon was a movie about two people from different backgrounds who all together meet as friends. For me, Crash was still a bit better movie, but Grand Canyon was not inept either. <br /> <br /> A high-class lawyer in Los Angeles named Mack (Kevin Kline) is shortening through the more coquettish side of the city just to make his car crash in the worst time. He calls for the truck and has to wait a while to threaten the group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the driver of the tow truck arrives at the perfect moment and leaves Simon (Danny Glover) to take the truck. Both men are at risk, but Simon manages to snatch himself, Mack and the car from serious trouble. Henceforth, friendship between two men develops throughout life, and Mack helps Simon, just as Simon helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. You see that Simon's sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford), lives in a dangerous area with her two children and is worried about her eldest son who seems to be roaming the streets with evil people. Mack offers them a better place to live, and also Simon's connection with a friend of his secretary, Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main thread of the film, but there are other smaller threads with the same mentioned above secretary (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel), who discovers the abandoned child soon after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first role in the film) left for the summer camp and will probably be moving with his life soon. The details of all these threads are collected in a single composite film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor of life and as a bridge connecting all different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and helps in the flow of history. <br /> <br /> The director, Lawrence Kasdan, whose greatest film so far was The Big Chill, created a great movie here. The cast is excellent and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately it does not match the size, because some of the points that would make the movie even stronger were transparent. The history with the participation of the secretary is one and the second with the participation of Szymon's nephew is the second. These scenes should be more than the whole story, and then perhaps Lawrence Kasdan's views on life between the upper and lower classes would be more at the highest level, and not only very good. Still the Grand Canyon has exceeded expectations and yes, you'll see a view of the canyon whose name comes from this movie. There is also the small role of Steve Martin as Davis, producer of violent movies, who offers his own views on life and has a small role to play in the ideas of this film.
