Many comments that people made to my mind, sorry for the lack of a point. Kasdan wants to introduce life, just ordinary life. A conventionally constructed story in which characters have insights that change their lives, and then disappear, the music ends, and the film ends, absorbed into a much larger canvas. Several characters from this movie have such illumination, and then they go further. Sometimes they can stick to their observations, sometimes they can not, and that's how life is. In other words, Kasdan rejects the conventional dramatic structure for the exploration of the continuity of life? there is no happy ending, only a possible ending; and everything that was before is still in progress, still up for grabs? and if you absolutely insist on the subject, explore the miraculous role in our lives. What is this miracle? Well, life alone for starters. Then add all incidental incidents and cross connections that make up life or a few interrelated lives, and you have wonders through the bucket. Kasdan emphasizes this subject lightly, not insisting on it, and strengthens it in various ways, preferably through the device, in the middle of the film, having a Mac and his wife, lying in bed, dreaming each other's own dreams but also showing later in the movie, like these dreams have the power, within the film, to shape reality. This is not a movie with an easy or obvious message. You just have to let it happen in front of you and then let it sit in your mind for a few days, a month, a few years and see what happened there. This is undoubtedly Kasdan's best film, his most mature, human film. The main meditation of one of our most talented writers and directors. Of course, the tragedy is that he was not allowed to work for many years, mainly because of the study restrictions associated with the "Dream Catcher". I hope we have not heard the last from Larry Kasdan. A great film by an excellent artist. Remember that to achieve success, art does not have to be completely rationalized.
