If you really want to know how most actors and directors of the Hollywood scene "got" where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming he will say) that a strange coincidence has happened. It happened that they met the right people at the right time and entered an appropriate project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took the acting class, which the instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey picked up a pass back from the sleeping old woman at a lecture by the famous playwright who helped him gain an important role. Robin Williams attributes his career to son Gary Marshall, who after seeing Star Wars suggested to his father that an alien should visit Cunninghams "Happy Days". These coincidences, often seen as pure happiness, shape many of today's Hollywood careers. Is this pure happiness? Is it possible that something else is happening? The "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes a completely different explanation of the inexplicable, also known as a strange, wonderful coincidence. The film concerns several different characters, whose life is crossed due to a positive and at the same time inexplicable event. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, experiences a breakdown in one of the more dangerous areas of LA. After he calls the tow truck, a young gang accosts him. They threaten violence if they do not leave the car. Shortly before the escalation of the confrontation, Danny Glover appears as the driver of the tow truck and suppresses the intentions of the gang. Although Glover denies this later, he probably saved Kline's life. Producer (Steve Martin) of cheap brutal movies is shot in the leg, and in the ward he has spiritual experience. He then announces the withdrawal of blood production and entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), finds a child hidden in the leaves during the morning jogging. He claims that the child was crying for her and that her "saving" of the baby was planned in advance. <br /> <br /> The film further investigates the results of these strange connections that lead to further relationships, ending relationships and new beginnings. All the time a strange homeless appears in the movie, as if he was in some way connected with everything that is happening. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or in the movie in general, to explore such a purely esoteric object. There are several moments that seem unbelievable, but maybe that's the point. What makes a movie work is great acting. Although miracles and coincidences may seem far-fetched, the actors make you believe that they are experiencing these new realities. Maybe it's a topic that we should study more often.
