This year I visited the Grand Canyon again, when I went to work out the top ten lists of the 90s. I saw this movie for the first time when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? Siskel and Ebert in 1991. They reviewed it and recommended it highly. Eventually, I caught him on video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing movie about the power of listening, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times and have fun and inspire me every time I watch. But why the poor reviews of this movie? The movie guide Maltina gives two of four. Too melodramatic, too many coincidences, too abundant, are the words I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there are many coincidences. But it delivers with intensity and strength that seems flexible. For the whole "conspiracy" that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as shooting, police, earthquake, romance, discovery of a child in the bushes, another shooting, a close accident of a new driver and world council from a homeless man, this movie wins thanks to clever performances Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. This is also possible thanks to Lawrence Kasdan's skillful direction and writing. You know this is not just another movie when you're considering the sequence at the beginning of the movie in which Kevin Kline is harassed by four black young people. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver who helps Kline's hero, but not before being harassed by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue when the child suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me or because I have a weapon?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is filled with one perceptive scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated for the best supporting actor as a film producer who changed his heart and then changed his mind. I think his character is a warning that "good" can lead us forward that idealism is a virtue, but one that we must constantly fight and not rely on. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid that the Grand Canyon may be lost forever in the wilds of non-new releases in the video store. But thanks to transactions on older releases of just 99 cents, I am begging everyone who has read this review to review a reviewer that you will thank him for borrowing it, Grand Canyon is something special. If you loved Magnolia, another movie with a large band with deep humanistic motifs, you'll also love the Grand Canyon.
