This production was created in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to place BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No film version of the novel has been attempted (it is extremely rich in sub-themes that actually serve as counterpoints for each other, so that it would be difficult to cut it). The novel was Dickens' only attempt to make the central narrator (one of two at work) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is brought up by her aunt and uncle, who (in the typical Dickens style) treats her badly. She is illegitimate, but she will not say anything about her background. Later, we engage in nobles, Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) has an increasingly difficult time in private life and interference with the family attorney, Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved in the activities of Richard Carstone (boy Esther) in an attempt to win a long estate case, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, which everyone (even Richard's cousin, John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns is not worth the effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens was a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Starting from the case of violation of the promise at PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens looked closely at the law. Mr. Bumble said the "OLIVER TWIST" was "ass" and Dickens consistently supported this view. He looks at the slums as a breeding ground for the crime in TWIST, that the law almost does not try to heal. Attacks the office and obsolete property laws, as well as too powerful attorneys and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) at BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT attacks debtors' prisons (David COPPERFIELD also hit him). IN OUR MUTUAL FRIEND, he looks at testers and testaments. In DYODA'S SECRET EDWIN, he apparently intended to go to the murder trial. Dickens was much more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also looks at other problems (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the beginning detective force of Scotland Yard, social snobbery in the industrial revolution). He uses the novel to satire different people: Leigh Hunt writer, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard, and even the famous Maria Manning. Most of these points were stored in this great version of the mini-series. If it appears again at the cable station, catch it.
