Two-thirds of the nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this video rated it 8, 9 or 10, and one user reports six video cassettes (Was it a disc or just a defective video recorder?). Although the film is primarily intended as a piece from the era, it clearly has quite an unusual fascination. But for some reason I imagined it to be largely capricious and until recently I never felt like watching it. My mind was changed by the original book by Elizbeth Von Arnim. My wife loves to read, but her eyes no longer allow her to read much, so she lent her in the form of a spoken book. Such books are usually annoying for a companion who is busy with other things, but gradually appreciated that this was seductive, but in no way syrupy, and very well written. I realized that my wife liked watching a movie, so I decided to buy her a video tape. I am very happy that I did it and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who appreciates a quiet reflex work without fireworks, but with a well-structured character development and a very successful Italian atmosphere in front of Mussolini. The story takes place immediately after World War I and begins with two married London ladies who decide to combine their savings and spend their holidays together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy. The strength of circumstances leads to the fact that two other people with very different characters and background join this pair. His subject is basically nothing more than the interactions that take place during their holidays, not only between these four very different mature women, but also from time to time a male guest. If you want action, emotions, dramatic sex scenes, natural disasters or man-made disasters or a Harlequin style affair, it would not be a movie for you. However, IMDb users jointly and very clearly demonstrated that none of them is necessary for the film to be very satisfying to watch, and if you want to try, you can, like me, come to the rankings among your favorite movies. <br /> <br /> I rarely watch a movie from a book I already know. In many cases, I think watching the movie takes a bit of pleasure, but here is such a strong visual attraction in the environment that my pleasure made me expect to see another segment of the book, effectively developed before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has a part in it, the last time I had this experience, when I watched the fairy tales from Boccaccia's Decameron on television.) Generally, movies from books tend to increase the dramatic level of original work to ensure that the filmed version has even wider charm but here, if at all, it is limited to draw viewers' attention to the gradual development of the character, not to any background events. It works very well, although the changes in the book are few and the film remains faithful to the original story. Great merit is due to the director, Mike Newell and all cast members, especially known to British actresses who play four major ladies.
