Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of the most royal families in America, are orphans at a young age. Just before leaving for France to fight in the First World War, their father tells the oldest, Fiona, never sell the land. Before the sisters became adults, they had to waste most of their money to pay lawyers for protecting their property. Through some gaps in the will of the father, a man named Charles Barclay will become the owner of the Gaylord land, where he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller who bought land and buildings from wealthy families in New York so he could build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film is mainly about the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, though certainly not one of her best roles, seems to be a cold, dominant woman and it becomes clear that she has skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a bit ditsy and totally in love with young contemporary artist Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite show in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seducer with a monocle who married a noble blood in England, but that does not stop her from trying to steal Gig from her sister. The three sisters are quite well developed, but, as it is in the mainstream of gays, they are never good enough. Charles Barclay plays George Brent. It is not very good. Well, it would be satisfying if the story was going as it should, but it always seems to be a scum in the movie. When we are asked to sympathize with him late in the film, it is impossible. Gig Young plays, huh ?, Gig Young. No, he does not play alone. What happened is that the actor who previously played in several movies under his real name, Byron Barr, was forced by Warner Brothers to change his name into something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but eventually changed its name to Gig Young, after the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Strange, what? Young is pretty good for most of the movie, but the script does some unfortunate things with his character late in the movie, which ultimately hurts the audience's sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. <br /> <br /> The gay sisters had great potential to turn out to be one of the great family sagas. Characters are interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never aspires to anything more than the simplest melodrama. If the connections of all the main heroes became more complicated, for example the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna, or made retrospection more complicated, the movie could be fantastic. This could further develop the prologue, give us more information about the Gaylord family. We have to take care of heroes more and we have to feel sorry for them. And the ending required major corrections. He just gives up at the end. Fiona's problems are solved so poorly that it hurts. Any sympathy has gained its character as the film progresses, it is falling apart. He is too happy. This story seems to be heading towards a tragedy, or maybe just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig has never been resolved. As bad as the story of Fiona ends, Susanna, Gig and Evelyn are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It is completely to watch, even if it does not concern us like other great films from the era. 7/10, mainly due to its potential. It should have been reworked, or the novel should be re-adapted, at some point in the study age. It's too old to change it now. The 1950s would be the best time in times of such films as Giant.
