I saw Rob Roy for the first time twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I hired him for my fiancée, and I watched a chilling winter night. The movie I wanted disappeared, so I hired him without expecting too much and I was very surprised how good it was. I recently watched it again and loved it the same as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with history, it's about the Scottish outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, the cattleman and the folk hero. From a child I know about a man and his story, freedom was derived from facts, but it is a film, not a textbook, so filmmakers can be justified. Essentially, the story of the movie is that Rob Roy borrows money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle, which he then intends to sell and profit from. But his plan is thwarted when a friend entrusted with money is robbed of money and murdered in the forest. Our hero is on the run after an unsuccessful settlement of the Marquis case, and Mary, his wife, suffers sadistic rape at the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a pitiful Englishman without a soul. Atrocities arise until the extremely satisfactory conclusion of Rob carved Archibald like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this film, but let me touch only a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is a fantastic, sexy beast from which you can not take your eyes off. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: even when he is angry, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man who tries to provide those who depend on him in the best possible way. Jessica Lange, as Mary, gives this woman a fierceness which is a pleasant change compared to the crude, boring movie wives that the public is usually forced to endure. You just know that he does not take any b.s from Rob or anyone else. Tim Roth is totally determined by his image of the evil Archibald, but he somehow works. All attitudes and preening, combined with some wicked dialogue, lead to one of the most memorable movie villains in the latest memory. Combine it all, as well as the stellar work of other supporting players, with the luscious scenery of Scotland, and you have something that makes one really, really cool movie. If you have not seen it, I strongly recommend doing it.
