The year 1995, when so many people talked about the grand premiere of BRAVEHEART Mela Gibson's film, saw another very good, but unappreciated film about Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a completely different film, especially due to the historical period in which the story is set, ROB ROY has much in common not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the very spirit of epic movies. <br /> <br /> This is a film that discusses similar topics, such as the fight for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, the family who is the key to happiness. It also leads us to the real happiness of the Scottish highlands, where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by the splendor of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a real hero (so universal in epics), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who tries to lead his people out of oppression imposed by cold men. Although he aggravates his situation through acts, he must suffer a lot, two things remain undeniably in his mind: HONOR, who gives himself, and LOVE to his woman, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> With the exception of interesting content and quite vivid action, the movie is full of truly stunning visual effects. This factor must apply to both film sets and locations, as well as clothing. Many unforgettable moments remain in the mind of every viewer who can afford to view artistic images. For me, the greatest scene took place in the Highlands, when Rob Roy tells his boys what really means an honor. Then he sends them and loves his woman beautifully. The scene in which he escapes from Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall, is also worth seeing as a stunning artwork. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is a bit of graphic violence, like in a duel, but I do not think that this violence is as harmful as in many other contemporary films. Its justification is like any other epic: the bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really serious and there would be no point in concealing it. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape of Rob Roy's wife by the villain of this story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and children should definitely stay away. However, the rest is O.K. However, there is one aspect that made me really love this movie, performances. <br /> <br /> Everyone casts excellent work, from the leading Lian Neeson, who fits well with the role of a tall, brave, strong Scottish man to cast Brian Cox, who plays the evil Killearna, a silent witness to the terrible deeds that he feels good with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. In many scenes there is chemistry between Mrs. Lange and Mr. Neeson. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a great job as Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is an end in itself in any way. I like the peace of his image. But the real villain is Tim Roth, who really portrays the unfortunate side of his character, Archibald - a man who mocks his love, who loves war and who finds a real desire for rape and slaughter. But, as in every good epic, this exceptional evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> And one more aspect: the musical score: such unforgettable and sentimental melodies that will sound in your ears for a long time. The last moment moved me to tears, not only because of the beauty that she gives, but also because I deeply connected these blissful melodies to the size of the places. Scotland remains in the heart of his guest, and this movie reminded me of this permanent effect. This was my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very nice movie, very well directed, photographed and played. Perhaps this is not tantamount to BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and crowds of extras in battle scenes, but it is quite a long film with great attention devoted to one very important function that cinema should have: stunning entertainment combined with honest education. I really liked this movie, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "entertainment levels" and rate it 9/10
