It is a pity that this great film had to be released the same year as Braveheart. Although this is a very different kind of film, the conflict between the Scottish commoners and the English nobility is also important here. Between Braveheart and Rob Roy, about 400 years have passed, but some things have never changed. Scottland is still run by the English gentry, and the highlanders never seem to catch a break in dealing with them. Rob Roy is well done, but it's not a great epic like Braveheart. There are no great battles, and conflict here is more between individuals. And helpfully, so this time not all Englishmen are portrayed as bad. Rob Roy is just a film about those who are honored and those who are really angry. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan, and his basic function is to strive to protect the cattle of a local nobleman called Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). For the MacGregor clan, things look pretty harsh when winter is approaching, and there seems to be a shortage of food for everyone. Rob Roy is preparing a plan to borrow 1,000 pounds from the marquis and purchase his own cattle. He would then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the overall well-being of his community. It sounds fair enough, right? Problems arise when two marquis palms steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is probably the most evil character ever made on film. This wonderfully played by Tim Roth is penniless to the soul of a would-be noble, whose mother sent to the Marquis. This man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, soulless and very dangerous with a sword. Fathers a child with a virgin hand and refuses to take responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him out of the house. This guy is just as rotten as the characters in the movie. Together with another guy from the Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses it to settle his own debts. Although for most people it is painfully obvious what happened, the Marquis still holds MacGregor in debt. It causes a conflict that will take many lives and will challenge the powers of a man who simply fights for his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers before !!!!! <br /> <br /> Luckily for Prince MacGregor, who is not a friend of the Marquis, he sets up the final duel of Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict forever. This sword fight has been recognized by many as one of the best ever filmed. Cunningham is considered by many to be a winner thanks to his speed and grace. For most of the fight it seems that these attributes will win. Just when it looks like Rob Roy has finished, he turns the tables in a shockingly grotesque way. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed, wonderfully played and perfectly composed. The score is also quite memorable. It seems that the casting election proved to be effective, because Jessica Lange, who may seem to be absent from her element, actually performs in one of the strongest performances like Mary MacGregor. The movie is violent, but there are not too many gore. However, this is a lustful image full of deviant behaviors. The nobles are largely played as amoral and poor. The film has no obvious flaws, so it receives 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
