This is a moving tale about the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy, and his battles with feudal landowners. Like Braveheart, which is often compared to, it is not very historical. Despite their fictional nature, I judge both of these films very much and it would be difficult for me to choose one of them. The 13th-century William Wallace is, as others have noted, a national figure greater than life, while in the early 18th century, Rob Roy turns out to be an honorary but ordinary Scot. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around the clan chief, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish mountain hut with his wife Maria and two young sons. With the beginning of the film, he and his colleagues hunt thieves who stole the cattle of the local ruler. Rob Roy then wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so he arranges to borrow a thousand pounds of Scottish from a local nobleman, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy cattle for the herd. Temporarily, he entrusts this money to his friend, Alan McDonald. When both McDonald's and money are lacking, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as his wicked protege, Archibald Cunningham and his vile factor, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also tested when Montrose tries to engage him in false testimony against his rival, the prince of Argyle, whom he wants to accuse of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> Charismatic Liam Leeson is a genius like kilted highlander Rob Roy, an intelligent, masculine and noble hero and a man whose sense of honor is crucial to this story. Personally, I think that this is the best performance of Neeson, his accent (though Irish) that adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man who can be trusted. She is a loving husband and father, and movingly loyal to her friend McDonald, accused of robbing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully presents his greatest opponent, and certainly one of the most shameful and sadistic movie villains, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish, ruthless proud peacock. It is very effeminate for someone who makes his main business the expression of local women, whether willing or not. The pitiful Cunningham himself is always referring to the fact that he is a bastard unaware of his father's identity, though that does not justify his horrific crimes of committing murder, rape and theft. Besides, he ruthlessly rejects the young maid, Betty, after she became pregnant with his child, which led to her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and fashionable Montrose, who was finally recognized as Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is basically a very credible love story between an ordinary man and his wife, lovingly portraying the passionate relationship of Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should watch this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this pair "How good are you for me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all movies. <br /> <br /> The most attractive performance is probably Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. She lacks makeup, but has a nice but natural look of a solid peasant wife and mother. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the wicked Cunningham, while the disgusting Killearn looks like. Her dialogue is simple but full of pride and grace. I gave Hollywood away for showing once only on the scene of rape to reveal my cruelty, as well as the pain and humiliation of Mary, but nothing made a sensation. Their relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional distress when she finds out about Mary's rape and further anguish when she swears to him that she will never tell her husband about her violation by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie presents a beautiful scenery of Scottish highlands, rich costumes from the era and an appropriate musical score. There are no great battle scenes like in Braveheart but continuous engaging activities and a particularly thrilling sword fight in the final duel of Rob Roy and Cunningham. It's a captivating movie with a tough action and a beautiful story of love.
