Ride With the Devil has something rich and unique, if you can stand the slow development. Fighting against a dark, rough subject, a brutal guerrilla war in the American West during the civil war (which in turn gave birth to the outlaws of the old West from the 1870s), maintains a strangely satisfying, unmodified atmosphere. What I'm talking about is the tendency of film music and lighting to feel the mood you can expect. But instead, RWTD has a relatively optimistic soundtrack and allows words and actions to talk rather than manipulate the viewer's senses. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast of this special area of ​​CW history, I am very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diologist is expertly written (even with subtle humor from time to time) with references to boxers and previous border battles (for example, Independence ... Far from the Oregon Trail!). The small events that occur in Jake's team are similar to the actual events that took place ... Especially the attack when they are occupied at home, and the destruction of the store / cab. Battle scenes, though rare, are quite well made. He even has the first battle of Cavalry CW, which has recently appeared on the film. <br /> <br /> The director shows the talent everyone expects from Ang Lee in a subtle way. Example: The figure of Black John is shown in the mockery of resident Lawrence during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight !? Who are we to fight ?! (The shot changes into the Confederate trio who stand, doing nothing to stop the slaughter, while the voice continues) You are cowards! Who are the cowards really? Such small accents really improve the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> There are no major glaring areas in history, which can not be said about the masterpieces of the movie Glory, which was basically a fiction in the context of the main event that follows. Some minor problems include the fact that the years shown by the events represented do not add up. But you will never notice. The greater curiosity lies in the fact that the only African-American hero of the weapon in the film is a quasi-slave fighting for Jake and his confederate boxers. It is true that some blacks fought for the Confederacy, including one that attacked Lawrence for Quantrilla (who would suspect him?) Before the attack. Although this black rebel is a fascinating character (no matter what African-Americans on PC might think of him), the film does not show a single black Union soldier who would be more representative of the dark experience in Western CW. One of the first black CW regiments was raised in Kansas (by Senator Jim Lane's murderer, and before the 54th Mass was organized), and black troops in such battles as Baxter Springs, KS, played a critical role. <br /> <br /> No glaring historical errors. Good, realistic action that is rare and not very grateful. Good direction. This movie may not be hits from another civil war, but it's the purest job.
