War between states was probably the darkest hour in American history; a war that hurt a brother against a brother and family against a family and left scars that have not even healed up today, and most likely they will never heal. And as in any story about any war, beyond any historical meaning, it is a personal disagreement for a bigger conflict that creates an emotional impulse that engages her. This human element makes the context necessary to give it perspective, which director Ang Lee provides in "Ride With the Devil", a drama of the civil war in which he concentrates on personal hardships in the broader perspective of the war itself and on the way pretends explore one of the bloodiest chapters of the war, the infamous raid on Lawrence in Kansas, Quantrilla and his invaders, which he manages to present quite objectively from the point of view of the Confederacy. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the Union's influence prevails in the state of Kansas, and even on the other side of the border in neighboring Missouri, those with Confederacy's loyalty are increasingly difficult to oppose the invading North, especially without help for what could be considered as "ordinary" Confederate troops. And when they start to really warm up in their city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) create their own team and join the fight, causing damage to the Union, wherever possible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like war and do not like to kill; but they are fighting for what they think is right. <br /> <br /> There are others, even among their own, such as young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who will use conflict as a means of personal gain and as nothing more than an excuse to express his violent nature through unnecessary brutality, committed in many cases against innocent victims. And yes, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as many like them, it becomes a time when loyalty and moral judgments will be put to a hard test; a time when their souls will be tempered with blood. And they will have to ride with the Devil himself, despite seemingly insurmountable. <br /> <br /> As with all of his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through an insightful but subtle study of the tradition, the cultural aspects and moral attitudes of the people and times he portrays. By doing so, Lee provides his listeners with at least some understanding of his subject that goes beyond the real story and ultimately offers, perhaps, a deeper understanding of the motivations that drive his characters and the drama in which they are involved. Are these traditions and customs that are responsible for the relationship between father and his daughters ("Eat Man Woman drink"), the consequences of class distinction ("Thoughtful and sensitive"), honor and code according to which the warrior lives and dies ("Crouching tiger "hidden dragon") or moral uncertainty caused by the lack of it all ("Ice Storm"), Lee fills his films with insight into the human condition that takes them to the next level. This film is no exception; and (as he does with all his films) Lee presents his story with breathtaking photos (including Frederick Elmes, who also performed "The Ice Storm"), which under his leadership is nothing more than visual poetry. It is this special touch of Lee and adds a longing, reflective sense to every story told, which is one of the elements that make his films so memorable. <br /> <br /> As Jake Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film, which so effectively contrasts with the maturity that he conveys later, when the story develops, and with it his character. Most importantly, Maguire convincingly and reliably responds to the events that take place around him, which increases the credibility of the whole film and underlines the realism of the presentation: his stoic reception of death and news of "murdered" in various battles and battles; moral decency to which those with whom he meets even belong in such difficult times; betrayal which is almost universal due to the nature of the conflict; and the loyalty and beliefs to which he and his companions adhere faithfully. That's all that Maguire achieves thanks to its performance, and it's not a small achievement. It is, however, a type of underrated, understated results that are often taken for granted, which is unfortunate; work such as this deserves recognition and should be recognized. <br /> <br /> Skeet Ulrich is also effective because Jack Bull and Jewel (in their screen debut) are turning into an engaging show as Sue Lee Shelley. However, Jeffrey Wright stands out in the excellent role of Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who brings a bloodcurdening threat to Christopher Walken for his role of Pitt. Also as a cameo (one scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves a lasting impression with very little time on the screen. <br /> <br /> Supporting staff is James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs. Chiles). Civil war will always be an open wound to the nation; but I hope that over time, thanks to objective considerations by filmmakers such as Ang Lee, and films such as "Ride With the Devil", it will ultimately contribute to closing the schism and promoting healing. In the light of recent events, this is very much needed around the world. Film is a powerful medium; it can be both educational and entertaining, and perhaps in the future more filmmakers like Ang Lee will embrace and promote a sense of unity through the delicate presentation of events and attitudes that make us who we are. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
