Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films were "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm", turned to the American Civil War for his latest story. Based on Daniel Woodrell's novel, it refers to the feats of a group of South guerrillas called bushmen who fight their northern counterparts, jayhawkers from the Missouri base. <br /> <br /> As you might expect, there are plenty of actions, but the emphasis is on the tension that the war imposes on young men who fought with it - many of them fought against their former neighbors and even their family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man, or rather a boy, because he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a Unionist, he joins his longtime friend Jacek Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with boxers. Despite the lack of acceptance due to its origin and reluctance to participate in the murder of unarmed men from the Union, he remains faithful to the case. Like his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another ruffian and fighting for the South. favoring the action, and this gives the film a sense of reality of war - long periods of boredom and waiting, intermittently intermittently intense fearsome struggles. The action is unspeakable and admirable, recognizing that both sides have committed many atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are wonderful, with both Maguire and Wright both brave and dignified. Suspicious Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is especially cold as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasantly polite and arrogant. Lee never runs away from the reality of war, but his actors perform an admirable job showing the good that comes from it - an increase in friendship, demonstration of courage and, on a larger scale, the emancipation of oppressed nations. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate movie that regularly shakes, but always moves the audience.
