<br /> <br /> Waiting for Anga Lee's new movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, I saw it in the hit and thought I would try. A movie about a civil war is not a typical movie that I watch. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie has been great written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but it does not sound hazy and outdated. Spectacular acting helped this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was amazing. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but it shines here. I have always considered Skeet Ulrich a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also perfect. The Jewel was a great shock for me. It was amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, about which I have never heard before, is also perfect in this film. It seems to me that great acting and great writing and direction go hand in hand. Film with bad writing makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie had a perfect connection. The actors look fantastic, and the character's development is spectacular. This movie lets you wish and hope for good things for some and bad things for others. It lets you really know characters that are very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of your place, guessing and ready for anything at any time. Literally, I've been sure dozens of times that someone will die in quiet parts of the movie that were "too quiet" (brilliant directing). It was also a beautifully filmed movie. The scenery was breathtaking (it's in Missouri and Kansas for sakez), but there was clearly a lot of attention in choosing the wonderful settings of nature. It has this rough and rugged look, but it retains elegance that is very pleasing to the eyes. The film was deep. He told a story and doing that, you think. He had layers under the external history of the civil war. In particular, he focused on two characters who were not entirely sure what they were fighting for. There were many more deep problems in this movie, too many to choose. It was like a beautifully written story, filled with symbolism and artistic accessories that leave you thinking during and after the story. If you like great acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directors in history, check out this video! Take a chance.
