I watched the movie twice on a DVD and each time did not disappoint me with exceptional impartiality. It seems that it is more a picture of reality than most other Hollywood dishes, especially on a topic that is still heatedly discussed. Although it strictly sticks to the southern point of view, it does not question it, and ultimately the only opinion left is that war is lost, no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <br /> What really sets this film apart is the refusal of excessive drama. Nowadays, really good movies (in short) are few and mainstream dishes are pleasant (if you do not have high expectations), but terribly commercial. I think this movie is really a good movie (without being a masterpiece), because it adheres to each other and gives the viewer a chance to watch and analyze it, instead of wanting to bombard it with the effect and emotions to erase his intelligence. This film is cool, perceptive and generally light in its judgment, which is GOOD. <br /> <br /> The story has its drawbacks, especially the figure of Jewel is dubious, but then again the situation at that time was so chaotic that it may be logical for a young widow to somehow return to a normal life, even if he takes every next guy freely. It is still not weak, in fact I think he is one of the stronger characters, he always controls the relationship, and men just tag. And I am very grateful that he is not a widow after crying. I believe that in the nineteenth century, the death of a loved one was much more normal than now. You could have died so easily even from minor illnesses and injuries, so the prospect of dying, certainly causing sadness, did not cause the injuries of such people as now. People apparently did not build chapels about their lost, like now, and I like this approach. <br /> <br /> It is my recommendation that intelligent people watch this movie if they are in the mood for something other than plain Hollywood. Do not watch if you want a non-stop action or the thrill of hiring a heart.
