Gojoe, one of the least popular events in Asia in recent years, is initially slow and often interesting, but overall quite fantastic, exciting, layered and beautiful. I regret to say that I hardly know the Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film, so deeper meanings are lost to me, but even without contextual knowledge it is still a rich tariff, adopting the traditional fantasy structure, an influential higher plane. The story of Benkei, the monk-warrior and perhaps a demon who seeks enlightenment, destroying the demon from the Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, who is himself a mortal seeker of his own upper plane, but this time the power of demons. In this way, the film becomes a matter of illusion and in the case of Benkei, indecision, a conflict in which the real purpose is self-knowledge, that Benkei may reconcile with his true nature and that Prince Shanao face the nature of what he wants to become. Benkei is made even more difficult by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally contradictory to the world, even if he is not in an open conflict, he is never calm. Director Sogo Ishii deals with this as an epic, with measured pace, work in the camera is always stylish and often crazy, without neglecting the need to calm the situation to allow it to sink in place, there is also a great use of lighting and fog to give ethereal atmosphere, in many films fantasy prevails, but beyond overtly supernatural moments it is a fall, and a dirty fantasy with a longer period of decline than fanciful. Pictures of Makoto Watanbe are important here, vivid and detailed, richly suggestive. Actingwise, Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with mysterious ferocity like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has strong, cold arrogance as Prince Shanao. At the head of Masatoshi Nagase summarizes things as an ordinary man, wise and cynical, but still unaware of exactly what the stakes are. All movies fit together well, but sometimes it is slack, it starts slowly, some shots are a little drawn, and epic battle scenes sometimes last longer than absolutely necessary. When it comes to combat, it is filmed more crazy than real moves, it has artistic impact, but it can disappoint regular fans of action, often obscured by objects, flashing blades and fast moving units, spinning with lethal force by their opponents. , it stimulates to watch, but in the end I could do with a bit more traditionalism. There is also some unfortunate spill of cgi blood, it works a bit in context, but still distracts. To sum up, I think it's quite a good movie, it's not for regular fans or fencing enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, a rather deeper and more mystical beast, and its ending will not go well with fans of the more general wing of such a tariff. But for me it really hit the bull's-eye and for those more inclined to adventures it can also do it. Well, in any case, recommended.
