It seems that Ogre has not gained a good reputation since its release in 1988 and I think the reason may be the fact that he received the subtitle "Demons 3" to help him sell better. The film's director is Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two films of the Demon, as well as ogres and demons, are similar (in that they are both "monsters") ... but otherwise the movie has nothing to do with the other two films. However, this is rather good! Italian filmmakers are famous for taking off popular films and although this is not entirely obvious; it seems to me that this influence has had a significant impact on Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a female horror writer who, together with her husband and son, moves to a castle in Italy. She haunts her memories of the times when she was a child and found Ogra in her basement. Shortly after entering the castle, before these visions return ... and it may be more than a coincidence when he believes that a murderous werewolf lives in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was of course filmed and made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but what it is is certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not be as smart as his father Mario; but he needs time to create a sinister atmosphere that really goes well with the movie. The central location, a large castle, is the perfect place for a story in which Lamberto does everything he can; even if it requires taking better movies sometimes; such as the Inferno style pool scene. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, because many scenes are drawn too long, and the relationships between the characters are rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava does some special effects. Garden itself looks really stupid and it's a good job that we do not see it very often. We boil down to the right, if predictable, ending and overall, I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and is recommended.
