Anyone who has not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: do not watch "La Casa dell'Orco", expecting any demons, because you will not find them here. This film is not the third part of the series "Demons" and has nothing to do with the exception of the fact that it was led by Lamberto Bava. In fact, "The Church" by Michele Soavi is also known as the unofficial "Demons 3" and it is also a deceptive title in this case. It is obvious that due to the success of the films "Demons"; they tried to deceive the audience with misleading titles, although it is obvious that this is an unrelated story. Having said that, I think that it is unfair on the other hand, claiming that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth seeing. Honestly, the movie is quite moody and even though there are some unintentional funny situations, I thought it was really scary. Nevertheless, I think it is safe to say that history is trying to imitate the "House in the Cemetery" by Lucio Fulci. Of course, I only have speculation, but I think I have my important evidence. For example, in both films Paolo Marco is a family man, in both films is an annoying little son named Bobby, in both films the woman at home is beautiful thirty, who seems to be the only one to see that something really bad is in the new home, in both films something really happens, very bad happens in the basement. I'm sorry but I can link both films very easily and I do not say that as an accusation. On the contrary, I think that those who liked "The House at the Cemetery" will probably enjoy this movie, remembering of course that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less frightening, not so atmospheric, but the formula still exists. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco" Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, are going on a trip to an old, abandoned castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Apart from the beauty of the place, shortly after their arrival, Charel begins to feel that she has been there before, which is impossible, given that she has never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can not deal with déjà vu, and the worst thing is that her visions come with the image of a terrifying creature that follows her. Tom, who is not a very patient man at the beginning, advises her to reject meaningless hallucinations and enjoy the holidays. However, the visions of a woman are becoming more and more real, and the peace and quiet that they were supposed to enjoy suddenly turn into a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood becomes real and this time he will not be able to escape without confronting this dangerous ogre. <br /> <br /> As we expect, the plot somehow turns out to be a bit simplistic and as a consequence it is difficult to complete an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences with complete silence and the image of the main character walking around the castle for several minutes, bringing life to childhood images and nothing more. From time to time, it gets quite boring, but overall, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror movies that appeared in the late eighties, this movie is quite stylish and effective, but also offers a series of unintentional funny moments that make the film unforgettable in a way. For example, the part in which Charel is brutally patted by her husband and instead of going to her bedroom cry as I expected, he hits him, hitting him hard in the face and fleeing into the forest like a maniac. The funniest thing though is that two minutes later they are a happy couple again, as if hitting each other was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's stupid, but I think it's absolutely fun. Ogr (which is of course the villain of this story) looks both frightening and funny and let's face it: a villain who can scare us and make us laugh a little, is twice as welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but of course more natural and human. But if we focus on the genuinely good aspects that I mentioned earlier: the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highest points, and even if it is almost always the same, it fits perfectly and helps create a rather dark atmosphere during moments of tension. So if I have to make a final statement about this film, I will have to say that I can not help, including the small flaws and most people who like the typical Italian horrors of the late eighties, do not be disappointed with the winnings. Has all the usual and always well-received stereotypes, such as a crazy old man who tells the truth, a local woman who is said to be a witch, a terrifying castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and local people who try to stop the tourist from hostility to keep away from the infamous lands. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and hitting the face of a spouse as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
