"Anchors Aweigh" is a product of classic MGM music production, and the whole film is pleasant? good music by Jule Styne and others, great dance by Gene Kelly (and even the work of Frank Sinatra) and a funny, well-written script. The only important element that I would like to criticize is the cast of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in the film always means that the audience will be subjected to the endless pseudo-operable warbling of the petite Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a navy soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover, but whose Valentino-charms are constantly conquered by the presence of his less suspicious friend with the unbelievable Central American name Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of land leave to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something to save his life. They are prepared by a police officer (Rags Ragland), who needs them to help convince a premature youngster (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to return to the home of "Ciocia Susan" (Grayson). At first Clarence is interested in calling "Aunt Susan", but eventually Kelly appears as a more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are some unique music scenes, but nothing can come close to Kelly's more well-known work in films such as "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we get is an artificial sequence with the character of Kelly in the sequence of fantasies dancing with Jerry, the mouse with "Tom and Jerry" (though it seems to be closer to the size of a dog or a cat than a mouse). It's a surprising sequence for its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. I really liked the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like something from "Alice in Wonderland". <br /> <br /> After all, the heroes go to your favorite Susan bar, a slightly disinfected Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. There, the patrons happily allow Miss Grayson to sing his arias with abandonment, and the management gets very excited about the possibility that Clarence and Joe expanded to sing with their "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing with a light, humorous accent). Of course, they have never met their "friend" Iturbi and spend the majority of the film trying to reach him (in a funny scene, Sinatra meets Iturbi, but confuses him on the piano tuner and persuades him to abandon tuning and try his career), sneaking into studios and Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi is practicing a surreal symphony composed of dozens of young pianists? you did not see anything like this except "1000 fingers Dr. T". Is Iturbi itself a kind of divine form in history? represents the opportunity for salvation from unfinished work and the opportunity for fame and artistic achievements for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr Iturbi hears Mrs. Grayson, her opera career will become a reality. The three main characters desperately want to reach him and think of him as some distant and distant mythological figure? much of the charm and humor of the film comes from the contrast of this perception with the very mundane "real" mannerisms of the master. Speaking of Iturbi's contribution to this film, he also provides a very stimulating musical moment thanks to the orchestral interpretation of the Donkey Serenade. <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done, it is a movie that no one who likes, musicals will want to miss. Most of the music has been written for this film, which is a good contrast for soundtracks from the recycling of other Kelly songs such as "Rain" and "American." Kelly is still at his early summit, risky and noisy in both dances and character interpretations. Sinatra's voice has never been in a better shape, and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a lovely addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is endearing when it is not on stage. Iturbi adds this well-established but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM musical. It's one of the better ones.
