Although in my opinion it is one of the smaller musical stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, the smaller musical with the participation of each of the composition is nothing sneezing in combination with the line-up makes Anchors is a pretty good movie despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are respectively Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, two navy soldiers. When the film begins, they simply enter Los Angeles, where they need very much needed holidays. Brady plans to visit a girl named Lola. Doolittle is still quite wet behind the ears, respectively, and is looking for advice about the women of Brady in private (publicly, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all men navy comically exaggerating their finesse with women to each other). Brady promises to help join Doolittle, but above all because Doolittle will not leave him alone. Their plans break down when the local police force them to help a young boy who is obsessed with the Navy. It will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps, and he and Doolittle take the boy home. When the boy's guardian finally appears, Susan Abbott (Grayson), Doolittle follows her gaga. Brady tries to convince him to forget about her; Brady wants to return to Lola. But they return to Abbott's house, and finally to something in the shape of a love triangle. Things get complicated when Brady lied about Doolittle, knowing the famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio, and claims that Doolittle has organized an interrogation for Abbott, who is the vocalist and actress in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of this story, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - because of the Navy, of course, pop on Broadway - what the stars sing in more informal conditions, the opera, what makes Abbott stand out, like the popular classic Liberace - what Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott visits a Mexican restaurant in the Mexican part of LA. The connection does not work as well as it could be. Many songs are good, and everyone involved is certainly talented as a singer or musician, but the genre jumps usually lose consistency. What's worse, there are a few showcases for Iturbi, who at the time was apparently a big star who effectively stopped the story and seems more than a little hokey at the moment. I just watched another movie, in which there was excellent music, Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996), but this mistakenly stopped the plot to periodically turn into a concert movie. Anchors Aweigh has a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs that drive and are an integral part of the story and concerts that seem to be material contractual obligations. <br /> <br /> There are also some plot problems. It is not well established why Brady is so opposed to Doolittle's quest for Abbott. We can guess that Brady thinks Doolittle should not get involved with someone who needs to look after the child and who seems relatively "right" and traditional, but on the other hand Brady can say that Doolittle does not have this same feminine disposition, which Brady himself admits. Abbott seems to fit into Doolittle, and Lennart is working hard to establish that Brady just wants to snatch Doolittle from his hair and continue meeting Lola - it seems that Brady's character should quickly set Doolittle on every candidate, is he well matched or not. It may seem like a small detail, but in reality it is a hinge for about a third to half of the plot. This story also seems a bit drawn out. Length is a problem. Anchors Aweigh, reaching a time of about two hours and twenty minutes, should be reduced by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above certainly sounds like I'm complaining about the movie too much to justify 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as a disadvantage, because the conventional wisdom of Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that there are no disadvantages. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separate and together. They turn in good, interesting performances. Sinatra looks and works much younger than its real age of 29? 30 during shooting. He plays an extremely naive, virgin character - quite different from most of the roles he later adopted, and different from his public image. For Kelly it was his breakthrough movie and rightly so. His choreography is diverse and impressive, as is his acting. Grayson is adorable, her performance is sophisticated and she's just wonderful. All this helps to overcome the shortcomings of the script and the pace. <br /> <br /> And there is even a very interesting element, which probably arises only because Sidney was allowed to spread into many different moods - the infamous dance of Kelly from Jerry the Mouse (fame "Tom and Jerry") in the extended fantasy sequence . This is one of the earliest examples of combining actions and animations live and is extremely well made and enjoyable as long as you're a fan of fantasy. The fantasy sequences are the best in the movie. In Jerry the Mouse perfectly matches the long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady imagines Abbott in an epoch-making scene while he plays with her, has to resort to acrobatic feats to reach her physically she is standing on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> Equally uneven and flawed like a movie, it's largely enjoyable and fun to watch. Fans of classic musicals should certainly not miss Anchors Aweigh, as well as Sinatra fans who will not have a great job with his characters.
