This film (just like Astaire's WEDDING ROYAL, which appeared after him yesterday evening at the Turner Classic Network) is famous for one musical sequence that gained place in the Gene Kelly recording: Like Fred Astaire dancing with a clothes hanger and then dancing around The walls and ceiling of the room, in this movie Gene Kelly danced in a cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is nicely made. It is forgotten that Kelly tells the story of a cartoon sequence to Dean Stockwell and his students at school during a break during the day, and prepares the sequence scene, closing eyes to Stockwell and others and imagining the pastoral type of the background. Kelly even changes navy blue, in fact he wears a white, Pomeranian navy blue uniform with blue stripes. Jerry Mouse does more than just dance with Gene. He actually says - the first one he has not repeated for many decades. He finally puts Tom Cat in his right place - Tom briefly appears as King Jerry's butler, trying to cheer him up with a plate of cheeses. <br /> <br /> But the cartoon sequence with Kelly took about seven minutes of film. Much more of this peculiar movie tells the story of Kelly about the lost four-day vacation in Hollywood and how Kelly meets Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) persecutes Jose Iturbi in the MGM film studio, the Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi's own home. With the exception of the fact that two sailors have nothing wrong with this film, it could have been quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved the life of Sinatra in the Pacific and as a result receives a medal. Both are among crew members in California who have a four-day vacation. But screenwriters (to push what will be a short movie - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with one "Lola", an invisible Hollywood girl in Hollywood), under Gene's saddle with Frank. <br /> <br /> It looks like Frank is one of those idiots who appear in the film after the film movie factories (especially musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and need "instructions" about meetings with girls (or guys if the characters are women). Frank insists Gene helps "teach him" how to get a girlfriend. Just then the policeman takes them to the headquarters to help the cops with a little boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the jacket (and will not give the cops a real name and address). When protesting Kelly is able to retrieve this information from Stockwell, asking him a few simple questions (which the police could not ask), they insist that Kelly takes the boy home, to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly is burdened with increasingly complex problems (mainly due to the simplified vision of Sinatra's things). He missed Lola's vision the next day, sleeping late - Sinatra felt that he looked so peaceful sleeping that he did not wake him up. He keeps coming back to Grayson's house because Sinatra feels she is the right woman for herself, but she needs Kelly to train him. <br /> <br /> I suppose my presentation of the story may upset ANCHORS AWEIGH fans, but I find this story annoying. While the singing and dancing and concert music of Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are first-rate, it's annoying to take the idiot of someone like Sinatra seriously. In the real world, Kelly would initially beat him from hell for following him at the beginning of a four-day vacation - what is his right to insist (like Sinatra) that someone who saves their lives should help him learn how to do it? This kind of nonsense always destroys the total impact of the musical for me - unless the music numbers are so ground-breaking that they do not let me forget about this kind of nonsense. <br /> <br /> Iturbi harassment is also annoying. Kelly tries to convince Grayson to Sinatra when he says that Sinatra can meet with Jose Iturbi to interrogate her singing skills. For most of the rest of the picture, Sinatra and Kelly try to do it and keep shaking (at some point - for no good reason - Grayson herself is ruining Kelly's attempt to get an interview with MGM from Iturbi). It is only happiness (that Iturbi feels sorry for the perplexed Grayson) that he gives him the audition of her talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. Sinatra's conscience that she can not help her sees that Iturbi is ashamed of being tormented by her (but not involving Kelly, which is strange), and he accidentally encounters a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his native Brooklyn. Naturally, without the help of Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily a "scenario"!
