Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day vacation in Hollywood. Joe knows everything about the girls and can not wait to see Lola while Clarence is shy and needs advice from her buddy to meet girls. Then they run into a small boy, Donald Martin, who escaped to join the navy. They take him home and meet his beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to become a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girlfriend, but his shyness bothers. But he does not feel shy with the waitress who comes from Brooklyn, just like him. Soon Joe notices that he is in love with Susie. The boys are in trouble when they lie to Susie at a meeting with a great music producer they do not even know. Because they are in a draw with their feelings. George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is at the highest level, once again in his singing and dancing Frank Sinatra is wonderful as a shy guy from Brooklyn. Shy is not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays his part well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic like Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, last month we lost this talented actress and operatic soprano at the age of 88. 9-year-old Dean Stockwell is doing an amazing job as a little guy who wants to be a sailor. Iturbi is doing a great job doing himself. It's magic, what he does with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the Chief of Police. Sarah Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are many great things in the movie and some fantastic numbers for singing and dancing. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra doing "We hate to go out". It's very energetic. "If you know that Susie (Like I Know Susie)" is quite funny. It's a nice moment when Frank sings Brahms' Lullaby to little Dean Stockwell. It is wonderful to listen to Grayson singing "Jealousy" tango. The most memorable sequence is the one that moves into the animated fantasy world, and there Gene sings and dances with Jerry Mouse. there as a butler. Initially as a ked Mickey Mouse, but he refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for Original Music Score.Anchors Aweigh is high-end entertainment.
