ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two willing young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), will receive a special four-day vacation on the shore. Wanting to reach girls, especially Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn, do not interrupt the tiny jacket of Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Inexperienced in the ways of women and courtship, Brooklyn quickly engages Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. Along the way, however, Joe discovers he falls for the gala he thinks he belongs to his best friend. How will Brooklyn make this betrayal? And does Joe end with Susie, who also loves him? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I saw him at the same time as in THE TOWN, the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration since 1949. Every time I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH is a better movie in terms of plot and structure - all dances and songs fit the moment of the story, and develop characters and history, and do not bother them. However, every time I went away from the impression that ON THE TOWN is a better movie. Seeing both films for the third time now, I am still facing this verdict. In some way, IN THE CITY, as a movie and entertainment, it is simply lighter, cheerful, pure and simply * happier *. The numbers are more scandalous and less integral with the story, and yet work better than all dances and songs in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not sure why it is. The typical argument is that the latter film is too long: almost two and a half hours is certainly an important criticism. I certainly felt the length of the first two times when I saw it! However, it is also a film that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter this feeling and the more you appreciate the technical mastery associated with its creation. And yet something just does not match. It feels almost like the script was overwritten, and * every * a single moment when Kelly could break into the dance or Sinatra's song was noticed, and that's what happened. There was no opportunity to raise the music number ... and probably the biggest weakness of the film. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few) and no matter how big you are a fan of Kelly or Sinatra, after a while it really starts to turn. (Compare this, for example, with ten numbers in ON THE TOWN.) You can feel that every song, every dance, can not be taken out of the movie without leaving it devoid of ... and it's true. But this is also because the writers were not more reserved in adding them in the first place. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble does not mean that there is nothing good in HIGH BINDERS. Musical * is * splashed with great songs exploding everywhere, like Kelly and Sinatra duets ('We Hate To Leave', 'I Begged Her' and 'If You Knew Susie'), Sinatra singing ('What Makes The Sunset', 'The Charm' Of You ", and best of all" I Fall In Love Too Easily ") and undoubtedly always ingenious, always breathtaking Kelly dance. It is also difficult to see this in the cast of this caliber. Grayson is cute and seems to improve every watching (her voice becomes more stunning than frightening); The role of Jose Iturbi is written with compassion and it's great to do it; even Brooklyn Clarence, Pamela Britton, is charming and charming ... as close as you can get to Betty Garrett without Garrett alone! Sinatra is adorable with these blue eyes and curls and wonderfully plays an innocent boy (role he repeats in the SITE). His singing is, as usual, simply flawless, from saying to time and phrasing. His solo numbers may seem a bit long, but when you've got the voice of the century, presenting it is probably just as good a reason to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene Genius Kelly in this movie deserves its own paragraph. Thirdly, in the accounts for Sinatra and Grayson, ANCHORS AWEIGH really is Kelly's film. His Joe Brady is a credible, real hero - he is tough on the outside, bold and eager to lie, when it is necessary to win the gala, but in reality is the biggest softy in the middle. Kelly makes it cute and not depressing, but gives Joe the real advantage that you see in the scene when Joe chases Brooklyn around the room with a real murderous look on his face and a breakfast tray in his hands. A * dance * - again, the film suffers from "too much good spoiling the effect syndrome", as is the case with Sinatra singing. But once again, if Gene Kelly is doing a softshoe or tapping a screen in a sailor suit or dressed as a bandit boss ... he may well be wandering on the side of replanting! All Kelly's dances are breathtaking, whether it's the simplified simplicity of his tap with Sinatra to "I Begged Her", his "Mexican Hat Dance" with a sweet, wide-open girl, or his rich Spanish dance "La Cumparsita". Of course, the classic image left in the minds of the audience at all times would be Kelly in the red, white and blue sailor costume, dancing with Jerry's "Tom and Jerry". Certainly, the deserved memory of the golden film - it is not uncommon to say that he was impressed by the special effects in the film from 1945, Considering the saturation of CGI on the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, and Kelly always goes to his place and looks exactly where he should look. * It would turn out that almost the only people who really could keep up with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the first bold, ingenious dances between Kelly and Jerry reserved a seat for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the history of the film and the hearts of lovers of the classic film. But it is also remarkable that this is the first of Kelly / Sinatra's three film collaborations, and although it is too extensive, there are still a few hours of entertainment. See it first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
