D.W. Griffith could make any film after the huge financial success of the "Birth of the nation"; he decided to make the most ambitious film so far, "Intolerance". He took the risk of introducing such innovations in the editing and form of the film, which led to a known wreck of a financial train. Buster Keaton does not risk with "Three Ages", a parody of "Intolerance". This is Keaton's first feature film (he only played in "The Saphead"). He had an emergency plan to divide the three episodes in the movie into three separate shorts that Griffith did with Intolerance. Keaton did not have to. Chaplin has already succeeded in full-length comedies, so if Keaton risked here, he was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin has already done a parody of another film from "Burlesque on Carmen" (1915). Keaton also seems to refer to this film. The stock scene in the era of ancient Rome refers to the sword fight, which turns into wrestling in Chaplin's film. The comic distance from the plot of both scenes is also the same. In addition, Chaplin's film imitated DeMille's shining "Carmen" style, and Chaplin's film seemed a tribute to the film. Keaton does not try radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature in his parody, but it still seems to respect "intolerance." At least stories are not told completely straight, as in other films after "intolerance", such as "Leaves from Satan's book" by Dreyer (Blade af Satans bog, 1921) and "Destiny" by Fritz Lang (Der Müde Tod, 1921). There is some gentle jumping back and forth between episodes. <br /> <br /> However, Keaton risked his physical, daring comedy. It is Keaton who inadvertently does not jump over buildings in the modern episode. Apparently he was convinced to change the stage, instead of trying to jump again. And not only did Keaton take the risk; for example, the anachronistic baseball gag was quite dangerous. So, in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, took a risk with his big movie. And I think they both succeeded.
