A well-known cinematic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars that went to actors playing physically or mentally handicapped. The first of these was the Marlee Matlin award for "Children of a Lesser God" in 1986, and the next ten years were to see the next award "Best Actress" (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no fewer than five "best actor of the award (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 for "Scent of a Woman", Tom Hanks in 1994 for "Forrest Gump" and Geoffrey Rush) in 1996 for "Shine") for the performance of disabled people. Matlin, who played deaf woman, is deaf, but all others are physically fit. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon aroused some unsuccessful comment, with suggestions that these awards were given more for political correctness than for the quality of acting. When Jodie Foster failed to win "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some saw it as evidence of opposition to this kind of performance. However, I believe that most of these awards were well-deserved. I thought the 1992 award should have been given to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey, not Pacino, but otherwise the only one I would not agree with would be Hanks, and that's because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne to perform in "The Madness of King George. "In this movie, Hawthorne played, of course, a mentally ill person. <br /> <br />" My left foot "was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christa Brown Brown was born in 1931, One of the thirteen children He was born with cerebral palsy and was initially wrongly thought to be mentally retarded For a long time he was unable to move or speak, but eventually he found that he could control the movements of one part of the body, the left foot (hence the title) He learned to write and draw, holding a piece of chalk between his fingers, and then became a painter and published writer and poet. <br /> <br /> Living in the working class at Du In the thirties and forties it may be difficult to dine, and the city that Jim Sheridan (Dubliner himself) shows us is in many respects a grim, gray, carefree place, very different from our normal idea of ​​"Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another film with the Irish theme "In the Name of a Father"). However, against this should be placed the joy and spirit of its inhabitants, especially the Brown family. Many of Christy's successes stemmed from the support he received from his parents who did not want to let him institutionalize and always believed in intelligence hidden under the mutilated exterior and from siblings. We see his brothers circling him in a specially prepared trolley and helping his father build a private room in the yard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily turn into sentimentalism and end up as another film about the "triumph over adversity". This is not caused by many factors, mainly a great acting game. In his career Day-Lewis gave some great performances, but this, along with the last "There Will Be Blood", is his best. He is no less than 100% convincing as Christie; his tortured, violent movements and tense attempts to speak convince us that we are really seeing a disabled person, although we know intellectually that Day-Lewis is physically fit. Other performances that stand out are Fiona Shaw as his mentor Dr. Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Brenda Fricker as mother Christy (who won the award "Best Supporting Actress"). <br /> <br /> Another reason why the movie defies sentimentality is that it does not try to sentiment his main character. Christy Brown had a hard life, but he could also be difficult to live, and the film gives us a portrait of "warts and everything". He was a heavy drunk, with vulgar language and susceptible to bursts of rage. He could also be selfish and manipulate around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, he also shows us positive aspects - his courage, determination and bad sense of humor. Acting Day-Lewis is not only convincing physically, because he convinces us to believe in his disability, but also emotionally and intellectually convincing, because he brings out all these aspects of Christy's character. His Oscar was won as a result of strong opposition from Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but he deserved it. 8/10
