The classic feature film by Jackie Chan POLICE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and timeless contemporary police activists who ever came out of Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to make a movie that would include ordinary kung fu, as well as sharp shootings and other "urban" activities that later became very popular and typical for HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY combines these two elements of action and styles, and the result is as wild as it seems. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, the police who protect an important witness (Brigitte Lin), who will soon testify against a powerful gangster boss and his circle of criminal activity. Girlfriend Jackie is playing young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as crazy as in her next roles, such as Heroic Trio (and sequel) Johnnie To, Savior of the Soul Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others many more. The plot in POLICE STORY is very simple, but it is an action, why this film was made in the first place. <br /> <br /> Jackie did all of his character's acrobatics by himself, and also hurt a lot of scenes, some of which are also in the finished movie, like at the end, in which Jackie hits his head (near the eye) by a very nasty , a sharp piece of glass. Also, the members of the stunt team Jackie almost died during the filming of this film. The scene where the bus stops right in front of Jackie, spewing hijackers through the windshield, went really bad when the bus stopped too early and the stuntmen did not fly as they should. They had to fly a car parked in the front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they hit the hospital with asphalt injuries. During the end credits, there are behind the scenes the image and images of these wounded actors, and everything looks really bad and almost tasteless, but thankfully no one was killed or wounded too seriously. <br /> <br /> The action is more than abundant and imaginative, what an action director (Chan) can expect. The legendary bus scene and shopping center at this stage is most likely one of the wildest scenes that any action movie can provide. Jackie always tells how important edit is (which is true) and really shows up in his action scenes and their time, which is perfect and makes movies look so ultra kinetic, for example in comparison to Hollywood actions. There are almost no free moments here, and these moments are interesting, and the movie never gets boring and difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But there is another negative point that I can not stand in the action comedies of HK. comedy itself. Comedy is not fun, especially since the mistakes and amateur elements of the script are not accidental, but because of the writer he wanted to add them there, not necessarily understanding that they are signs of a bad script and stupid dialogue. I mean those scenes, like the murder attempt at the beginning, when the killer just screams and screams, makes faces and behaves like a drunk clown from some nightmare, and he is there to "murder" this girl. This kind of acting is stupid and inept and I would not like to see him in a movie that would be very good in his genre. Characters also talk about their thoughts, which is also a sign of a bad scenario because these "loud thoughts" are simply clear, even for the stupidest viewer, and thus things are too simple and "light". Even if the film is comic and not so serious, this kind of stupidity should not be there and you can not forgive them too easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE STORY is fast speed, full hit, balls to share on the walls a wonder adventure from Hong Kong and from the time when Jackie was very sad because of the bad result he got from American production. The protector because he did not have the same thoughts about the film as the director James Glickenhaus, and he did not do it. t please, the audience, and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make a more personal and ingenious movie. It definitely did, and the result is as wild as it was when it was in the 80's. This is one of the craziest action movies that would be perfect without the flaws I mentioned. 7/10
