Jackie Chan's Police Story is a breakthrough movie for both Honk Kong's action genre and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Direction / writing Chan, Police Story has a basic theme, like all films from that era and genre, and like most films from the genre of Police Storys, the script has nothing to rave about. But the story of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a nice policeman, fighting for the conviction of a local gang lord. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and it is not the best directing effort that Jackie Chan has given us that responsibility falls on the underestimated masterpiece "Miracles". However, the work that Jackie does is sufficient and respectable. The outstanding directing of the film is related to the fight scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this film also differ depending on how Jackie gives a very solid typical Khan nice guy against this role, but it's not his best acting role, which could be seen in a directed by Sammo Hung movie "The heart of the dragon." Other actors in the film also give a good, solid performance, as Jackie with Bridgete Lin, who plays his part of the reluctant witness quite well, but does not have the full potential of acting. The distinctive game comes from Maggie Cheung as a suffering girl Jackies and Bill Tung as a nice and funny police chief. None of the performances in this movie have a low enough standard to affect the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> The action of the film is what really separates the film from others with delightful contemporary choreography to suit the urbanized, modern scenery. The action is one of the greatest fighting scenes ever set before the camera. In the beginning there is a shooting in the slums, where Koo (ganglord) does business with drugs, not being a sequence of styles by John Woo, it serves as a good start to the movie. Then comes the famous car running down the slope and through the heart of the slums destroying everything that is in sight. It's a breathtaking sequence that has been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the movie is another unique sequence when Jackie tries to move Bridgete Lin from her home to his. This is really the first scene in which we can see an amazing fast melee, which has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, synchronized and smoothly edited to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition demands, the sequence of struggle for a unique character is at the end of the movie. This sequence displays some of Chans' best choreographies, acrobatics and camera / assembly work. This sequence is now famous for two things: the number of people sent by high-density glass, which must be said as a phenomenal number of people, and the end performance, where Jackie jumps out of the fifth floor of the balcony, grabs the pole and slides down through the glass roof ( you have to believe it). While both of these factors are extremely ingenious, I think that the most impressive part of this battle sequence is Chans' ability to include anything in the combat sequence and the originality of the choreography, which has never been better for me. I also believe that the action in Police Story is one of the best shot and assembled actions in the career of Chans, which help distinguish the action from others. <br /> <br /> In general, Police Story, despite its unexpected storyline and script in the middle because of the story, is one of the best action movies of all time displaying the best Chans choreography, the best filmed action and probably its most spectacular feat that makes it the most important viewing for everyone. Then we watch the action movie Chan !!
