This is my favorite movie about Jackie Chan and in the interview, Jackie said it was also his favorite movie. Includes unbelievable acrobatics and sequences of fighting with jaws, as well as some very funny scenes. This movie was Brandon Lee's favorite film, which used parts in Rapid Fire, and was also picked up in Tango and Cash, which used some of the original scenes. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays a police officer in Hong Kong. The story immediately goes into a fantastic chase through the shanties and continues as Jackie descends from the hill and jumps onto a mobile bus to catch the evil Ku (which is one of the biggest villains in every movie by Jackie Chan). very funny scenes when Jackie tries to balance her duty as a policeman with her friend, played by Maggie Chung. His job is to protect the secretary Ku who has enough information to kill him, but even this creates a lot of problems. Jackie is absolutely the best here. The last scene of fighting in the mall is my favorite scene for everyone - period. It was the most intense fight I've ever seen, Jackie, and reaches the top in slipping down the post amidst the exploding lights. In general, one of his biggest stunts he has ever done and left him with skin ripped off his hands. He was lucky that he was not electrocuted because the person responsible for the stuntman used high voltage instead of lower voltage. <br /> <br /> In total, another classic by Chan and by far one of his biggest films. At the end of this movie, you can say that he had absolutely nothing back, just like his stuntman. So many of his stuntmen were injured during the film that no one insured them - Jackie had to take responsibility. There are no tricks, wires or stand-ins - all this is a real game that you can watch. This is the kind of action that made him a phenomenon that is and is a movie that will amaze people for 100 years. If you have not seen this movie and are a fan of Jackie Chan or general action, do it and watch this movie. It's really great.
