Shakespeare's bars were a strangely uplifting document despite its content. Condemned in Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky who raped, murdered etc.? and surrounded by bad people in a clearly depressing environment, find something that they really like and can become important, popular and celebrated in action. There are parallel themes of "Redemption Shawshank" with their institutionalized nature and the search for forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. Following the generous, judgmental director who abandons his time every year to direct some prisoners to the chosen play of William Shakespeare (this time the "Storm", which was cleverly presented along with prisoners who could relate to her so much with his keen focus on forgiveness and redemption, in which he confides and to which he refers), we are presented to every actor in formal interviews, which are well-kept, with recorded materials from their rehearsals. Each actor has his own story and talks about his regrets and the reasons why they are in emotional style with melancholic music over each in the traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. The director seems to immediately realize who is the most interesting prisoner in Samma (and later Hal) and allows for a longer, more in-depth observation of the man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen, and his personal revelations are a shock for the audience, but give him such an appeal in his emotional personality and feel special empathy towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has other things he does to kill time that turned out to be a comfortable hobby as it was in running a news broadcast program on the spot. Again, thanks to personal interviews and revelations that Hal himself admitted (and the nicely shot Hal's body language, not the closeness of his uncertain hand movement not only observed him with him but also with others), in particular his heart felt the story of being insecure and scared his true sexuality in a society that would not be a homosexual, and until later in a film that turns out to be fairly grim and rude to other prisoners involved in art, as if he considered himself first and foremost, especially to Ron, who he already has a frustrating temperament in his acting. The relationship between all prisoners involved in art is shown as respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves. With nice (if not stereotypical) movements of passing titles, etc.? everything seems to go well in the first act, and then in building for a public performance, things are going to go badly forever. The induction of one of the transferred actors and the replacement of his character with a younger, younger prisoner gives the narrative a nice subplot to someone who promises a big one, but ultimately disappoints everyone and does not meet their expectations. One of the prisoners (Big-G) welcomes the new actor-prisoner (Rick) with a clear will to cultivate him in their beloved practice and hopefully he will become a good role model. The film seems to convey the passion of every prisoner with something that the audience can relate to, especially when Rick is placed in the "Bow" for getting new tattoos (something nicely pointed out earlier in the film when the head stops a casual prisoner in the yard) and asks him when he got a tattoo on his arm and we find out that it is a punishable offense in the facility) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. Happy ending? Everything looks great when they play successfully (even invited to perform somewhere else) and a sense of true unity resonates around them, but in the end the film brings everyone down, it is short-lived and everything they ever had or wanted and was and will always be picked them up. This is a return to prison to pay for their crimes and no matter what redemption they seek, playing these plays, they will not be free people, their proud performances and recognition are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of low criminals and a pleasant detention in uplifting music, which plays in a long corridor, which coincides with switching off the lights and closing the door, is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he was watching nice people in a documentary film, giving at the end of the film additional information about the future of each actor from the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them.
