If you intend to play in the prison walls, why not choose the best playwright William Shakespeare? And if you're going to choose your cast from among the many criminals who serve long sentences for the most heinous crimes, you can be sure there will be plenty of time to try. In a prison prison in Kentucky, a brave project like this one was carried out with amazing results. This movie shows how everything was done? Casting? Attempts? Set and costumes? And the final presentation of Shakespeare's The Tempest. It did not occur to me before, but there is an analogy between the setting of art and the prison prison. In the game, the characters ruined by the ship are limited to the island without contact with the outside world. Life in prison is similar. <br /> <br /> With simple, painted drops of the surrounding seascape, the characters in the most pleasant range of costumes shout their lines to the approving audience, maybe not quite what Shakespeare meant, but with a good heart and true honesty for sure. <br /> <br /> More interesting than the art itself were small scenes with each person behind his character. One of the prisoners saw art as a lesson of forgiveness, another as a redemption of his sins. It was quite touching when men wiped away a tear when they talked about murder, shooting and strangling. They had the impression that everyone would like to turn the clock back and reconsider their violent actions. However (as someone said) the past was a past, and the present was the beginning of a new future. At least the art gave temporary relief from depressing thoughts about past events. <br /> <br /> Prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the game to be played. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and hopefully other prisons could follow their good example. It seems to me that everyone can benefit not only from the prison in Kentucky, but also from prisoners themselves, who need to find new self-confidence and self-esteem and be prepared for the day when they go out on parole.
