Films like this and C.R.A.Z.Y. they make me very sad about American gay movies. With the exception of Brokeback Mountain breaks and looks, there are several other well-known American films with such depth and sincerity as the film "Bubble". This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, Israle and the Palestinian. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples in the early stages of their relationships will struggle with those who call the next or who will say "I love you". Early love of Noam and Ashwar complicates suicide bombings, armed security checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept, and like Ashwar, who is an Arab, it's clear that most of Tel Aviv's residents probably do not. <br /> <br /> One of the most moving moments, and there are many of them in this film, is when Noam and Ashwar participate in the production of "Bent". We, as film viewers, see how they view this play, and the effect it has on them is deeply grasped in their eyes. And finally this moving moment takes place in a very sad way in the finale of the film. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are outstanding as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is a genius in creating a convincing and interesting story about Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet styles. And while most movies have sex in them (almost as a sport), this story goes back to an old tried and true version of sex with love and passion combined. It's so refreshing. Also refreshing is the view of two gays presented as people, not cartoons. In this movie are cartoon characters. This is not the case of two gays who want to change. Somewhere on this page, I think I have read the comparison between this film and "friends". Well, not really. Yes, they are youthful figures stumbling over their first restless steps into adulthood and relationships. But I do not recall being "smashed up" as a background for the insipid threads in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. He has a heart and a heartbreak. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in the pristine glory of its full bloom. Nevertheless, it is a very satisfying movie to watch.
