This film is the total reinterpretation of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one of Tel Aviv and the other of Nablus. Between them is the border and the continuing state of war with the Israeli army, which is everywhere present, and Palestinian fighters everywhere else using bombs. The situation is quite bleak. We can imagine love in this huge trap without love. But the film goes a few years away, imagining that two lovers are gays, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. There are no restrictions in Nablus. The conflict between the two nations, the two communities, is therefore twofold due to the conflict between the two cultures and two ethics. But it can even be bearable if the war does not bring an extra dimension. Sister Ashrafa will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. He can not accept it, but he agrees to talk about it later. From the wedding, the newly married husband sends a commando to Tel Aviv to organize a bomb attack. It takes place in a cafe in Tel Aviv, and one friend of Noam is badly wounded. Bad enough. Isareli's army sends a commando to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but becomes sour and the newly married wife is shot on the street. The funeral takes place after the wedding. Husband and widower are applying for a suicide bomb attack. Ashraf will be happy to take his place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill several people to avenge his sister. He comes to a restaurant managed by Noam's friends. But Noam sees him and goes out to talk to him. Ashraf has returned to the middle of the street and is detonating a bomb when Noam reaches him on the street. Revenge connects two lovers in death. So we have a double conflict, but we do not have the prince of Verona, a neutral character that can impose peace, and what is worse, it seems that the prince has chosen parties and is on the side of Israel. The game is completely false and death is certain on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is all the stronger because it is doubled by art in film, art that shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one in a yellow star, and another in a pink triangle. This is strikingly powerful and surprisingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. The film shows that love in Tel Aviv or Nablus is impossible. The film is a condemnation of the conflict in Palestine, which can not last, although there is no reason to even exist, although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never allow Britain to deal with this region a long time ago. Today we must find a solution where no one will be humiliated. It will only succeed if everyone has come together to find a lasting solution. But so far, everyone is trying to avoid this general confrontation and discussion favoring bilateral manipulation. So suffering will last, and love will be forbidden, of course not sex, because children are needed for the war to go on: let us proclaim more and more small soldiers. But love is just an extraterrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
