It is hard not to like Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films that describe life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gays can have in these regions. In addition, he also gave voice to the younger generations and their extraordinary part who really need peace and who no longer want to pay attention to the war which for too long meant the existence of people both in Israel and in Palestine. These reasons are, in my opinion, enough to make Fox a notable director, even if his sense of melodrama is uncontrolled. However, fans of his films (which he made in a band with Gal Uchovsky, its producer, co-writer and also a companion of life) do not seem to upset this, because his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), has the same success of the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo and Juliet", set in today's Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) in place of two young Shakespeare lovers, the movie is really quite different from this, or better, it's also something else . In fact, the title bubble is the world in which the leading man, Noam, played by Fox Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI and JAGGER, but I must admit I miss Jagger, amazing Yehuda Levi!) And his two roommates, a guy and a girl, decided to live. About thirty years old, anxious, witty and firm (despite the fact that the hero spent a certain period as a national service at a checkpoint on the border with Palestine), to live a life that will not only be a war. The two boys are gay and together with the girl they founded a trio in which they love and support each other brotherly. Their lives are about to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) a young Palestinian who came to Tel Aviv. The rights so far in the group are neglected, but not the will to help one friend. It will still not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is secret in Israel, and meanwhile his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know that he is gay, can not wait to settle the wedding with a very beautiful girl who is a relative of the future future sister Ashrafa who is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility in the development of the conspiracy, with consequences not only for two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (an interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn, a tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focuses on the obstacles that the relationship between Noam and Ashraf is facing, it does not omit other characters that turn out to be well-written (for example Golan, boyfriend Yelli, colleague Noam, introduced as a live boor, and then revealed as sweeter and aptly performed (apart from these two tracks, we can not underestimate the funny Zohar Liby and the lovely Daniela Virtzer, a gang girlfriend, and the LATE MARRIAGE Lior Ashkenazi star appears as a cameo). It also combines gloomy sounds with more brilliant ones, even if the director can not do without a melodramatic ending. I watched the movie over a month ago, and in the meantime I often thought about it, proving that Fox and his buddy had the talent to hit the house.
