Since the appearance of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily affected by reports of unhappy love. Even more fascinating stories were always about impossible love, love that can not be. The latest film by Israeli director Eytan Fox "The Bubble" is about it. And then not either. The title of the film refers to the "bubble", or Tel-Aviv against the background of the political realities of Israel. The cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country has little in common with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank, which is also in the film. It has little to do with the tense and hateful atmosphere of Palestinian control points. Actually, it has nothing to do with anything that surrounds it. The bubble in Tel Aviv allows people to have a lifestyle that is not too different from what you can expect in any western city. Teenage girls are looking for discs Britney Spears, an editor of the lifestyle magazine looking for a sexy cover his next issue, fashionable people sitting in trendy cafes, discussing fashionable things over cappuccino and other trendy drinks while those at home are watching the local Pop Idol. It is this bubble that has the potential to lull the mind into a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share a flat and mostly try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the owner of the camp and the manager of "Orna and Ella", a hip-hop cafe, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the nonsense that surrounds them. " Noam, a soft and laid-back employee of an athletic record store, seems equally reluctant to engage in long political discussions and contemplations. Lulu, the only woman from this party, is opposed to the Israeli left, though her political activity seems to be limited to admiration against the occupation. "Yelli and Noam naturally do not oppose participation in them. Lulu her political friends make rave shirts, put up posters and distribute brochures advertising them in the neighborhood, and their main concern is that there are never any actual Palestinians and that the police can come and spoil all Close to a real confrontation that they get into a fight with not so friendly Palestinians inhabitants, who try to prevent them from giving out leaflets, in other words, predictable bubble products. <br /> <br /> The film opening scene takes us to the checkpoint on the road to Nablus, where we also find Noama performing his reserve duties. A group of Palestinians are thoroughly checked before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who is suddenly born and gives birth to a dead child despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who will eventually arrive by ambulance. The woman is comforted by a young man who later appears on the threshold of Noam in Tel-Aviv with his identity card, which apparently fell during the rehearsal on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is a Palestinian and he is gay. And he just did not come to hand over the ID card, he came to see Noam. Without permission to live in Israel, and despite the initial hesitation on the part of Roommates Noama remains. He soon gets a Jewish name and a job at Yella's cafe. Growing up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, there is no Arabic accent that allows him and his newly found friends to hide their identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. It became part of an equation that was never meant to be. <br /> <br /> At one point, Noam and Ashraf watch the play Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a love relationship that may never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together on a different level, metaphysical, on a level where no one else has access. It is also a place where our couple finally arrives. And it could not be completely different for them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> "The Bubble" is a political statement about a bubble that breaks in the face of the political realities of today's Israel against the backdrop of a beautiful and awkward love story involving an Israeli and Palestinian, impossible love story in a divided world in which no it has things like compromise or other colors than black and white. "Bąbel" is also a beautiful film about people, homosexual and simple, living in this strange city, Tel-Aviv, shown through the eyes of people who really care for them. Creating a movie can have its drawbacks, and the disastrous chain of events may seem somewhat misinterpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not remain intact.
