The Israeli-Palestinian conflict persists, and although the world may be aware of violence around the division of the two countries, few have an indication of another aspect of the division - a group of people who want peace and seek to eliminate separation. Eytan Fox in THE BUBBLE ("Ha-Buah") created a much-needed alternative view of the schism, deciding to tell a story that contains a bit of good humor, a lot of love and a taste of brutal reality. This is a window for a situation that begs for understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very gay young man who works in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome, somewhat shy man who, apart from his daily work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time as a guard at the city's checkpoints. During one of these weekends, he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef "Joe" Sweid) and there is mutual interest. Three friends decide to "postpone" illegally presented Ashraf (whom they call Israeli name), while Ashraf and Noam establish a love relationship, Yali rents Ashrafa in his cafe, and Yali and Lulu discover interest in love too. Everything goes well until Ashraf returns home to his sister's wedding. Although Ashraf was openly in Tel Aviv with Noam, life is completely different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is said to marry his sister's future sister. Trying to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu dress up as French reporters to access Ashraf. At the time of the alleged seclusion, Noam and Ashraf discover that they are kissing the future groom, and this act gives a reason for blackmail, so Ashraf remains "in the closet." <br /> <br /> While young people in Tel Aviv are dancing at the party to pay attention to peaceful coexistence, the attack in Jerusalem - an attack that has serious consequences not only immediately, but also in the revenge mission that Ashraf must now accept. The ending is tragic at many levels and underlines how serious the problem is between the two countries. <br /> <br /> Acting is so natural that the audiences are completely convinced by beautiful audiences from both comedy and tragedy. History finds the right balance between serious and carefree and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox such a great writer / director. More people should watch this important and very good movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
