I am currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, so I could see this amazing movie. A bit of a warning before I start writing: I speak fluent Hebrew, so the Hebrew parts were not a problem; however, about a quarter (slightly less) of the film is in Arabic, and I could not understand a bit of this inscription. This did not diminish my understanding of the film, but it made me miss a few jokes that caused strong laughs in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema, which many have named one of the best years for homosexual cinema and relationships, something really special is needed to stand with the head and shoulder above the rest; However, "The Bubble" surpasses all others by combining great acting, witty dialogue and the right political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens at the checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments we are not sure what kind of film we went. However, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are still in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as the hero in this film. It is constantly canceled. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. Skyline and development of the city are quite severely criticized, and eventually the city evolves along with the film The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and the Palestinian immigrant Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with the societies of Tel Aviv and Palestine serve as a permanent foil . We always know that their relationship is forbidden, which creates a sense of urgency rare in the cinema. Love is incredibly strong and is the central element of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are just as strong: the extravagant relationship of the owner of the Yella restaurant (Yousef "Joe" Sweid) with ultra-butch and golan truss, Golan (Zohar Liba), is especially a source of entertainment. The love scenes that abound in this movie are exquisite, well-made works of art, and the photos are amazing: on the first love scene the camera moves down when the man gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) and dissolves into an injection of Noam and Ashraf. This view of many others leads the viewer to realize that all these relationships are an expression of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> It would be a tragedy to devote much of the story, but know that there are many political tensions and tragedies that are affecting the current global political climate, so I will focus on a witty dialogue. Even watching this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing. The lines of particular amusement include the question of whether homosexual suicide bombers accept virgin women or men in heaven, and Sampson's analogy to the Bible as the first suicide bomber in the world. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in the cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is used only when the characters can or should listen to it, and on one stage the music weakens when the character removes one handset and stops when he removes the other. Small elements, such as this, really raise the level of the film. <br /> <br /> I could not give a greater recommendation to the film; it is a wonderful work of cinema, which is cathartic and extremely well made.
