This first installment of the personal work of Magnus Crispin Glover requires some thought, so it can not be recommended to viewers who do not want to sit and stack Glover's photos or follow a surprisingly simple, but strangely darkened? the thread of his narrative. For a more casual viewer, yes, it will probably be a misleading mish-mash of strange, surprising and disturbing images for the sake of images. <br /> <br /> You have the impression that Glover does not mind that it is so, and he will almost happily hear why someone hated the movie, why he liked it. Glover's innate zeal and his work, and the way in which the viewers interpret it, is strongly communicated not only through the film itself, but also through the extraordinary sessions of questions and answers that he often performs after the shows; apparently he hopes people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and reject a movie is to label it as Dada or nihilist, a youthful attack on the modern film industry with an actor who worked both without and inside. But there's a reason Glover makes his slide show before showing his film, and it's not just about selling books; his books combine and create a narrative of images and text that Glover put together and what is it? he does likewise with paintings taken from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is this? it's a captivating and captivating movie in a way that is hard to come by while watching. Much has been done about the use of Down's syndrome by Glover, and it's one of the most striking aspects of this movie. In fact, it is so shocking that many seem to interpret it as a kind of long-distance crusade to see a more realistic and / or a dignified image of disabled people in movies and on television? Or, at the absolute end of the spectrum, as a kind of direct exploitation of people with disabilities. But this is also not and perhaps is part of what makes this film so uncomfortable for many: the basic agenda is not political or hatred, but looks beyond the culture of the mainstream to the kind of ugliness from the outside. This is not a movie about Down's syndrome, but it's a movie that's owned by the actors with Down's syndrome who appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am the type of person who is completely gung-ho, when it comes to ugliness and strangeness portrayed so harshly that it is beautiful; Luckily for me, this is exactly what it is? presents to viewers. Glover uses strange images of snails, deaths and disabled people, because he wants his audience to feel discomfort both because of the strangeness of images and the visceral reaction to the dying cries of the anthropomorphized snail. In some respects weirdly convincing (and sometimes even grotesque) elements of What Is It? Remind me of the work of the painter Francis Bacon? he from the infamous popes, yes, and strange distortions of the human figure, which inevitably force the audience to cringe and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film is rich and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well-made? and contradictions help to make him even more worrying. But still it is not a completely serious film and largely manages to avoid the biggest trap of grudges thanks to the use of humor, which mostly comes from the use (and juxtaposition) of known objects, paintings and names Popular culture. And what is it? it's fun, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? is Glover's impressive first film as a director and screenwriter, and his presence as an actor in the film turns out to be almost irreversible. Watching it is like being an observer in a kind of sleep that is not exactly good or bad, but just weird? and that makes you feel slightly dirty when you wake up. If it's the kind of art you like, What is it? probably surpass your expectations and it will be worth the effort to catch him in the theater, along with The Big Slide Show and Glover. In general, it is an experience that can not be forgotten in the near future.
