What else can I say? The Americans hated it completely because the cuts in the US were so bad, although good will could be detected in them. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the American cinema version (along with the newly released version of Blu-ray Disc), it is faster and tighter than HK, background music has changed from dark, gloomy HK music to hip-hop music; and there were many scary scenes cut out. Although dubbing was a remarkable job, because they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is that the Hak Hap (Black Mask) movie was designed and meant to be dark, gloomy, very disturbing and completely macabre. Unfortunately, the American publishing house just x-rayed the cream they wanted, which ultimately completely changed the film's semi-finished product (the HK edition was rated 18+) to make it even more comical and amateur. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about the original HK Edition now. This film is like a hidden jewel, a prototype of the whole "matrix" of the high tide and the era. The battle scenes are absolutely amazing, even if the work on the camera was a bit "old school" among HK films. However, the style in which the film was made was a unique mix of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the skin, black costumes and decorations, this movie presents a hero similar to a batman in a black mask against a subordinate gang of multinational super-soldiers led by the punk heavy metal rock boss. Yes, it sounds like the imagination of a delayed child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares with the participation of foreigners fighting in bloody whips in leather coats. In 2002, they made a sequel, which had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters of the film and had strong personalities and interesting friendship. And did I remember Francois Yipie? Her kick from the lap was completely cool, even cooler than the boss of the villains, because she did not use the stuntman for all fights. Did I mention that she was also hot-burned? In any case, there are many things you can like in the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the movie also struggled with many problems. First of all, it is a mediocre scenario created for its best potential, which means that the production team deserved a better screenwriter. Within 100 minutes there are many culminations, but often they felt stretched and did not make the audience's senses (the American version was even worse, because all the changes of the characters were cut out). In any case, you can not ask too much about a comic-inspired action movie. Also this movie is completely inappropriate for children. I do not recommend it if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing contents, including blood, gore, sado-mas costume, extreme brutal violence, and so on. Along with the style of the movie, you can call it a wet dream for fans of heavy-rock music and action fans. (Cutting in the US was milder, but if you want to see them, see what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspiring, hidden, undervalued, adult.
