After the release of The Straight Story in 1999, he was praised for the first film by David Lynch, who ignored his regular macabre and surrealistic motifs. Based on the real story of one man and his journey to his strange brother on the John Deere '66 mower, at first glance this is a strange story for Lynch. However, with the development of the story, you can see some of the motifs characteristic of Lynch. <br /> <br /> The focus of Lynch on a small town in America and its inhabitants is still as common as in his previous efforts, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most noticeable difference is that the quirk is limited. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has a remarkable distinction as one of the few live action films I can think of rated G. Extremely significant, these films are proof that you can produce beautiful and meaningful family movies. <br /> <br /> A simple story was the first movie that Lynch directed where he had no hand in writing. For many Lynch fans, it was a huge negative point. Almost universally recognized, the only overly negative review of James Brundage of filmucritic.com focused on the same criticism that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is struggling with a form of G-Rated history that does not belong to him." Brundage claims that his hero Alvin Straight "quotes poems directly from Confucious." He claims that history is weak and dialogue is even worse. However, this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. While it is true that it is not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all movies that I also love, The Straight Story presents another Lynch page, which is by no means terrible. If you're a Lynch fan, the most important thing is to separate this Lynch page from that feature. <br /> <br /> The narration is slow and thoughtful, which gives a real sense of the hero's thoughts while traveling his goal. Alvin constantly remembers his past and relationships with his wife, children and brother. However, it is particularly important that there is no retrospection, which only increases the effect that reminded me of my conversations with grandparents. The conclusion is like watching a boat float down a slow meandering river and watching is beautiful. The natural landscapes of the United States are accented, and with the beautiful soundtrack of Angelo Badalamenti, I want to go to America. The performances are also excellent, and every actor is credible in his roles, and Richard Farnsworth is particularly perfect. His Oscar nomination was very well deserved and it's a shame he did not win. Regardless, this is probably the best swan song for every actor. <br /> <br /> So while The Straight Story does not contain Lynch's complex narratives or trademark dialogues, the movie is a fascinating study of the characters on aging and is highly recommended!
