Who would have thought that a movie about a man who rides a few hundred kilometers on the mower to see his brother could be a good movie? Certainly not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences in my life. Well, I was just as bad as I was not wrong anymore because it's one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Short CV "The Straight Story" It is not too difficult. It's an old and stubborn man who walks into the mower and goes to another state to visit his brother when he hears that the man has suffered a serious stroke. This is unique, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother in ten years because of some stupid argument. In the meantime, he has bad luck and problems, but he also meets many people whose lives affect in one way or another his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties she has been struggling for weeks without knowing whether she will reach her goal: re-meeting with her brother before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who do not I like this movie and therefore I will not say that these people do not have heart or such things ... This movie has no flashy action scenes, it is as slow as the mower goes on and off, you do not have to watch it to get a nice soundtrack because there is none. But why should you watch it? A simple answer is history. I have not seen such a moving movie with such a powerful history and the fact that it really comes from Hollywood and - to be even better - with Disney Studio (it's true, the same studies that overwhelm us with sweet sugar nonsense) makes it even more special. I am not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes several times while watching, probably because the whole situation in which I have not seen someone for many years because of some stupid argument is too realistic for me. > <br /> Some say the story is very shallow, but I really do not agree with it. Perhaps because they only see the old man riding on the mower and do not want to think further. If you look closely enough, you will understand that this man does all this because he knows that he once was wrong, that only his pride stood in the way of seeing his brother again and that he wants everyone to see it too, so they will not make the same mistake . If this is not deep enough, how much deeper history must go for you? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had it all. Some beautiful landscapes (after all, an American movie that shows something different than the panorama of New York, Chicago or some other big city), some very cool acting by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek ... and a very understandable way of speaking despite the fact that it is a movie David Lynch. I know now that I was completely wrong, assuming that this movie will not be my taste. This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This movie was directed to my heart and hit the jackpot. It gives me a full 10/10.
