When it was easy to assume that the costume drama about royalty can not go anywhere, we get a feast, a moving and intelligent drama anchored by strong and charismatic performances by Emily Blunt, the wonderful main role, Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as direct forces that help shape the development of one of the most powerful monarchs in England. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the turbulent transformation of a young woman into power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen with a good combination of raw strength and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task, but who is confident enough to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as a bright young woman who knows she needs some key players and needs to be able to stand up to those who can now have the best interests. <br /> <br /> Victoria must fight the attack of entering the crown, and even when she takes control of her new position, she discovers that the path to self-sufficiency will depend on making very important decisions and, of course, proper support. Lucky for Victoria is Albert, who seems to like her and is her soul mate. There is incredible chemistry between the two performers and there is no doubt what the result will be, but there is the figure of Prime Minister Bettany, a man who provides Victoria with wise support and is also her lover. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two parties that may have dubious character and have considerable power to bring up a young girl. Each of the supporting characters could use a bit more development opportunities, but what we see on the screen could be enough to focus on the main character and the brilliant performance of Blunt, the actress who showed enough fire and passion to perform the previous performances. In this role she got a breakthrough role in her career, a historical figure from real life that broke the rules and managed to rule for a very long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch might need in later years. It also has sweetness and innocence, which became the basis of its charitable activity and future intervention in social changes. <br /> <br /> "Young Victoria" is not a royal epic representation of the ruling class of England. This is an intimate tale of how people grow up and what special circumstances surround and shape them. After all, the film is a wonderful entry during the year, which showed great emphasis on war and destruction. There is a message in this place that good writing and good mediation can take us away, and of course there is a good, old-fashioned love story.
