Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, a plump monarch who for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, was a real hermit, in her youth led a life full of dramas and intrigues. "The Young Victoria" not only chronicles the romance of the young Queen with her future husband, but also does a pretty good job, describing the political machinations around her entry to the throne. <br /> <br /> Act I 'configuration' attracts you right away. After the death of Victoria's father, Prince of Kent in 1820. Less than a year after Victoria's birth, Princess Kent finally joined the former military officer, John Conroy, who offered his services to the widowers and her child's queen. be. Conroy insisted that Victoria be raised under the horrible "Kensington system" rules to prevent future queen contact with other children during adolescence. What's more, Victoria was forced to sleep every night in her mother's bedroom until she became queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 Parliament passed a regency act, which established that Victoria's mother would become a regent (and therefore a Warden) when Victoria joined the throne, and at the same time was a minor . At that time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted that she sign the documents, making Conroy her private secretary and treasurer. Victoria, with a strong will, would have nothing to do and she would not agree to the wretched plans of Conroy and her mother. The duchess did not like King Wilhelm, who considered him a philanderer who brought disrespect to the monarchy; The king felt that the duchess disrespected his wife. As a result, the duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. On the oversized scene, which seemed to have happened in history, the king criticized the duchess at his birthday ban, stating that his goal is to survive until Victoria reaches 18 years so that her mother will not become a regent. <br /> <br /> King Wilhelm kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to join the throne. Victoria took revenge on her mother for Conro's support, which she blamed for making her unhappy childhood. They were both banished to an isolated apartment in Buckingham Palace and for a few years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> "Young Victoria" conveys the excitement and glamor and the circumstances surrounding Victoria's coronation as Queen. Much of the film concerns the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne, prime minister of the Whig party, which unfortunately is portrayed in a film much younger than it really is. At the beginning, Melbourne gains the trust of the young queen and becomes good friends. In the early years of his reign, he perceives Melbourne as progressive, but later loses respect for him because he turns out to be a typical politician, hiding contempt for the masses he was supposed to defend. In fact, Melbourne was more like Victoria, but the movie suggests some sexual tension between the prime minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The conspiracy thickens when Melbourne is forced and the Queen must commission Sir Robert Peel from the more conservative Tory party as the new prime minister. The film tells about the events of The Bedchamber Crisis, in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her peasants with Tory wives. The film does not have another scandal involving Lady Hastings, one of the duchesses waiting for the lady who was accused of having an affair with John Conroy and getting pregnant by him. Because of the hatred of Conroy Victoria, she contributed to the spread of rumors about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings looked just like a pregnant woman. Victoria's inexperience during the crisis in the bedroom, but the screenplays ignore some of the more distasteful aspects of her character, as evidenced by Hastings' affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of "Young Victoria" deals - Of course - with the romance between the queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert waiting, as shown in the film, because she wanted to get used to her duties as a new ruler. They spent a lot of time on correspondence with each other until Albert came back to England and gave Victoria support in the difficult times of crisis in the bedroom. <br /> <br /> I find many similarities between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current husband of the queen. Although Filip is mainly a Dane, he went to school in Germany and had his in-laws of German descent. Both Albert and Philip decided to reform the label outside (there is a great scene in which Albert discovers that the servants are still setting the table for King George III, though he has not lived for years!). Alberto's fight was the same for Philip that they had to do something as monarchs. Both Albert and Philip got involved in various civic projects and proved that they do not have to live in the shadow of their always-popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, at the end of the movie is an excellent scene where Albert infuriates Victoria with what she sees as "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want the second "sleeping crisis", so he goes to the wife's head and organizes a compromise with the ladies from Victoria's bedroom. Victoria barely talks to Albert, when the killer's bullets almost refute them (in the film Albert is shot in the shoulder, but it never happened!). <br /> <br /> The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially the directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The Young Victoria ends quite rapidly, and the closing inscriptions too are bending over hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But "Victoria" is still a thrilling drama and a fascinating history lesson.
