At first I was forced to attend by my wife because she is fascinated with the royal families of Great Britain and their history, and she will not go to the cinema without me. Although viewers should not expect electrification, this film is very well made and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways, it helps to dispel the myth that Victoria was an unhappy, deprived, squat woman, usually seen in the pictures. She was a smart, intelligent and, according to the history of her early years, a happy young woman who loves to play. Her love of Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you count only the number of children she gave birth (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All this is clearly visible in the film. For this purpose the cast was well chosen, both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend, giving sound performances as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) Historical accuracy is quite doubtful because Prince Albert was shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one homicide attempt when they were together, but no one was hit by a shot. It also seemed strange to me that little was done to develop the allegedly intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is quite likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria's disgust for both her mother and Conroy. It also seemed strange to me that they tried to present the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as a wandering romantic, or at least having the potential to become romantic. He was already in the late fifties when Victoria ascended the throne, and although marriages between older men and young women were commonplace in that era, the film depicts Melbourne as a fabulous 30 things and a rival to Prince Albert. Evidently Albert had their rivals, but she could never marry a little below her position in life, and Albert was one of the few who would be acceptable in any case. <br /> <br /> In total, I spent worse moments in the cinema, and brownie points with my wife can not be bad either.
