The misfortune of Queen Victoria is described as a historical figure depending on her relationship with men. Shortly after she joined the throne, she was influenced by her prime minister, Lord Melbourne, to the extent that she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne." After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was referred to as the "Widow of Windsor", and many years later a long friendship with Scottish ghillie John Brown brought her the nickname "Mrs. Brown." in a patriarchal society. The reality is a bit different and "Young Victoria" goes in a sense towards a simple record, presenting the queen as a smart and independent young woman aware of inequality in her society and outside. The courts have always been a hotbed of jealous jealousy, conspiracy and conspiracy, naked ambition, and sometimes even murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria joined her uncle's throne, thereby initiating a positive riot of intrigues and a power struggle between prime minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne, in a sense, cuts his sophisticated cynicism and refined gems at Old Public School Man. It is hardly surprising that the young queen feels respect for him, and perhaps even a little in love, is afraid that she is ruthlessly exploiting, drawing a thin line between the attempt to seduce and attempt to rebel, when she forces her policy to better judgment Victoria. Prince Albert rides into the arena on the mission of King Leopold from Belgium, interested in the political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. Initially a reluctant competitor, he soon falls in love with the English queen and soothes the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, well-scored and very sumptuous film. I notice that in some circles he was criticized for such a sumptuous movie, as if the movie about nineteenth-century English photographers should somehow show the Empress of India and her family lives in rags in a dirty workshop ........ I do not think so. I must distinguish the extraordinary Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young princess Margaret. Her role is key, and she has absolutely no problem with the film's dominance, despite the strong performances of Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all extremely experienced. Music is suitably royal and is a coherent part of the whole movie, without being obtrusive in any way. The fact that Britan bloomed more under two great queens, Elizabeth First and Victoria, than at any other time, is a matter that feminists may want more, but I suspect that like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, really powerful women make them feel uncomfortable. If you can understand why a doctorate may be. including.
