What else can you say? I have not been so fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett appeared on the scene over ten years ago. And although Blanchett and Blunt both played Queens now (it seems to be a reference point for new and future actresses), roles are complete opposites. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you're looking for a high passion, fascinating drama, and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not a movie for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, just the theme of the film did not lead a too dramatic life compared to other known royal kings, such as Elżbieta I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor Acquitane. These are people whose lives came from such things as good soap operas and whose politics and decisions changed the course of the British, and in most cases, the history of the world. In contrast to Victoria, she joined the throne without incident, quasi-ruled the nation, which quickly became a world power due to the industrialization and establishment of the Navy, her country had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and she married young people they had a harmonious family life. The facts of her life are not Sturm und Drag, such as powerful dramas with. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, besides trying to dramatize her obsessive upbringing and machinations surrounding her throne, is the story of one thing that was really shocking and surprising in her reign - a love story. Marriage for financial or political reasons is not necessarily a place where you can look for a shocking passion in the world, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of marital fidelity, happiness and an ideal family life. So the focal point of the film is the budding love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very busy with the characteristic of Rupert Friend Albert, whom he presented as a nice, patient, somewhat serious and perhaps a tactile naive young man who wants to "do good in the world and help". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic character on which the drama is based, but because it is not a sense of history, it does not matter. The heart of the protagonist shines through Friend's restrained but sincere performances. <br /> <br /> Regarding the queen, well ... Hard Blunt is sublimated. Her beauty can not be denied, but she is more than a pretty look; her face is like mercury because of her expression. The smallest bow of the eyebrows, the look of the eye or the slight crooked smile provide so much. Again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy speeches and zealous requests, it is not a movie. But what Mrs. Blunt does to the role is to show a simple human character with a strong subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joy of life that was controlled by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her intriguing adviser / lover Conroy, expressing herself in simple things like Victoria trying to sketch her dog. We see her joy and fascination after the first meeting with Albert, when his eyes constantly attract him. We see how nervous and overwhelmed she is when she speaks to Parliament during the Ascension. And my favorite scene from everyone in the movie - we see her upset, happy and hopeful, as she tries to do what most women never have to do in their lives - ask the man she loves to marry her, a proposal so funny at those times (and some would say now) that Victoria is going crazy, before she even says "marry me." Again, this is not a movie with more than life words, but rather a study of the subtlety of characters and making small things say so much. <br /> <br /> So generally, I judge make a film according to what is and what he tried to do, and as such I give it to him 7. I felt that some policies could be better explained and that some very good actors were wasted with little effort and small character development, namely Miranda Richardson as Princess of Kent and heroes Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the movie did not have to spend a lot of time on these heroes, but a little more exposure would help explain the political environment. I would also like to see more changes in the married life between Victoria and Albert, but this can only be my greed for the next scene between friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, do not watch this movie in terms of a historical drama, but what it really is, a love story between two characters that are historical figures. I give this film a solid 7 for great performances, great costumes and decorations, and a great Victoria of Emily Blunt. And everyone who has a bit of romance in them will be touched at the end of the movie. God Save the Queen.
