The British cinematographic interests are continued by The Young Victoria (1837-1901), after seeing in recent years the efforts of Keys Knightley, The Duchess, Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman on the subject of the Sisters Boleyn Another girl Boleyn. More contemporary stories would include the award-winning role of Queen Helen Mirren in the present reign of Queen Elizabeth II at the turn of the death of Princess Diana. <br /> <br /> In each of the mentioned films there were great actresses with the actors gravitas (ok, so some may challenge Johansson) or it was the taste of their moment, and each movie had a definite moment in the legacy of its historical form that it would it is obvious that these events will be described, and in fact Elizabeth had enough to get around two films. However, The Young Victoria, as the title suggests, is a version of the life of a young queen, and if you are looking for this ultimate event or basic political intrigue that afflicts all royal households and their contacts with suspects, selfish politicians, unfortunately, there is nothing here depth. <br /> <br /> It does not mean that The Young Victoria is without. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film chronicle in very simple words, Victoria's life and times (she soon becomes a new girl), when she was a child, the troubles she faces she stood before the Coronation, such as her mother's zeal, Princess Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser, Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to be appointed regente for her throne, as already planned by the reign of King William (Jim Broadbent). As if that was not enough, the game of political power enters the stage when Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) is the prime minister waiting to gain the trust of the new Queen and subtly planting his trusted allies on positions within the Palace. On the one hand, you understand that a young and new queen needs trusted people in key positions, but on the other hand, do they really act in her interest or in the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even this angle of intrigue sneaks into her romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship forms the majority of the second part of the movie, and almost everything already included in the trailers. They were both brought up under the influence of others and they said at every step what to do. Even their relationship may seem like a firm registration of the alliance, if not for both lovers who recognize their common need to establish their own grounding, and to do so with the help of each other. Instead of being pawns, there is a constant search for and exploration of the possibility of breaking free from stifling and sometimes absurd rules and regulations. Confidence also becomes a valued commodity, and loyalty can also be exchanged for wanting to clear the slate. <br /> <br /> However, all these motifs become a breeze through narration, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is so much fast scrolling, especially the last few minutes filled with titles, that in fact leaves viewers wanting more, and of course space for another movie that I suspect probably will not see the light of the day, but maybe the TV series can pick up answer the movie and go out with a mini-series or similar. It is a pity that all the effort put into providing great costumes, scenography and artistic direction would be limited to a light film in the subject and a brief mention of the problems that do not really challenge the heroes to allow some to overcome the opponent defining character. <br /> <br /> You could expect more with a star cast, but you could want more instead. Recommended for those who are always interested in Kings and Queens in the British Monarchy, only as a complement to other more immersive stories available in other films already mentioned.
