Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in the queue to the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and may not live long. However, intriguing mother Vicky, Princess Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong), want to force Victoria to sign documents declaring that they are "regents" until she is older, because she is only 20 years old. The young lady refuses, even though John is patting her. This is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for her country. However, when William dies, soon after his 21st birthday, Victoria knows he has a heavy duty. First, he must surround himself with "proper" advisers to rule wisely. He chooses the handsome Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, although he is an older man, is mentioned as a competitor for Vicky. Which leads us to the second important decision of the young queen. Sooner than the young queen should choose her future partner, because it will bring stability to her life and the life of the kingdom, because the successor must appear in the coming years. In the meantime in Germany, some relatives of the British royal family are also planning. Handsome prince Albert (Rupert Friend) from the Saxon-Kobenh dynasty is beaten by the father in court over the young English royal. When he reaches the palace, he is hit and the feeling seems to be mutual. But since he is a small player on the map of royal mating, can he succeed in winning her heart? It is a beautiful movie, even better done by the completely winning performance of Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, it's beautiful, but it's intelligent reading a role that achieves powerful results. A friend is doing well too, as are other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a disgusting role!) And the rest. The film is also perfectly filmed, disguised and set, making it a visual feast in every respect. If something is missing, it is an additional dose of enlightenment, because the film seems a bit too simple and prosaic, sometimes with a bit unimaginable edition. However, this is only a small, tiny argument in a generally successful and wonderful film. In short, young and old people should devote their time to Young Victoria. This is the most valuable movie in the cinema offer from 2009.
