The 63-year reign of Queen Victoria is probably one of the most documented and widely known historical governments in British history. On the one hand, her story has no theatrology of earlier royalists due to the change of social climate and attitudes, and on the other her story is the one that perpetuates because it is particularly human. Considering the early years of her life, in which the developing romance between her and the German Prince Albert was at the head, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until recently remained in the unknown shadow of the industry, takes Victoria's story and gives this human element so important to her heritage. This is a story that seems unusually modest, considering its spontaneous background, yet it is partly what gives it a distinct advantage, which separates it from the usual tariff. <br /> <br /> With a very direct and focused approach that focuses on the short period of five years between her ascension and her marriage to Albert, The Young Victoria does what a small part of this character has to offer. Rather than trying to grow in life for such a character, Vallée decides to show one of the lesser-known intricacies of Victoria's early years, which are easily overlooked in favor of more well-known accolades. The result is a feature that can disappoint historians due to the relatively sloppy perception of facts and the like, but never allowing the document to hinder the extraction of a fascinating story, writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his pistols and provides a somewhat romantic but convincing portrayal. Vallée takes this and runs it, making sure that we fully use these elements with sufficient restraint to maintain integrity with regard to both the story and the viewer. <br /> <br /> The main role in the joy of watching The Young Victoria, however, simply plays in the production values ​​that have been granted here, thanks to which Regal Britain in the early 1800s come alive with vigorous realism, so rarely obtained by genre films. . Everything from the designs of costumes, sets, hairstyles, lighting and photography, highlights the wonderful background associated with Victoria's history without unduly burdening it. Indeed, when viewing the interpretation of Vallée, it comes alive here, it is very difficult not to be sucked only by the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; and then there is also a movie score that works tremendously to develop the very elegant but personal sounds that dominate the Fellowes scenario. Combining the works of Schubert and Strauss with the history of Victoria and Albert not only acts as a reference point for the characters with whom they play, but also combines with work with elegance and refrain, which also reflects the original work of composer Ilan Eshkari. br /> <br /> However, for all the thrilling compositions, lush backgrounds and immaculate costumes that emphasize each scene, the most important factor here and for most of the period dramas are cast performances and the way they help revitalize the world in which they live. Fortunately, The Young Victoria is blessed with an equally pristine team of thespians, both young and old, who do a fantastic job. Between the sweet, budding romanticism of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of her advisers and the like (led by the magnificent Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), the conflicts and heat so common in the Fellowe scenario are here perfectly communicated by everyone involved, which helps keep the film from the plastic position "nice to look at, but poorly under", so common with these trips. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to quit a job like The Young Victoria. He has a perfectly moving and human sense of affection in his perfectly composed romance, plus some historical significance that plays the role of an intriguing source of interest for an audience interested in such details. Of course, he may not take the cinematic world by storm and he lacks a certain significance for his general presence, which prevents him from becoming more than just a heartily restrained romantic drama of the period; but in a sense it makes it pleasant. It seems that Vallée never strives for grandeur, nor does he seem to be pleased that he makes a fascinating escapist track for the lovers. Somewhere in this gray center is The Young Victoria, sure to satisfy fans of the genre and those somewhat more disappointed with ordinary productions; beautiful, unforgettable, but above all human. <br /> <br /> - Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
