In addition to the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other awards. Apart from our present queen, she was the oldest British monarch living up to 81 years old. She was also the youngest British (as opposed to English or Scottish) monarch, who came to the throne as an eighteen-year-old girl. And yet, whenever television or cinema makes a program or movie about it, they seem more interested in older Victoria than in a young girl; The version of Victoria, with which the modern audience will probably be best known, is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown." "Młoda Wiktoria" tries to restore the balance, showing us the events accompanying its accession and the early years of rule. This is a rare distinction produced by former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice appears as an accessory. <br /> <br /> There are three main story lines. The first concerns the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the duchess of Kent, a very unpopular figure even with her own daughter, mainly due to the influence of her counselor, Sir John Conroy, who was widely regarded as her lover. (According to one of the unfounded rumors, he, and not the late prince of Kent, was Victoria's natural father). The second thread concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin, Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold from Belgium, who was an uncle of both, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the Saxe-Coburg House, to which he and Albert belonged). The third concerns one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the sleep crisis in 1839. When supporters of the Tory Party (which traditionally supported a strong monarchy) rebelled because the young queen was seen as favoring the Whig Party and their leader Mr. Melbourne, although The Whigs historically supported the quasi-republican system of government, with the monarch reduced to the figure. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wonder if this may have colored his approach to political issues, because he seems to be leaning towards the Tories, predecessors of the modern conservative party. Their leader Robert Peel is shown as being brave and dignity, while Melbourne, despite all his madness and charm, is shown as cunning and uninterested in social reform. It is true that these characteristics are certain, but Fellowes is reflecting on the fact that only a few years earlier the Tories opposed the Reform Act, which ended the corrupt electoral system of rotten districts and that they benefited from the unconstitutional release of William IV Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons from dynastic and constitutional history do not always transfer well to the cinema screen, and this one contains some inaccuracies. For example, Prince Albert was not injured in Edward Oxford's attempt to live Victoria, and Melbourne (in the late 1950s when he joined Victoria) was not as youthful as Paul Bettany presents him here. King William IV certainly did not like the duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt if he would go so far as to shout insults at her during the state banquet, as shown here. I did not understand the meaning of the scene in which the duchess and Conroy try to force Victoria to sign the "Regency Order"; the constitutional position of the Duchess was clearly defined in the Regency Act of 1830, which provided that she would become a regent if her daughter was still less than eighteen years old at the time of accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could change the provisions of the Act. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional disasters. In one early scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess, comparing themselves with pawns moving on the chessboard, a metaphor so disgraced that the whole scene should be complete with "Danger! warning. In spite of scenes like this, I came to enjoy the movie. There were a few good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the intriguing duchess and Mark Strong as the repulsive Conroy. It is very visually attractive, shot in a sumptuous style that reminds us of the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a funny phrase as King William, though he sometimes succumbs to the temptation to cross the border. (Although not as catastrophically as in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, are the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her delightful performance, the Queen is no longer an old lady of popular imagination, the black-eyed Widow of Windsor, who was an eternally un amused but determined, determined and loving young woman. Her love of Albert and their happy family life were one of the main reasons why the monarchy was restored in the British feelings. (With the exception of George III, the Victorian ancestors of Victoria were notoriously lacking marital virtues). Blunt and Friend make The Young Victoria a touching affair and thrilling human drama as well as exploring a key period in British history. 8/10
