The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's verse over Siberia, which exceeds 4 and a half hours, is not to start immediately because it has to hold back space because it takes a lot of time in searching for childhood memories at the turn of the century. a forest-aged village, yet the film shows the building of a pair in emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images that create it are permeated with a pure association with their subject with this trait of fierce tireless dignity that characterizes the Soviet working spirit. Konchalovsky celebrates soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist way to paeanów, such as Soy Cuba and Invincible, the mood becomes bleak and reflective. The news of the revolution reaches an isolated Siberian village through the vines. The fruits of his work reach only when the world war calls young people to take pains. Through it all, Konchalovksy glances at the individual, with concern and affection, to examine the bitter longing and grief of a woman who waited six years after the war for her fiancé who never returned, waited long enough to go out and become a bartender on a ship with velvet couches, which she dropped a few years later to return to her village to look after an aging uncle who killed his fiancé's father with an ax, dismissive fiancé madness who returned from the war in 20 years late returned not because of the girl he left but to drill oil for the motherland, despair and resignation of the leader of the Middle-aged Party of the Middle Ages who returns to his small Siberian village only to erase it for the construction of the plant. The film has been showing for a decade to a decade from the 10-ties to the 1980s with amazing chronicle material stretching behind Soviet history from revolution to war hunger and the titanic technological achievements of the empire (great visual effects here, crowds and faces), but the real movie focuses on the unit, on triumphs and madness of small and large. In the second half, a sense of bittersweet fatigue comes in; broken lives that have never reached fulfillment, suffocating with regret and longing. "It does not matter", it seems that the world says what Konchalovksy responds to "it must have meaning" because the protagonists are still trying to buy back. <br /> <br /> However, behind this saga "man against the landscape" "something seems to float, dark, almost nameless, like the Old Man's Eternal Hermit, who appears in every segment to lead or reject heroes, sometimes the usual spectral sometimes a mysterious sage; a little behind and above all other simple and logical incomprehensible ultimatum, challenges and affirmations of human figures lurking invisible something. Fathers' spirits appearing in sepia dreams, repeated shots of the star shining in the nightsky, an interesting bear, indeed the Eternal Old Man himself; Konchalovksy calls for admiration and reverence before the mystical land of another order. In treating a small community of backwoods struggling with the progress of nature and time and the ways in which they learn to deal with them, often funny, bizarre and tragic at the same time, and in how the director never allows cynicism to overcome his humanism it reminds me of Shohei Imamura's "Deep Desires of the Gods." When in the dream scene Alexei tears through the door boards on which Stalin's propaganda poster is plastered to reach his (dead) father, when he disappears in the fog, the film indicates treason of the Soviet dream or even better, with all the things lost in the revolution, betrayal was clearer in the fiery solution of the film. Amazing visual effects, elegant and gloomy with a raw naturalistic edge, help seal the transaction. At the end of the explosion of oil in flames and the movie explodes in a wild explosion of pure cinema.
