It seems that this movie was designed as a movie by Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers - a storyline, dance numbers, zip music and the whole formula is there ... except Ginger! Whether REALLY was originally planned as a re-linking of the band is uncertain, but it certainly has the appearance of one of these films. Instead of Fred's usual helpers (such as Eric Blore and Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably because, despite being known as a comedy band, they can sing and dance quite well. It really shocked me, but the band was a welcome addition, and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were made with Fred and Gracie or the two with George. Only once, at the very end, does Mrs. Fontaine dance with Fred, but she is very short and has a distant shot from the camera. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Burns and Allen, I think I owe it to the band to talk about them in the movie. I have never been a fan of their show or their films. In general, I think Gracie's idiot is very annoying and I've given some weak reviews of their movie shorts and full-length movies. However, in this film I have to admit that they were great - not only they danced competently, but actually I thought they were fun and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very nicely. They were at the top of their game, and the writers did a great job in this department. <br /> <br /> When it comes to the rest of the movie, it's all fun and fun. The problem for me, however, was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the movie - not only because she played out of range (in the end she was not a singer or a dancer), but because she had a floppy sphere on the screen. For this reason, there was a lack of normal balance and a great dialogue between a boy and a girl. There was also a very charming performance by Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could to play the amor - all because he wanted to win the bet! And finally, I loved the sequence of Fun House and Tunnel of Love - it's too difficult to describe, but watching is so much fun! In general, I liked the movie - it had a lot of charm and great writing. Unfortunately, it also included the vague appearances of Mrs Fontaine, who reject the point - moving my result to this movie on 7.
