Soon, the Americans swarmed with dark, damaged England, preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937. A photo of fashionable Americans in a sunny, somewhat funny English village was an attractive and idyllic diversion. American dance star and heartthrob Jerry Halliday (Astaire) during the European tour and weary shouting crowds generated by his manager's crazy propaganda (Burns), unknowingly falls into a marriage with the frustrated heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by the pool of bettors among Marshmorton's servants, which is run by (and fake) butler Keggs (Gardiner), who bets cousin Lady Alice Reggie (Noble), the favorite stifling, dominant aunt Alice (Collier). The story would be much better as a half-hour television episode. Ordinary Wodehouse feature devices with wrong identities and erroneous applications are consumed in the feature film. Both Alice and Jerry seem impossible (irritatingly) unaware of the second part of the movie. The interlude and climax of the castle are too long and they start to drag. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a funny blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while young Albert (Watson) is painfully terrible. But although "Damsel" is quite a small vehicle for so many talents, talent does not disappoint us. Astaire's romantic comedy skills are no less pleasant here than in any of his Ginger Rogers films, and his dance scenes, both solo and with Burns and Allen, are on par even though his only dance with Joan, who plays the beginner hoofer, is necessarily tamed. Gracie almost steals the whole program as a lively secretary George, who also has his head in the air, clever and cool confident. Her scene with the constant actor Gardiner as a cunning snitch Keggs is one of a kind. This priceless Astaire scene with the madrigals singer gives Damsel a wonderful color for gullible but noble Americans mingling with noble but boring Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game thanks to "Nice Work if You Can Get It" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which takes the film through its weak points. And is there another movie in which madrigals receive Gershwin's swings? "Damsel" is more than a curiosity for those who would like to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before becoming a real star. It's great entertainment, as much fun as any of the vaudeville musical comedies that ruled the thirties, but they will never be created again.
