In the famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell emphasizes that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never continued writing, as in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not remain writing funny episodic novels for the rest of his career . It would not be too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees did exactly that, concentrating only on the erroneous adventures of a fox hunter set (HOUNDS PANA FANCY ROMFORDA is the title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has more, but most people consider his novels illegible. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a funny man (and do not forget that his first book, THE SCREENS OF GOD, was also a funny book). Dickens' third book is OLIVER TWIST (which is quite bleak at some points). Orwell says that for each author to develop, he must change the style of his books. Dickens definitely (and successfully) agreed to this. <br /> <br /> But Orwell overlooked the creator of the genre that goes beyond his colleagues. Surtees, as I said, is a species writer focused on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse considered himself an entertainer, playing in the upper parts of the British social system. His count Emsworth is more proud of winning the best pig in England than being ... Count Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready for a counterattack when he is subjected to a dishonest superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme, which should bring a huge profit (but he always manages to separate at the end). And most importantly, his Jeeves will always work on his brilliant brain, saving the inept Berti Wooster, his boss. Because Wodehouse had a limited view of his writer's mission - he was there to make animated fun figures for the world's entertainment - his books never lost their luster. They served (and still serve) their purposes. In fact, he compared Wodehouse to a much more serious contemporary, Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but a more intellectual type. The best of Waugh remains one of the most important points of British literature of the 20th century: CHANGING BRIDESHEAD, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his determination to present his points, if his points did not interest the reader, the book often fell. For each VILE BODIES at the end of his career there were some defeats such as THE ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could do less hacking work, his fall did not go as far as Waugh did. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a talented songwriter (when you hear "Bill" in SHOWBOAT, it's not Melodia Kern and Hammerstein, but the melody of Kern and Wodehouse transposed from "Oh Lady, Lady" a dozen or so years earlier). He was also a handy playwright. It is nice to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and transformed it into a script here. <br /> <br /> It has the normal elements of Wodehouse. This perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a great performance) is a scoundrel in setting up a "friendly" gambling game among the employees of the magnificent home he directs. He is also unable to refrain, from time to time, from singing the Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's attempts to control his impulse. This is a typical characteristic of Wodehouse. Just like romance between Lady Alyce and Jerry goes well and goes down because of the antics of Keggs and young Albert, who want to win this game of chance. Wodehouse always makes this type of plot change, with antagonists changing their point of view depending on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky to have Burns and Allan to work. It is generally believed that of all the films that they did as supporting actors together (such as SIX OF A KIND and I'M NOT SPILLING) George and Gracie supported Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence in which the song "Stiff Upper Lip" is located is great, as is the previous sequence in which three perform the "whisk" dance (this Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful logic is used by Wodehouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how she manages to confuse her to give her more money than her change deserves - only Albert sometimes notices Keggs / Gardiner's error and looks at Gardiner as if either stupid or crazy). Her dialogue with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier) Reggie (Ray Noble, the British band leader) led him to imagine that she would marry her, but the farewell to Gracie, who is leaving with George to marry, is also great. br /> <br /> The movie apparently failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not do unusual work in this role, but the disadvantage is really Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But the movie can stand without it, given other performers and their heroes, Gershwin's music and Wodehouse's great sense of play.
