Before "Zavet" there was a similarity between the artistic vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica. They find their own poetic style and then cowardly become its prisoners. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovica and somehow got critical praise for repeating the same formula over and over again. But there are people like me who are joking when they heard it the first time. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst films are "Black cat white cat" and "Life is a miracle". "Zavet" is something completely different. You may like it, you can hate it, but this is NOT just another poetic Kusturica? Balkan dreams. Of course, if you want to be praised, you must play safely. Kusturica very easily made another movie flying Gypsies and received the prize. Fortunately, as a brave man, he chooses a film that will be an ironic look at his previous work. "Zavet" can be described as a strong and very severe parody on previous Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It's beautiful to see how one big film director does not take himself too seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica has, and even the largest, like Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This film is so senseless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep and so indecent that it becomes funny. The same things that create the cult "Plan 9 from outer space," would make a masterpiece for people who know how to watch them. The average Western viewer would not have received several references. The most well-known tire store owner is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, the famous Serbian drama writer. Politically, he is very active as a leftist liberal and he despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. "All, but not subtle," Kusturica's work consisted of castrated Mika Manojlovic in the Srbljanovic store. The second reference to Goran Bregovic? previous composer of Kusturica. He founded the Funeral and wedding orchestra and began performing throughout Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is simply a performer, and most of his songs (if not all) are poor covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica faced Bregović to face one marriage and one funeral, a funeral mockery from the wedding. The music also includes western classics like "London Bridge falls" or French lullabies. Do you think it is indecent? Now you see how we feel in Serbia, listening to the terrible covers of Bregovica. I really liked this film because it does not pretend to be deep, it is so full of symbols that it becomes a parody and is beautifully directed, because all of its work is. If you like Kusturica's previous films, there is a good chance you can not stand it. If you do not like a few of his recent films, you may find it a pleasant surprise, because it's like Fellini directing Pink Flamingos. Deliberately. I have a huge respect for this guy after "Zavet". Tim Burton's next film would surely have a main character with pale faces. Kusturica's next films can easily deal with aliens invading Earth. For this reason, he is the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
