Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. A real cry! I've heard great movie reviews and rented them from Netflix. I'm glad I did it! In many respects, this film reminded me of the old style of Japanese classic filming from the 1940s and 1950s, which I loved so much, as in the pictures of Yasujiro Ozu - title titles start even in the same way, with Japanese letters (signs) in red against neutral colored canvas materials. Immediately I thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was used: mainly internal sets with several outdoor scenes. Even some "pincushion pictures," as Roger Ebert calls them. The power of the film is built on the love of the heroes to each other. <br /> <br /> The story is about the life of a Japanese family before, during and after the Second World War. The mother looks after her growing girlfriends as best she can after arresting her father (university professor) for her anti-war sympathies. He has never been released and only has a few brief meetings with his wife in prison before dying of hunger and disease. In the meantime, there is often a former professor's student to take care of the mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and is a foster father to two girls. But war begins, and he has been called and must say a farewell farewell. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever come back from the war? <br /> <br /> In the performance of the main actress Sayuri Yoshinaga is so much heart and gentle spirit. She's the Madonna's type, she's so beautiful! Big, soulful eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no macho at all; he is gentle and kind. I would definitely like to see both of these films in other movies. I think I will check what is available to them. These two little actresses are also great. <br /> <br /> The film was released on the NTSC DVD for the American audience, with very easy-to-read English subtitles. I gave him 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost the same as in the classic Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
