My introduction to the film world of Yoji Yamada takes place through his famous and recent trilogy of Samurai with the Samurai of Twilight, the Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I liked all three films, and looking at the director's prolific, veteran filmography, I think that watching all of his films, especially the Torah-san series, will take a lot of time. Needless to say, when Kabei Our Mother finally arrived at our shores, I jumped at the chance to see what would be an ode to Mothers everywhere, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> On the basis of Teruyo Nogami's autobiography, Kabei - Our Mother talks about a close family of four? Kayo's mother, "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Shigeru's father "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), Hatsu's eldest daughter (Mirai Shida) and Teru's youngest son (Miku Sato). From the very beginning, their lives will change forever when Shigeru is arrested under the law for the protection of peace for his morally controversial letters against the nation, established in the late 1930s, when Japan launched its "crusade" in China, and then their participation in World War II. <br /> <br /> So Kabei's fight begins, to stop work, to feed the family, and frequent, difficult meetings with her husband behind the bars. Help comes from relatives, especially on Shigeru's side, because his own father Kabei accepted the attitude of "I told you so" with her choice of spouse. Once Shigeru student Yama (lovers of the artist's workshop) should recognize Tadanobu Asano here), he laughs as a clumsy man who slowly becomes a confidant and substitute guardian of children, and the sister-in-law of Kabei, Hisako (Rei Dan) from Hiroshima, which I think , there would be some timeworn alarms when it comes to her unfortunate fate when the movie goes through the timeline. <br /> <br /> The film focuses primarily on how children grow up in the presence of their mother and in a distant relationship with their dad, what I liked, is how microscopic family events develop in macroscopic events around the world, that affected ordinary people in Japan. This is against the historical context of Japan's pressure on regional domination, and there are characters that do not mask these ambitions, even discussing what the country will eventually do if it managed to maintain the conquered lands. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, being sincere in their discussions about that era, and to see how an ordinary person has to fight internal problems, the harder it is with resources directed to war effort. <br /> <br /> The actresses here are filled with perfection in their achievements and roles, be they veterans or children's actors. Particularly noteworthy is the actress Sayuri Yoshinaga, who plays the role of a maternal figure who has to reach deep and find the inner strength to carry the house in difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are loved as children who have to learn to do and go for a compromise. Each scene with three together makes the heart start to beat when it is going to be hard, or fill the heart with joy if they celebrate. Soon it will turn out that you are attracted by the desire to be a part of this family thanks to the powerful performances of the main cast, and Yoji Yamada encourages some of the really natural performances of children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother boasts a stunningly beautiful artistic direction and is a class in delivering both happy and sad moments, without going out, or relying on a cheap melodrama to reduce the emotions she's looking for from the audience . There are a lot of small things that make the game perfect, and each scene is not wasted, and every nuance very significant in transmitting its message, whether it is compassion or love. <br /> <br /> Beyond the very violent ending (I hoped it could last much longer, despite its more than 2 hours of action), Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended, and it will be difficult to stop your tears or the thought of your your mother and her sacrifices that she does for you every day. What these sacrifices are needed when you need a different reminder, then the scene during the final loan list will remind you of things you probably would have taken for granted.
