"I hate the stories that start with the funeral, but I'm afraid this begins on the day we buried George. Not because we buried him. In the interest of the environment, we incinerated him. " That's what Elizabeth (Judi Dench), the widow of George, says. She led a comfortable, predictable life with George. He has two adult children and a twelve-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 and at school, during World War II, she played the saxophone at night in the band All-Girl (almost all girls) The Blonde Bombshells. "Almost" was due to the fact that the drummer was Patrick, a charming rogue who did not want to fight and perhaps died. Looking at the yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elżbieta is in the attic of her home, playing the saxophone she put down and practicing, but only when George left the house on the golf course. Her granddaughter, amazed at how good Elizabeth is, begins to talk about how you can combine Blond Bombshells and play in her school dance, and then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now an aging old man like Elizabeth, and the same he was very attracted to her, as he was over 50 years ago. (He also attracted all other members of Bombshells.) The roses that would appear on his bass drum had a special meaning that made him feel.) Well, why do not I see if other band members can be located and why not give it a shot at the performance in my granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? One of the band members is gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. Salvation was in the Salvation Army. They can not find a trace. Recently, he is known in the States. One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a school concert, even for a reunion. But one by one Elizabeth and Patrick gather the survivors of Bombshells. We do not know if you can find enough of them. Attempts more often than do not turn into chaos. As they do, we share Elizabeth's memories of what life was like when she and Patrick were young in London during the war, playing in a band while the bombs were falling. So horrible that it was the most exciting time in their lives. When the dancing night of Elżbieta's granddaughter, Blonde Bombshells, filled with trembling and renewed friendship, they throw off the young. Then Elżbieta informs us that Bombshells are still playing at concerts, and that she and Patrick are not going to get married ... but they see nothing wrong with the fact that they are fooling around. <br /> <br /> This is sentimental crap, expertly made and not bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holma. When I hear the term "comedy about a warm heart", I usually cringe, unless the actors are prime. Dench and Holm are wonderful observers because they take something as light and predictive as this script and turn it into something that enchants us. Then there is the "old wide" gambit, which is nice if you remember the old belts. Among Blonde Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost balances production. It is as strong and unique as the jazz talent, which during the program's singing becomes almost a Cleo Laine Show. Another great feature is the number of great songs from World War II played in a strong swing.
