To the disappointment of her adult children and almost immediately after the death of her husband Elizabeth (Dame Judy Dench), a widowed tenor saxophonist in the attic becomes open to return to her musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to practice playing the saxophone in the attic. As she becomes more and more satisfied with playing outdoors, Elizabeth strolls along the path of memory, remembering when she was a 15-year-old member of the jazz swing band, The Blonde Bombshells: apparently, the whole girl of swing-gifted jazz musicians in World War II. One of the members of the band "Blonde Bombshells" was a female cross-dressing drummer Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick and Elizabeth are 12 years old. daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), press Elizabeth to gather former band members and come together again; this time as a group of sexagenarians. Among the band members she found is (still foxy!) Playing bass, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), playing trumpet, alcoholic and speaking, divorcing money divorced and widow living from the wealth of many (former) marriages in the Scottish castle Craigievar; Gwen, (Clio Laine, a real jazz singer in the US), with vocals; Annie, (June Whitfield), as a trombone player of the Salvation Army; Betty (late pianist, Joan Sims) who put the ivory keys in the Hastings pub. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick and Joanna review the world for band members from the 40's and try to convince them to resume their joint performances, Elizabeth is often outside of herself because she learns more than she wants to know about her adult life - in his own - while having a great time playing the last of the live "Blond Bombshells". <br /> <br /> A funny, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, multi-generational entertainment that is really fun. The actors provide great performances. Regardless of their age, they are still Bombshell artists who perform quite a good program. (The DVD is now available and it's worth having because of the additional features and Dolby Digital sound). Certainly as a fan of each of these great VHS actors is a collector's item.
