Obsession occurs in many flavors and exists for various reasons; for some it may be just a compulsive disorder, but for others it may be a way to survive. Lack of care, combined with the inability to negotiate even the simplest needs of everyday life or basic social requirements, can force even a genius to enthusiastically accept what provides a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the object of this satisfaction can become a manifest obsession, leading the individual to the point where what began as a means of survival, will become the impetus of his loss, and as we discovered in "Defending Luzhina" directed by Marleen Gorris high level of intelligence will not provide a satisfactory solution to the problem, and in reality may worsen the situation. It seems that the obsession has no prejudices or preferences; what's more, it does not give any quarters. <br /> <br /> In the Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of many who have gathered there for a chess tournament whose winner will be World Champion. Luzhin is the master of the game, but is sensitive to the fact that chess has long ceased to be a game for him; it is rather his obsession, this one thing discovered in his childhood, which saw him through his total ineptitude in seemingly all areas of life and allowed him to cope with the subtle deprivation of the rights of his immediate family. So Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles heel, a disadvantage of which perhaps only one person knows and understands, and also realizes that he can be used for his personal gain in this tournament. This man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), former mentor of Luzhina, who, after the absence of a few years, suddenly appeared again and made himself known to Luzhin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is an unwanted, disturbing presence of Luzhina, and once again life threatens to overwhelm him. Not only is he about to face a dangerous opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom in the previous game he left the draw after fourteen hours, but also tries to solve a new element in his life - his feelings for a young woman he just met at the resort , Natalia (Emily Watson). And though he may be a genius, dark clouds gather over him, which can further drive Luzhina into an obsession that was a saving grace and a curse for his whole life. <br /> <br /> To tell the story of Luzhina, Gorris effectively uses retrospection to gradually reveal elements of his childhood which quickly led to obsession with chess. And when its origin is fixed, it gives an insight that allows the public to better understand who Luzhin is and how he reached this point in his life. In childhood scenes Gorris textures them with a dark atmosphere and a subtle feeling of premonition that moves into the present and pastoral surroundings of the resort. The transitions through which the past and the present weaves are nicely served, and thanks to Gorris pace sets this up for a thrilling yet intact presentation that works exceptionally well. He also emphasizes the threat posed by the presence of Valentinova, focusing more on the drama rather than the tension, which ultimately increases the overall impact of the film, making Luzhina's tragedy all the more credible and worrying. <br /> <br /> The only element that makes the film so memorable is the influential performance of John Turturro. For this film to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; one false or pretend moment would be catastrophic, because it will immediately remove the viewer from history. However, this is not happening and the film works because Luzhin Turturro creates impeccably honest and loyal to life. He captures Luzhino's genius, as well as his imperfections, and presents his character in terms extremely eloquent and very real. This performance is an equal, if not over-the-top, portrait of David Helfgott Geoffrey Rush in "Shine." And when you compare his work here with other characters he created, from Sida Lidza in 'Unstrung Heroes' to Pete in 'O Brother Where Art Thou?' to Al Fountain in "Box of Moonlight", you realize how amazing the range Turturro has as an actor, and what an amazing artist it really is. <br /> <br /> As Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent, turning in a rather restrained manner, thanks to which she develops and presents her character nicely. Although Watson must be somewhat open to relations with Luzhin, he manages to do this in an introspective way that is completely effective. Most importantly, due to the details she brings to her performance, she makes her accelerated relationship with Luzhin credible and gives the whole credibility of the story. All you have to do is look into Watson's eyes to know that the feelings he's giving are real. It's a great job of a talented and talented actor. <br /> <br /> Supporting cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Father Luzhina), Kelly Hunter (Mother Luzhina), Alexander Hunting (Young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). The well prepared and released "Defense of Luzhin" is an emotionally involved film, presented with restrained compassion, which evokes feelings of sadness and perhaps a reflection on man's inhumanity towards man. Of course, we do not need a film to tell us that cruelty is in the world; but we are well served by the medium of cinema when it reminds us of something we should never forget, because we all have the ability to make positive changes and change the lives of people around us. I rate this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
