One of the most brilliant directors in America was undoubtedly Elia Kazan. His directing genius was not particularly suitable for tense thrillers because Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and more subtle. However, "Panic in the Streets" is a first-rate social thriller that is more important today than it was until 1950, when it was released. Topics of illegal immigrants, smuggling people, inevitable plagues, rapid transmission of diseases worldwide (worried Richard Widmark says: "I can be in any American city in ten hours and tomorrow in Africa"), ethnic isolation and ghettoism today's fears are more than ever . This film presents the spectacular film debut of Jacek Palance and the wonderful performance of Barbara Bel Geddes, two strokes of genius. Richard Widmark can not be a psychopath once and is a deeply caring, loving, intense hero of people. He is basically a one-man campaign to stop the plague pungent in New Orleans, trying to convince sluggish politicians and satisfied policemen that there is a problem. The race against time is aimed at finding petty crooks who have caught the scourge of a dead illegal immigrant within 48 hours, in front of the entire city and as always remind us, the whole country is threatened by the worst thing from the flu of 1919. One amazing scene in which Jack Palance, who is infected, can not climb aboard the ropes barrier, is ironic in the extreme, reminding us in the most macabre way that humans can be the worst bearers and worms of all. Extremely dramatic scenes of the chase, which they call the "coffee factory" on the waterfront, compete with the most ingenious Hitchcock culmination scenes and equally spectacular scenery. There are many unprofessionalists in the film who have grainy realism, well, something that is called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras to places where even people rarely go, and where even the rats would think twice. This film was a great feat of socialist realism. If he lacks electricity from the most-charged thrillers, it is because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not pick it up, because the threat of a plague is so serious that he can scare anyone without the need for additional weapons and minor. The only unfortunate thing in the movie is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was not superficial. He clearly recognized this project as a public duty to warn us of real possibilities. If only these possibilities have decreased today, but unfortunately, they are getting worse every day. One day, after the worldwide plague, this film may be shown to several survivors as an example of how the focus was included in the film, but his lessons have been forgotten.
