It is a little pleasure in life to walk around the alleys of old movies in the rental office and pick things out just because I have not seen it. It is a great pleasure to take this film from time to time and find a small treasure, such as playing on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan turned into a brand that went beyond remarkable movies (not good), he did it better than the average drama. Watching him, you start to notice how many decent, good or nicely observed scenes have accumulated. Compare this with his later films, where the drama is large ... preferably big, non-subtle and scandalous. Kazan was ultimately a more prominent promoter than the director. (um. Nie, dziękuję) <br /> <br /> His future excesses are only suggested here on the plot. The plague is coming! But here is an unusual Richard Widmark playing a family man in 1951 and avoiding most of the excesses of this lead; here is almost observable Barabra bel Geddes, with her bath turned upside down (well, for her); they are a couple and they share nicely written scenes about big crises and smaller ones. Here is a professionally directed comic interrogation with a talkative crew of ships; this is a beautiful moment when the pursuit begins in an angular warehouse, and a flock of birds shoots overhead, interrupting the moment. These are small-scale successes that a film can offer, in which the viewer can actually recognize life; something that Hollywood avoids in its greed. These are the moments that make me watch movies and enjoy them. It is an engaging, human-scale film, not a grotesque, supersaturated production that he and others (David Lean) popularize later, whose legacy is still felt in shit as diverse as the Pirates of Caribean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> <br /> I just watched it twice and I'll be cursed if I can tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final stages, but it does not seem to matter to the viewer. It reminds me of both the No Way Out and Poitier noir from Widmark as a villain and Naked City that you really should get.
