"Panic in the Streets (1950)" owes more to the British noir that its American counterparts. Like "The Third Man (1949)" Reed and "Night and the City" by Dassin (1950), director Elia Kazan decided to shoot on the spot largely, registering the fresh and vivid decadence of the slums in New Orleans. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he also employed many non-professional actors for minor roles, giving the city an atmosphere of authenticity. However, any further comparison with neorealism would be wrong, because "Panic on the streets" is a pure melodrama, the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant who has been fished out of the bay turns out to be infected with pulmonary plague, a lethal mutation transmitted by the air of bubonic plague, which is transmitted from human to human and untreated has a mortality rate close to 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an officer in the American health service, convinces the dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to carry out an urban hunt for the men responsible for the murder, so that they will not be infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> In my youth, I recognized Wolfgang Petersen's "Epidemic" (1995) as one of the most terrifying movies I've ever seen. This thriller, which owes a lot to the working title of "Panic in the Streets": "Outbreak", scared me so effectively because it presented the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer? how to defend against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (I know) that approaches the subject of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty assigning a visual recognition to an enemy that is virtually undetectable to the human eye; instead, he uses Jack Palance as the human personification of the Scourge. Despite the fact that he has set off between filthy human society, you never feel that Clinton Reed puts his life at risk (some viewers have noticed that Reed has never infiltrated the plague, although I think it is safe to assume that he did it in the same at the time of the mortuary staff.] Nevertheless, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the assassins' killers, underground street rats that pollute the canals with their vices. <br /> <br /> In medieval times, when the Black Death (now generally considered to be bubonic plague that swept through the civilized world, killing one-third of the population of Europe, many considered destruction as the devil's work, the figure of Jack Palance, Blackie, serves effectively as a satan in human form: a sharp-jawed thug can sometimes be charming and charismatic, but it can always explode with violence, its two hooligans ni (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), by terror more than anything else, they are constantly falling at his feet. When one butler gets a fever, Blackie will conclude that the cousin of the immigrant had to "bring something with him" (the irony of his application has not gone unnoticed), so he tries to determine what the supposedly valuable object must be. Rocks the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque display of a false feeling that is both pathetic and disturbing. Blackie / Satan is finally detained? not by the authorities, but by the burden of their own infection / evil? when he tries to get on a cargo ship, the main ship the plague has spread across Europe.
