When the movie opens, two bandits kill another bandit. When the body is detected and subjected to autopsy, the doctor realizes that although the man was shot, he also suffered from pulmonary plague - a very nasty and more virulent version of bubonic plague! So it is a race against time to find those who have encountered a dead man and immediately heal them, otherwise a catastrophe might break out. <br /> <br /> Strangely, I actually know a little about pulmonary plague, as I taught a series of lectures on this topic for my history lessons. The film did not really do a good job when it comes to getting facts about the disease because it looked a bit different than the people in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 it would not be allowed to show it. Sure, there is a high fever and cough (they are right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomit of blackened blood - along with extremely swollen lymph nodes, as in the case of bubonic plague - everything is clean and disgusting! I certainly understand why they did not go that far. I am also sure that the federal government would have much, much more involvement in the control and treatment of the disease - here in the film it was operated at a very local level and everyone seemed ill-prepared and a little stupid. Nobody wanted to believe doctors !! When it comes to acting, great actors performed in the film. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are respectively a public health physician and a police chief. Good actors, but also well-known actors in 1950. However, in his first film this is a very dangerous Jack Palance (still following the original pseudonym "Walter Jack Palance") and relatively unknown (then) Zero Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and very physically proficient in his stunts. Mostel played heavy typical of his early work - a fat and cowardly kind of evil. <br /> <br /> In general, despite the fact that we do not refine the details and arrange everything too carefully, the film is very tight and has excellent acting - and is worth seeing.
