"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller, in which director Elia Kazan achieved a great sense of realism, making a film in New Orleans, using many local people to fulfill different roles and intelligent use of improvisation. As a result, characters and dialogue seem very natural and credible. An important date that must be met in order to avoid disaster, provides history with a great sense of urgency and pace, and problems that delay the necessary action and then increase the tension to a high level. > <br /> As a result of a dispute between participants of the card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is abandoned in the docking area. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of the virus, the US public health official, Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is called in and his examination confirms the presence of pulmonary plague. Reed emphasizes that all known contacts of a dead person must be vaccinated immediately, because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such action it can be expected that every infected person will die within a few days. <br /> <br /> As the identity of the deceased is unknown, it is expected that finding his contacts will be difficult, and this situation is not helpful when city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by the briefing of Reed. They doubt that the threat to society is potentially as serious as it claims, and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent urgent action. The following investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation from immigrant communities, the group of seafarers, the restaurant owner, and some illegal immigrants, before the male's identity and contacts are finally found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitchem (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and when the Blackie gang leader learned about the ongoing police investigation, he assumed that Kochak must "smuggled something very precious to the country. Because Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi needs to know something and learn more. Poldi, however, is very ill and is unable to provide any information. Blackie brings her own doctor and, together with Fitch, begins to take Poldiego out of her room and go down the stairs, and that's when they meet with Reed and an exciting pursuit. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong presence as an under-funded public official who effectively deals with onerous duties in his work and at the same time deals with his home problems as a family. In an unusual type of role, he also very convincingly presents the determined and serious nature of Dr. Reed. Jack Palance's film debut gives him impressive performance as a ruthless bandit who misjudges the reason why Kochak left the card game and the reason for an intense police investigation. Its characteristic appearance makes its presence on the screen even more convincing. <br /> <br /> In the typical style, docu-noir cinematography and neorealistic influences are used together to effectively capture the atmosphere of the places where the action takes place. Elia Kazan is guided precisely, but she is perfect in a memorable sequence of chases in the warehouse and on the wharf.
