A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans only have 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pulmonary plague. <br /> <br /> An effective and elegant little thriller directed by Elii Kazan, who combines documentary realism with the race with a pulsating heartbeat over time. Set and filmed in New Orleans and around it, Panic In The Streets comes from the story of Quarantine, Some Like 'Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won the Oscar for their original story. He also has a great cast that ensures the highest performance for his directors. In turn, Richard Widmark {bringing the method a year before Marlon for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel, everything becomes terribly moody when the pursuers chase to stop the potential explosion the Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> In the event that the film scores critical points, it is able to cut off the characters from the heroes without changing the flow and mood of the song. From Widmark's public health physician, with a hypodermic needle in his hand, running around trying to locate bad people so he can do well; to the bad guys themselves, who are stunned, why hunting them is so wide; the tension is arranged to the point of breaking the fever. Fortunately, the last thirty minutes becomes a piece of cinema. With Palanka, an outstanding nasty villain who ironically puts on Tommy Udo's head from Kiss Of Death three years earlier. <br /> <br /> This is an ingenious and intelligently written story that cleverly connects rats and criminals with disease carriers. Plague on society. These are noirish elements, such as paranoia, and they blend well with the basic procedural thriller. While some memorable scenes are adequately shielded by the stuffy atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some of the early psychologists of the characters threaten to direct the film down to a slightly dark alley, it is definitely a movie that is worth stopping to the end. Not a very important film noir, maybe even not very important Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended movie that begs the discovery of film lovers by a new generation and is again being judged by an old guard who might have missed him during the day. 7.5 / 10
