Panic on the streets opens in a high noir style, a view along a dark street, followed by tilting the camera up to the window behind a poor card game - an initial boom that with some of the local photos predicts part of the Welles atmosphere brought a decade later in Touch Of Evil. One of the players opens the window; this is the right action, serving as an introduction to events inside, as well as literally opening our first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Shot in high contrast black and white, Panic on the streets is profoundly benefiting from a strong cast, as well as some great photos in New Orleans. Scenes taking place in such places as the morgue, crowded mailing office or among the peeling paint "Frank's Place" offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere, impossible to reproduce in the studio. Thanks to these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of the groundbreaking nude city of Dassin from two years ago, which established a rough, almost documentary style in the noir cycle. In fact, Widmar's previous role appeared in the even more beautiful Night And The City of Dassina, a film in which the feeling of growing panic was even more common. Joe MacDonald, the director's favorite, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on the song Pinky and Viva Zapata !, and three years later he re-made Widmark in the Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up On South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have noted, in a way typical for some noir movies, Kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, disease and immorality of the streets with the modest, peaceful life of the Reed. But while (for example) in Lang's "Big Heat" (1953), the hero's home life is destroyed by elements of the vice surrounding the besieged central figure - eventually sending him back to work with increased vigilance and a sense of revenge - Panic in The Streets puts a growing anxiety Reed within the limits of what constitutes the next day of work. Despite all the danger, he ultimately returns to the womb of his justified and satisfied family. It follows that social balance has been restored, at least for now due to its professionalism and healing skills. This imbalance was of course caused by crime and disease. They are both closely related in this film. It resembles one of the more cruel Cobra slogans (1986) - where "Crime is a disease. Get to know the medicine ", a neat analogy in context, if such a ring is too uncomfortable from social reductionism. At the climax of Blackie attempting to escape aboard the ship, the visuals are particularly relevant to rats as similar to criminals who pose a threat to public health. As (probably infected), Blackie revolves around cheap rooms and docks with her buddies, searching for something that she suspects everyone is after, if not knowing exactly what it is, "plague" and "Blackie" resonate together in the consciousness recipients, adding to affiliated associations. Ironically, Blacki's premonition of Poldie's unfortunate cousin that he "brought something" is correct - even if he can not sell or steal at last. The logical assumption of Blacki that the police would normally not bother to murder an anonymous illegal immigrant has a ring of truth in it, and his confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reed, though a loving house and on the side of society is a real hero noir. Known from this genre, he is the main hero of a man who walks alone, forced to travel outside the borders of the law. In a way, Reed is forced to take morals into his own hands for the good of the whole society - the film's dimension is particularly accurate, considering the controversial personal story of director Kazan. The director testified against the infamous HUAC, exchanging suspicious communists and other travelers. His film depicts suspects who were interrogated for interrogation and manipulation of the press because the overriding public good justified the means. These actions may echo the then sentiments of the director, presumably accepting the witch hunt of McCarthy and suppressing civil rights, which were associated with the alleged infiltration of the communist entertainment industry. In times of terrorist threats and state reactions, such problems that appear in the film are strikingly modern. <br /> <br /> The distinctive scenes in the film include a remarkable scene in which Blackie interrogates the dying Poldi about the exact nature of the alleged contraband of his cousin. The cat, like Blackie, persecutes his victim across the room, finally feeding on the bed of a sick man condemned to death, holding Poldi's feverish head in his hands - a striking, bad cradle. This gesture emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, be it moral or physical. Apparently, the actors have done a lot or all of their own tricks, which leads to other, very dramatic scenes at the end, as they close the police and sanitary authorities regarding the criminals at the wharves. Semi-crawling, semi-rigging on slippery beams at the edge of the dock basin had to be a very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but it is a sequence that immeasurably increases the immediacy of all this. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reed was forced to fight against potential emergency government support. Perhaps equally astounding that he never gets vaccinated - inviting a dramatic phrase that will never materialize. At the end of the film, the potential epidemic was also stopped, all contactees were placed, a bit too carefully. But these weaknesses are more than outweighed by other film satisfaction, which still makes compulsive and accurate viewing today.
