Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's nice to see when the director / script does it well. The clock lasts only 82 minutes, 10 positions or less does not stretch the story, trying to understand non-relevant topics. He is focused, funny, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) performs as "Go", an aging actor grasping the roles he portrayed. We are introduced to "Him" when traveling to the supermarket in an unconventional part of the city by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing he has a star in his car, The Kid is pushing him to talk about his absence in the cinema over the past few years. He is not coming too, because not only was he out of it for some time, but he is also on his way to filming an independent film in which he could play ("I did not decide whether I would accept the part.") The Kid is a relative of the director involved in is an independent venture and soon drops it in the middle of nowheresville, gets stuck, decides to check the local market, immediately hits a beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who handles 10 or fewer items. the main research topic for his upcoming role as an independent film, he learns how he calculates numbers so quickly and why he knows the idiosyncrasies of every member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he not only uses Scarlet but helps her to he could see her more deeply, travel together to get his car back from his betraying husband, and he teaches her how to behave in order to get a new job to strive for, and how to dress for success, even when confronted with Target, as the personification of a local outfit. This is probably one of the funniest moments in which we can also see him, showing his total lack of understanding of the retail world in the store chain ("These shirts are only 12 bucks! How is that possible?!") Completion, as stated at the beginning of this review is sudden, but apropos. It is not possible for these two to remain friends, even though they create a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what everyone has collected from the other. It's a quiet but thrilling moment when Scarlet's sneaky car sits idling outside the L.A. residence. <br /> <br /> It's great independent production and one that wastes little time. And it will not waste your time either.
