This small, overlooked drama from 2006, lasting only seventy-two minutes, is really just a two-digit sketch, but works very well within its limits. This story is almost irrelevant in various, indescribable places in southern Los Angeles, but like in the Lost in Translation by Sofia Coppola, the film is much more about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common bond and go back to their lives enlightened for a momentous meeting. It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play characters. Finally freed from the wise sages and authorities, without complaint, which became his specialty on the big screen, Freeman seems to be relatively liberated as a slightly indulgent movie star. His character is transported to the low rented grocery store in Carson, where he will be able to examine the role he is considering in an independent film. <br /> <br /> For a few years he is not working, he is embarrassed when he sees a DVD with his films in a container for occasions, but his ego is such that he does not lack the will to watch and even imitate the weakened shop staff. He is especially fascinated by Scarlet, a bitter worker from Spain and moved to the express line, where he is an underrated performance model. She interviews the secretary at a construction company, but her deep-seated uncertainty seems to have already overcome her chances. Still looking like the Amazon sister Penelope Cruz, beautiful Vega (one of the few exchangeable elements of "Spanglish" by James L. Brooks brings sharp and realistic vulnerability to Scarlet). She and Freeman perfectly combine throughout history, which includes stops not only in the grocery store, but also in Target, Arby and carwash with full service. Nothing happens except to show how two people are aware of resonating temporary accidental encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps things simple, but production also reflects master craftsmanship in the vibrant films of Phedon Papamichael. "Sideways") and an infectious score of the Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). Bobby Cannavale (soon to be Scarlet's later husband), as well as Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as funny songs with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as an undecided driver and Jim Parsons ("knight" in "Garden State") as a venerable receptionist . DVD from 2007. It is full of additions, including the documentary film "15 days or less", directed to film students and the marathon runner of 103 minutes; six extended scenes; a light but insightful three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and a few excerpts that specifically advertise the DVD.
