I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "The Shawshank Redemption" is at the top of my favorite films. However, I must admit that I have often thought about choosing roles. So many of his titles were big budget clichés without heart. "10 Items Or Less" means for me the return of Freeman to a role that really presents his significant acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an unnamed, formerly great Hollywood actor who has not worked for several years. He was offered to participate in an indefinite indi picture for which he conducts research in a grocery store in a poor LA district. After his clumsy driver got stuck in this place, Freeman is offered a ride home by the money girl Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he became friends. But before he can get him home, Scarlet has a big interview that he has to reach and Freeman agrees to join in exchange for the ride. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several places, but the movie is just a piece of characters about the interactions between them. Freeman is the quintessence of a disconnected Hollywood who has not heard about Target and does not know his own phone number or even on which day of the week. He drops the wisdom from the Dalai Lama filtered through his "the whole world is just a stage mentality" and repeatedly calls the Scarlet job interview "interrogation." And yet he has a way for people, a way to influence them, which goes beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. She studies them, asks constant questions about them and enjoys their quirks, in which others are just nervous. In Scarlet, he sees the stubborn, proud loner he was; He sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, for his part, shows a fierce pride and sharp language that serves to hide his own insecurity towards himself. Vega plays a role in conjunction with Freeman, who jumps the line between an almost daughter of love and physical attraction, although she plays beautifully and is not as frightening as it seems. But even if she feels that her relationship with Freeman is growing, Scarlet has a keen eye on the reality of different worlds and cuts with the Hollywood bull of Freeman * with an acute pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but the truth. /> The film is intelligent, funny and well-written, and the dialogue is simple but effective. I have read one IMDb review that says the lines are "stilted", which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There are no great monologues here, there are no deep moments to search for the soul. So I think that to show how people in ordinary everyday life can make connections. And I think that Freeman and Vega do this beautifully, painting a picture of a relationship between two people that shines like the sun on the ocean, ethereal and elusive. He lives in your memories long after he leaves, tempting you with what could have been. OK, it was a bit flowery, but I really liked the performances and the movie. I definitely recommend it.
