The television debut of Barbra Streisand is still the peak moment in the history of entertainment - in any media. Reasonably divided into three separate acts (to minimize the break in advertising breaks), Streisand made a bold and masterful decision to abandon the typical variety display format for this time (hence there are no guest stars or forced banter) and carries the whole show on her shoulders . The risky move has paid off tremendously, because MY NAME IS BARBRA sets a new standard in music programming on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in a glorious black and white color (which actually increases the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBER is flawlessly conceived and impressively filmed. However, what makes the performance truly transcendent is Streisand itself. Watching how the then 23-year-old performer went through the 55-minute duration of the program is nothing more than exciting. It is in a fantastic voice (and even performs the entire first and third act live) and gives the first evidence of the enormous power of the stars, which will soon follow her on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset of this specialty is the audacity, which allows Streisand to simply stand on the stage and sing great songs. After a powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a short initial fragment from "My Name Is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra wanders through a multi-level studio set performing a crazy version of Disney classic "I'm Late." In the break between the lines "I'm Late" Streisand stops at various levels of the set to sing great numbers, such as the haunting "Make Believe" and thundering "How Does the Wine Taste?" In the middle of Act I, Barbra again enters his childhood in the songs "A Kid Again", and then gives me very energetic performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" while it sounds in too large sets, but the illusion is finally ruined when Streisand is away from fantasy and back in the real world. innocence from childhood in the charming "Where Is the Wonder?" Streisand then jumps onto the platform stage surrounded by the whole a room full of musicians and performs a thrilling interpretation of "People" in front of thunderous applause of the audience live in the studio. <br /> <br /> Act II special begins with Streisand preparing him for the studio audience thanks to the "I Got The Blues" camp interpretation, before the release of the comedic monologue about "Pearl from Istanbul". Streisand goes to the Bergdorf Goodman department store, which allows her to sing a mix of songs of poverty, parading in some elegant shops. This segment is the brightest point of interest for many fans and critics. Some of the highlights of Act II include Streisand singing a restrained version of "Second Hand Rose" for the audience, appearing as a Latin bullfighter in the melody of "Nobody Knows You When You Down and Out" and depicting a frustrated paperboy during an assault on "Brother, Can You Spare and Dime. " The third special act is a simple concert, without sets of songs and concepts. Streisand is a performer who really develops on the concert stage, and this segment is the most exciting exceptional moment. Streisand enters the scene "When the Sun Comes Out", which is almost contrary to gravity and still amazes the viewer with a charming version of THE YEARLING ballad "Why Did I Choose You", or "Lover Come Back to Me" and a passionate mix of three songs from FUNNY GIRL. Streisand really overtakes itself, however, thanks to the phenomenal performance of My Man, Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday, which immediately became one of the singer's favorite songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs his immortal ballad "Happy Days Are Here Again" version, as the final credits on the left side of the screen close. The cult end of the number confirms the viewer that he really saw something really special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a huge triumph when it first appeared, and eventually won five Emmys, in addition to the appearance of two albums with the Top-Five soundtrack, sold in gold. Watching it all again, there is nothing strange about it.
