As the first of the special television programs offered in the sophisticated set "Barbra Streisand: The Television Specials", released in November last year, this disc is released separately for those who do not want to fork out dollars for all five specialties. As an investment, it is indeed the best of many, if only because it is Streisand in the purest and most desirable goal. The fact that she is doing this is a key element of her legend. Streisand signed a long-term contract with CBS to produce hour-long demonstrations of varieties, now almost extinct, in the 22nd special CBS program, which was released in April 1965. At that point, her career, her publicity was limited to a handful of best-selling albums, some dazzling performances television in entertainment and talk shows, and her successful Broadway performance in "Funny Girl." <br /> <br /> Filmed in sharp black and white, the program is divided into three separate parts. Thanks to the creative transitional use of "I'm Late" from Disney's "Alice in Wonderland", the first segment cleverly shows her growing up from childhood through numbers as diverse as "Make Believe" and "I'm Five". Starting with a comic monologue about the Pearl of Istanbul, the second part moves into the chic Bergdorf Goodman style in Manhattan, where she is elegantly dressed in a series of charming costumes while singing songs from the Depression era, such as "Got Got Plenty of Nuthin" and "Best Things" in life they are free "with comic irony. Returning to the basics, the third segment is a simple concert that begins with the fashionable version of "When the Sun Comes Out", contains a mix of "Funny Girl" and ends with a classic, melancholy shot of "Happy Days Are Here Again" on final credits. Also included is a brief introduction that she recorded in 1986, when this special edition was first released on VHS. For those who know Streisand only for her expensive concert tickets and fundraising for political purposes, this is a real opportunity to see why she is now so venerated.
