Streisand fans only familiar with her works from the movie FUNNY GIRL must see this show to see what the brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE achieving his goal of becoming a Movie Star. Never before has there been a singer like her and she will never be again (sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!), But never again does Streisand sing with energy, energy, and above all ENTHUSIASTM and VULNERABILITY with whom he performs here - until when Central Park arrives just two or three years later, she was filming FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood, and her style of performance became less spontaneous and more restrained, more practiced (and, let's face it: more evil) - between her and the audience there is a wall. Live performances were never what she really liked - she did it because she knew it was her Hollywood ticket, and when she did not have to do it, she did as little as possible (and oh, this legendary jitters provides such a good justification!). <br /> <br /> Her vocals here and her earlier performance at Judy Garland Show is amazing: Streisand really can make the old song sound once again, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen love her for that. But in the seventies, Streisand tried to be a "rock" vocalist, her albums changed to a younger audience, with an overgrown scream of songs that were not worth the effort or voice. <br /> <br /> In the 1980s she came back with this brilliant "Broadway Album", but she kept talking about how hard it was to do, how "they" told her not to do it, etc. Oh, please - when someone told Streisand what to do? She could do such good things all the time, raising the audience to her level, instead of bending over what the young audience was thinking. (The continuation of "Back to Broadway" was not nearly as good as it seems that Streisand thinks that the work of other composers should be improved: if he lived at that time, would Richard Rodgers even recognize his "Some Enchanted Evening" "? , known for singing to singers to play with his melodies, he would no doubt follow Streisand to sing what he wrote, she also blows Michael Crawford off the record in the duet "Music of the Night" - apparently reminding him who CD. Why does she insist on taking songs that are duets and singing them alone, and songs that are not duets and singing them as duets with someone else, then decreasing?) <Br /> <br /> Apparently Judy Garland pulled Streisand away and advised her, "Do not let them do what they did to me," says Streisand, wasting no time considering - despite her opposing protests, it certainly looks that she was always her way or highway. Imagine - SHE told the head of CBS how her first television program would be made - without guests, only HER. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so obvious here. Give yourself this genius musical phenomenon BEFORE a legend - you will be completely surprised by the difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I saw it again yesterday (12/01) after I have not seen it for many years - it was even BETTER than I remembered! The first act starts with "I'm Late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How Does the Wine Taste", and Barbra's tribute to childhood "I'm Five" - ​​reaches a climax when Streisand appears fully (a I mean FULL) orchestra singing "People" - the song has not been bored yet and although it is a bit shorter version, it really glides - compare it with some later versions of "autopilot". The second act (after "kooky" patt Streisandzie, which has not changed over the years) is the famous Depression song series among Bergdorf-Goodman extravagances. <br /> <br /> The third act is stunning - let's call it "Streisand, orchestra and audience" (though we never see an audience that is supposedly a witness to this historical event). With her fear of the audience and the aversion to such performances, this may be the most difficult part for her, but if so, her account is not visible. She tears through "Lover come back to me" and dark "When the sun goes out" (though I do not remember in which order!), Stirring "Why did I chose You?" (One of my all time favorite Streisand performances) and offers a mix of FUNNY GIRL songs including (of course) "Do not Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from "The Music That Makes Me Dance". Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang a song like this one in 1922, which made her a Broadway toast", Streisand will sing "My Man" and it's almost a template dress for her later version in the movie FUNNY GIRL (the main difference is on the fact that the black dress here is sleeveless - her dress had long sleeves, and on the black background we only saw her hands and face), but the vocals here are more urgent and charged than her later vocal film (her song is doing everything with Streisand and has nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who of course has never sung a song in such a versatile ma nner as Streisand does it here or in the movie - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD to see a slightly more modest version of Brice.) The concert ends when Streisand sings "Happy Days Are Here Again" over the subtitles. <br /> <br /> When I finished, I told a friend I was watching with him: "NEVER, NEVER did anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was TWENTY THREE YEARS!
