Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity and probably aroused more than a few industry eyebrows when CBS signed a contract with her for a 10-year television offer worth $ 5 million (currently nothing). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and they got it. She filmed this unique way and mostly her vision turned out to be clever, clever and amazing. Opening act I with the title track (not specifically written for her), Streisand is racing in the classic cast of songs combined with "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"! And mustache and "too much time to shave"!); it's a completely charming, if not weird choice - and enjoy it because it did not release two albums with a soundtrack. He exempts "Make Believe" (which may be too slow), but the dramatic "How Does the Wine Taste?" Is amazing. "A Kid Again" is sweet (with Streisand looking tiny in a big chair - is it Lily Tomlin came up with this idea?), Like "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm an alligator - crocodile? - no, alligator!"). "Where is the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her number "People", surrounded by an orchestra that touches her at the end of the song, is stunning. Act II takes place in Bergdof Goodman in New York, and Streisand plays kooky in fashionable costumes (when he plays a tinkle with a mink, the audience watches the tape). Act III, before the studio audience (consisting of happy fans of the fan club), starts with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand actually looks winded during a dramatic closure), then "Why Did I Choose You?" (Probably her the best early song), too fast "Lover, Come Back to Me" (where the orchestra eventually drowns it) and the mix of "Funny Girl." The "Happy Days are Here Again" final, which reportedly had 12 shots, closes the hour in an amazing way. This black and white jewel, sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber-making company!), Moves quickly, with amazing settings, great pictures, copies and costumes, they do not really do it anymore - and this is special and La Streisand.
