I could not resist the impression that it could have been a bigger movie than it was. The script is very intelligent and it seemed that it could be opened in a more reminiscent of Seven. Not by changing the history - I think mainly thanks to cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing that stopped the movie. On the other hand, the stimulation was absolutely in place. Whoever worked on the assembly really did his job well. I thought Bill Paxton did a great job as a director. Now far away from things technical ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me on the loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy all the time, and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, I threw myself on the loop. I suspected the first part of this turn, but what really threw me is the fact that he touches an agent and sees an agent murdering his mother and the fact that the agent (with no spoken words, simply by touch) sees him again with Adam asks him, how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was another phrase, but an almost intangible idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but actually they chose "bad guys" knowing their sins and crimes. I do not support the eye, so I did not leave the movie so that he could believe that they are doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that both were clairvoyants and that the father one day departed from this deep end and through the things to which he surrended his sons, he also permanently disturbed them. That was my interpretation, but the annoying thing in this movie is like a house of cards and an endless circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events that you've been sitting through. It's definitely one of those movies where I'd like to be able to meet a writer, so I can ask him what it really means. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and therefore obtained a license? Or did they have any appearance from God? And if so, whether God or the devil changed himself for God. Together with my friends, we talked about it all night, trying to find out what and how the filmmakers saw as the answer when they made the movie. <br /> <br /> Definitely embarrassing and evoking a movie with some very disturbing, but certainly not sensational. This is not a perfect movie, but it is definitely his own. The great directorial work and acting of Bill Paxton and the child who played at Fenton was amazingly good. I hope it will not end with the children's band because it seems to have many promises. I gave this film a good voice for most of the elements that make up the movie, but I would vote higher if it were not for feeling that something (though I can not say what) was turned off, and if it were not, the movie would be even higher. Nevertheless, a firm recommendation, especially for those who are inquisitive.
