Frailty is a non-gory horror, which achieves its chills, following the logic and influence of illusions / obsessions of a man straight into depravity. Dad (we never learn his name) is a gentle man and a loving father who brings up his sons after his mother's death, giving birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family's world turns upside down late at night when daddy gets into the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what vision? The task of the whole family is to destroy demons, which of course are hidden in human form. <br /> <br /> Starting from this assumption, the film is unwavering. Dad kidnaps people / demons whom God told him to destroy, binds them, puts his hand on them to see the vision of their evil, and then kills them? while his young sons are watching. Fenton, an older boy, is scared to see only his father who became a mad killer. Adam, younger, is uncomfortable, but he trusts that Dad is following the will of God. In the end, dad takes his sons on a mission to kidnap the "demons" that God has placed on his father's list, and finally invites them to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> That's not you, my offensive father. He loves his children. He only obeys God's instructions: "This is our work now, son. We must do it". When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father went crazy, says he will report him to the police, his father explains: "If you do, son, I will die. The angel was clear. " The pressure of children is unbearable and tragic, and distorts their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a retrospective story, told at the police station by an FBI agent. Mood lighting, stormy weather and amazing calm these days increase the danger of history. I wanted to believe that the growing horror was just history until I remembered the parallel life of Andrea Yates, who believed she was possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was watching a human tragedy, not a tale of divine revenge. <br /> <br /> The movie, however, did not give me such comfort, because it gave strong tips on the end of the reality of my dad's vision. And, like some plot lines, it was a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of Dad's vision, regardless of the evil that his victims might have committed, where can someone get the authority to act as the angel of death? (1) Review by Roger Ebert, 4/12/02
