Many films by Richard Attenborough as directors are biographies of the main historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical person, but in this case, the subject of Attenborough is much more obscure. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer from the 1920s and 1930s who promoted environmental and nature conservation ideas at a time when these reasons were less fashionable than today. He was widely regarded as an American Indian; he told himself that he was born in Mexico to a Scottish father and mother, Apache, and emigrated to Canada, where he was adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cottage by the lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he made a living as a trapper. He traveled twice around Great Britain, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and give lectures on nature conservation, and he achieved great success, even being introduced to the royal family. (On one of these trips, Attenborough, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl in the London Palladium Theater). However, after his death in 1938, it turned out that he was not what he claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney and he was born in the English coastal town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The movie is a bit different than the facts from the life of Gray Owl. In the 1934 scene He states that he is 41 years old; in fact, he was born in 1888, so he would be 46 this year. (46 is Pierce Brosnan's age when the movie was made, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events are compressed during the last four years of Gray Owl (1934-1938). In this film, he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact, he met and married Gertrude back in 1925. The film also omits the fact that they divorced in 1936, and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of the real identity of Gray Owl negatively affected his posthumous reputation and was rejected as a "scam". His alleged cheating even served to discredit the reasons he defended. Richard Attenborough, however, looks more favorably at his achievements. One of the topics discussed by the film is the question of ethnic identity. Although Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had deep knowledge of Ojibway's culture and knowledge and that he spoke his language fluently. He was accepted by Ojibway as a member of their tribe. Therefore, it seems unfair to describe his claim to a North American identity as fraudulent, just because it was the identity he chose, not the identity in which he was born. <br /> <br /> According to the film, Wife Gray Owl, Gertrude, herself was of Indian descent, but came from a family assimilated in white Canadian culture. Her marriage can therefore be seen as regaining the original cultural heritage of her family. She had a clear influence on her husband, but she had an influence on him, convincing him to quit working as a fur trapper because she had moral reservations about killing animals for her fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism from the movie shows that Pierce Brosnan is a "miscast" as a hero, a critic who seems to be rooted in the belief that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the form of James Bond. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan can deliberately take this role to avoid survival, and the taciturn Gray Owl is as far from the polite, sophisticated Bond agent as possible. Original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to deliberately choose contrasting roles when he appeared in movies such as "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires." Brosnan is really very good at this role, although I would agree with those who found Annie Galipeau too weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another critic I often disagree with is that the movie is "boring" It is certainly not an action movie like Bonds, nor is it a great epic biographical film like " Gandhi, "and it may seem boring to those who expected it to be one or the other. However, it is likely that everyone who is interested in the beginnings of the conservative movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity will like it. Scenes of Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough made a service for us, helping to revive interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10
