Enterprise, the newest high-budget spin-off for the most successful series in the history of film and television, opens the melody of the 90-minute episode of "Broken Bow". First, we fall into a huge sequence of actions with Klingon pursued by some Suliban (who is the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, the TV movie takes us on a journey that seldom becomes as good as possible, with some of the best development of characters, storylines and visual effects / effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Openings are a debatable topic among the minority of Enterprise fans who think the song is out of place. They do not realize the texts themselves. If someone listens to a real song, instead of the topic, he will start assembling parts of the puzzle together. And finally, when the series will go further, and we will learn more about our brave captain and his team, if the song really will become significant. In general, the theme of Diane Warren is beautifully arranged and sung equally well by the opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes every TV program worth watching and worth watching again and again is its characters and the way they get organized and layered. The Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the best-staffed concerts since The Next Generation. When choosing Scott Bakula, Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision ever since Gene himself cast Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. Because the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds subtlety to his role and evokes a huge smile on the faces of anyone who has blood pumped in their veins. It is simply (both a wise actor and a wise figure) a great man, and his charm, wit and compassion are overwhelming to see them. As for other cast members, my favorite is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also nice to see the role of a non-human, and the decision to give the captain a dog named "Porthos" was a well-received idea. Throughout the development of the character, he was brilliant, fast, well-placed and almost perfect. I say almost because unfortunately the character Travis Mayweather played by Briton Anthony Montgomery is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has several things to say here and there, but he remains in the hands of producers to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as sometimes a harsh but equally nice Subcommander T'Pol. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and is convincing as an armed officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds to his character the charm and comedy style, and Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but fortunately quickly becomes interesting. All these characters form the Enterprise, and all this ensures quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Each person makes this program worth watching. Smiles and well-being are guaranteed from the first time we see them together on the Enterprise NX-01 spacecraft bridge. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, NX-01, is slightly dubious in design. The series is set 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. Why, then, does the ship appear to be similar in construction to vessels from the middle of the 21st century, namely Akira class ships? Continuity was a problem in the Enterprise, but luckily Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer the right explanation for each one. Continuity is only a problem if you analyze the performances forever and you are obsessed with the smallest details. If you see a show with an open mind, you will not have any problems, but there is a need to know "why" all the time. So what did Berman and Braga offer to Star Trek fans about the wound of the ship itself? According to them, NX-01 is as it was due to the incident at First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E using a telescope and talking to the visiting team led by Commander Riker, he changed ideas in his head. That's enough explanation for me. Of course, some fans are not so easy to accept such an answer, some go so far that they refuse to watch the show until they receive a reasonable answer. Come on, guys are growing up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga, launching his new trilogy of profit, the fans could not do anything, just watch and gasp it all. And then they learned it, maybe it's not that bad after all. If you can not accept the show of quality, not what should be in your mind, go somewhere else. Or try to become a producer on the show, then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> Sets on the Enterprise remind me of a very Defiant with Deep Space Nine. They often seem cold and have an amazing appearance of modern structure and shout that they belong to the army. Perhaps that is why the crew of the USS Enterprise (also known as the flagship of the American fleet) likes it so much. They are striking and perfectly present the show. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman "the ruler of the empire," as John Logan aptly put it, and Brannon Braga's equivalent hit the nail on the right spot where he should have and in all the right places. Be it technical, visual, sound, editorial or partitative. The Enterprise is a great demonstration of how good science fiction can be in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan.
