The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter begins, and residents, both people and sheep, settle much earlier. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former paratrooper in the British Army, is a local dentist, is not an Islander by birth and as such his attitude to the local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always seen with little suspicion, not maliciously, but after simply from the protective instincts that a tight community has for their relatives. The peace of the islands is broken when Gaffikin sets out on a lonely round of golf, finds the headless remains of a brutally killed woman. He immediately reports his macabre find to inspector Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the police station on the islands, Inskip organizes the delivery of the remains to the local GP doctor, Dr. Goudry, for a closer examination. A quick search for an assassin turns out to be fruitless, as is searching for a missing local woman. During dinner that night with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that a dead woman may be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the continent who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search at her home Dove Cottage reveals the missing remains of her body, her home proves to be a crime scene, but why did the killer drag her torso over a mile into the forest? Suspicion immediately falls on one stranger who has remained on the island, one colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth), who also became the last person who saw her alive when they came across the last ferry together. <br/> <br /> Goudry asks Gaffikin for some specialist knowledge about the body of the victim, reveals that she has been torn by my person or something with great force, one set of teeth marks on the body seems to indicate a human killer, another points to an unknown animal of some kind. The sheep is mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is killed. With heavy fog, the island is cut off from land and any possibility of help, the radio also does not work, seemingly blocked and telephone lines have been cut off. Reports about UFOs and the sight of a camouflage soldier intensify the discovery of a strange-looking ship hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and does not want to listen to anything but facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens may be involved in this, but the increase in radioactivity on the island, whether he doubts it. <br /> <br /> The Man of Nightmare is Based on David Wiltshire's novel Child of the Vodyanoi, he was adapted here by Robert Holmes, screenwriter Dr Who and Blake, directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had directing experience on both classics Sci / Fi, and the movie benefits from this experience. experts of the genre on board. The Nightmare Man, however, is generally a succinctly improved work that builds the story with solid character development, even smaller characters, and devotes time to giving them a solid background. The environment of the island is perhaps a genre stereotype that has been used many times, but the one that I like, the distance, the sense of the siege is always added to the atmosphere and here it is an additional oomph, when impenetrable mist is approaching, to make all efforts difficult . In many such efforts, it is very easy to act foolishly, and the conspiracy to resort to the melodrama, but Camfield's merit, keeps it all together with an emphasis on credibility all the time. The behavior is authentic, and the characters speak even in Gaelic to continue this point. If there is one negative view of the killer, then this is his / her / her POV for killings, an acceptable stereotype in itself, but when you see him through a red filter and a fish eye lens, he just screams about exaggeration and dates the film only a little . Still, it will be difficult to guess the result or identity, or even the killer genre, taking into account the presented tips, but it is a funny and very well made song. The local Scottish cast is unique, and the local bobbits Roeves and Cosmo are doing very well and are delighted. Imrie, I have never participated in other works, it is also quite good and displays a feminine silhouette as if it were in the production of Hammer. Strange, maybe even ridiculous ending may irritate some viewers, it disappointed me in a sense, but considering when it was done, it is an understandable and acceptable addition, which, if you think about it, is even more frightening.
