Even longtime Shirley fans can be surprised by "Now and Forever". The film was shot in Paramount studios? not with the parent company Shirley Twentieth Century Fox ?? in 1934, before Fox producer Darryl Zanuck refined the successful Shirley formula (sweet songs, cold hearts for her to melt away, young couples for her to play the cupid, happy endings). So "Now and Forever" belongs to the Shirley vehicle category without Shirley's standard story. This is an awkward position for any movie, but this impressive, talented cast makes it work. <br /> <br /> Gary Cooper and star Carole Lombard are loving, irresponsible cheats Jerry and Toni Day. The only thing that this devoted but dysfunctional duo seems to hate more than being together is being alone. When they suddenly get under the care of Jerry's young daughter, Penny (Shirley Temple), this is Toni ?? and not Penny, how many believe? who persuades Jerry to abandon his criminal career. But Jerry is floundering on his desk and desperately wants to prove that he can secure his new family, he will soon return to theft and dishonesty. In the standard device, Shirley Penny tries to melt the heart of the fragile curmudgeon Felix Evans, victim of one of Jerry's faults, but her attempt will fail because Evans turns out to be a cheater and blackmail Jerry to help him steal the jewels. The drama, shooting, death and sadness that follow make this movie very unusual for Little Miss Sunshine. There is no happy ending, no dance and only one sequence of songs (the charming number of "The World Owes Me a Living"). <br /> <br /> But that does not mean that Shirley fans should avoid "Now and Forever". "It's rather a discrepancy from the usual history of Shirley that makes it more interesting and unforgettable than many of her other films. But beware: Avoid the colored version of this movie and see it in black and white if possible. The color is bright, loud and unrealistic, and in many scenes the famous Shirley curls are actually red instead of blond. Yikes!
