First, let me say that I am not from the south, but I am an American. I do not love country music, but I can bear it. I would never wear a cowboy hat, but I wear hats. I do not live in a trailer, but I eat a tuna salad and I have a home. What does this have to do with this comment? A lot, if you are one of those people who only speak "national" people love this movie. This movie is loosely based on the assumption "They loved and lost." James Bridges manages the American love story as realistically as possible. In the era of Jerry Springer and "Let's Allow It," the mentality of this movie is truer than ever. <br /> <br /> Bud is "adult" and embarks on his own life with a little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves with them to a big city. Bud is in the local world honky tonk, because the only escape that can be made by a blue collar. He quickly meets Sissy, who is from a similar background, and they both have an affair full of painful ups and downs. <br /> <br /> (* This thread takes so many turns that you just have to sit for a few minutes before they get caught in. Marriage is of interest here, which is often missing. At the beginning of the movie, they get married and watch the transition from being The film highlights some of the modern struggles of a woman who marries an old-fashioned man, and presents a male ego with women and competition.) Bud is questioned and excited when Micky inserts an electronic bull. Sissy also has ideas to have fun on her, but she quickly reminds her that she is a married woman and must start to "behave like that". Emotions between the two characters are harsh and expressive, and the story goes on, especially when (NOTE THIS CERTAIN HISTORICAL STORIES), and Sissy falls in love with the tendency to abuse and cruelty. He soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side. <br /> <br /> How anyone can compare Bud to Vinnie Barbirino is shocking to me. John Travolta gave a special performance that was worth recognition. He was reliable and real. The scene in which he shaves his beard and you see him for the first time in the bar ... still gives me goose bumps. Remember, I'm not a big Travolta fan, but come on, I understand why Sissy kicked shoes so early in the movie. Deb Winger was so real that you discovered that you sympathize with her when she built a note of emotions at Bud, after he crept in to clean his home during their breakup. <br /> <br /> The supporting staff was amazing. Wes played by Scott Glenn gave the first performance that made him hate him and cursed him when he abused Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, as Buds Mistress / girl was so authentic that the big girls in the US chest prayed to wake up in a flat chest to wear the clothes she put in the movie. My biggest recordings belong to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as aunt and uncle Bud. They seemed to be someone's aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas, and regardless of their role, they made the movie much larger and more realistic. Two memorable scenes are the Dolly Parton competition and an unforgettable scene in which Bud and his aunt are standing outside after the death of the character. The dialogue between them is moving. <br /> <br /> If you can see what it is, a real American love story. Then I recommend that you take what it is ... a movie ahead of time that has given us a voyeurism in a world other than our own, but real enough for our pleasure and entertainment. If this world sounds like yours, you will enjoy it. Finally, music, however obsolete, will definitely send you back in time if you are more than 30 years old.
