There is no greater harm to history than falsifying it. It takes the easiest and the most shallow route, presenting it simply as a monster. Showing only his negative sides and exaggerating. "Those who do not know the past are condemning us to repeat." He was a human. It may be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is what we do not want. Instead of demonizing man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance to prevent similar situations in the future, or even the present, in the case of something of a comparable scope in terms of damage and misery. I hate him and what he did, does not make him mythical, deliberately or otherwise. To be honest, too much of this mini-series could play "silly stupid * duuum *!" After or during scenes. The whole thing nods, pokes and winks at the audience, with a clear message "is this guy angry or what", including every single bad trait (as well as creating a few that go directly against who and what he was), letting it appear more or less out of the blue, and having them is permanent all his life, not something he believed in or admitted to. You should never use it for education. Use Der Untergang, or maybe a few inaccuracies instead. This is disrespect for the real events that have taken place and for all those who survived, not to mention those who died. Cinema quality? Excellent. It is well done, all the time, excellent production values, solid bow to a well-told story, what is characteristic, strong and credible, dialogue and scenario are great, all performances are masterful (Carlyle looks and behaves in the role. ... as it was written ... perfectly), the music is well composed, the photos and the montage are flawless and creative, which is definitely dramatic, fun and riveting. They get dates and many events, and they do justice to them. If I was proposed to work on this and did not feel objective enough for Hitler to appear as a fully spiritual person, I would refuse, citing the reason. I do not blame anyone for disgusting him. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure we should? This is not what I suggest. Finally, I would like to point out that by writing this, we are in a global economic crisis that has lasted for about two years, and that is not terribly different from the stock market crash of 1929. Two reasons why this happened "t led to the depression of the new millennia as follows: governments give money to banks to keep the market and most countries are now friendly. In addition, the lesson has not been taught. I hope now. Returning to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, a fact book, dealing with this topic. There are many interesting, intelligent ones. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend it only to those who know better and vigorously urge everyone who has watched it to seek the truth. 8/10
