I agree with many negative reviews posted here, for reasons that I will discuss later. But this miniseries are powerful and convincing, because the talented cast really captures the dark truth about Hitler's world. <br /> <br /> Peter Stormare is perfect as Ernst Rohm, a brutal Brownshirt leader. Every scene he has with Hitler is explosive! Hitler is so bad that he dominates everyone except the bandit, the primitive Rohm - and that's why he copies Rohm. The interaction between Stormare and Carlisle clarifies the way Hitler liked Rohm's brutality, but later sacrificed him for political reasons. perversions. Jena Malone, without revealing sexual dirt directly, plays out the horror of the slow extinction of the young girl's spirit. She uses her eyes and voice to suggest all the horror that will be visited by millions in the years to come. And she is brilliant! Zoe Telford almost suits Jena Malone with her creation of Eva Braun. Eva is clearly sick, cruel and soulless - but at the same time almost pitifully dependent on her twisted Adolph tenderness. Interrupted love scene between them (suggesting a tingling in the spine of Hitler's huge hatred) is both chilling in blood and erotic. - a city that has seduced the promises of Hitler's wealth and power. While a brutal, like Rohm, just loves to crush skulls under his shoes, Schrieber's character is one of many Germans who do not like Nazi violence, but can not resist the quick and easy way to money and power. His weakness for Hitler soon loses his wife's respect, playing with style and sensuality through the stunning and royal Julianna Margulies. They are a true portrait of marriage and betrayal. <br /> <br /> These performances carry mini series, easily overcoming the occasional weaknesses of the script. There is one exception. Unfortunately, the Matthew Modine chops simply can not be put out. His noble clumsy journalist ruins every scene he has - the viewer can not wait for Rohm's brown shirts to bring that proud, just look to his ignorant, low-rent Hollywood face. But history is still working. <br /> <br /> Regarding the actual scenario inaccuracies - Hitler's perversions and cruelty are portrayed in a lively, thrilling drama. But the record of Hitler's corporal battlefield is heavily distorted. As if fearing that the audience can not cope with the idea of ​​evil and courage in the same person, the writers make Hitler look like a groaning coward who "begged" for the Iron Cross. As if any of the Kaiser's army could only get a medal by whining! The film gives the impression that Hitler was a coward in the trenches when he was a fearless soldier. They also suggest that his companions despised him when in fact he was widely admired by both officers and soldiers. It is depressing that the mini series are so successful in representing Hitler as a monster in a fair way - but they just could not resist cheap shots. <br /> <br /> In all, however, Hitler: RISE OF EVIL is a rapid success highlighted by powerful performances.
