The last episode broadcast in the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy part, which proves that the show continued to explore its heroes even this season of the third season; though defective, "All Our Yesterdays" has its moments and generally moody, irresistible atmosphere. Kirk, Spock and McCoy are sending themselves to the planet, assuming they arrive in the shortest time to save or at least warn the people who are there, because the sun of the planet is about to explode in a few hours. But as it turns out, people are too aware of the fate of the planet and using a certain type of device traveling in time fled into the past. Everyone was able to choose the time and place in the past in which he would like to live in the "library" run by an older man, Mr. Atoza. Atoz assumes that three men are looking for the past to live, and shows them different periods from which they can choose for viewers. At the beginning of the episode there is some forced confusion, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy - Where did they go? Atos - Wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> Misunderstanding can be explained quite easily, but for fictional purposes this is not so and soon Kirk is moved back to the period reminiscent of eighteenth-century England, while Spock and McCoy are sent to the glacial period, 5,000 years in the past of the planet. From that moment, the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman who has been banished so far by the tyrant as a punishment. Spock begins to act more and more emotionally, showing anger towards McCoy and a deep affection for Zarabeth, a woman. In the end, he realizes that he is returning to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan, 5,000 years ago. Kirk first goes back to the library and finally convinces Mr. Atoza that they do not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy are back before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; The Enterprise promotes three and escapes when the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirk's adventure with the "English" past is fun. All in all a very decent stay at Star Trek in the last days.
