The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is perfect and is the highlight of the very sinister final season. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk send to Sarpeidon to find the complete population of the planet, except for the giant library and Mr. Atoza, the librarian. All 3 characters of Trek will soon accidentally enter the machine traveling in time at different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock gives a convincing performance as the ice age of Vulcan, who falls in love with Zarabeth, while Kirk returns to his unhappy experience with time travel - see "The City on the Edge of Eternity" - when accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before fleeing and finding a door in time to Sarpeidon's present. Ultimately, all three Trek characters are saved just minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sarpeidon goes into a supernova. The Enterprise retreats when the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book, "Star Trek Memories," this program has been a source of controversy since Leonard Nimoy noticed that no reason was given in the Lisette scenario because of Spock's he behaved in such an emotional way. Nimoy gave his fears directly to the executive producer of the show, Fred Freiberger, that the Vulcans should not fall in love. (p.272) However, as Freiberger explained, the ice age setting allowed Spock to experience emotions because it was a time when the Wulkans still had not developed into their completely logical present state. This was a great example of improvisation in the Freiberger section to save a script that was well above the average for that particular episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the script in the third season injured Spock artistically, because his character was forced to roar like a donkey in Plato's Stepchild, play music with hippies in "The Way to Eden" or sometimes display emotions, scenario here it was more reliable. Spock's acting was excellent because Freiberger honestly confessed to Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious hole is that because Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years back, McCoy should also return to the more primitive human condition, not just Spock. But this is a forgivable mistake, given the poor quality of many other shows of Season 3, the brilliant performance of Spock / McCoy and the originality of this script. Who could have imagined that the current residents of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of their doomed planet, traveling back to the past? We certainly expect this from the best "Classic Trek" - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in "Wspomnienia", called one of his best "unusual and high quality performances" of season 3, as the incident in the enterprise, pigeon's day, is in truth, there is no beauty, tholian web, And the children are Shall Lead and The Paradise Syndrome. (p.273) Although my personal opinion is that "And children are leading" is a very bad episode, while "There is no beauty in the truth" is problematic, "All Our Yesterdays" certainly belongs to the list three stars in the first season Trek TOS movies. I give 9 out of 10 for "All Our Yesterdays".
