An extraordinary journey in time: instead of traveling into the past of the Earth, the main trio stuck in the history of another planet. Rays reach this planet, the sun has three or four hours to go to a new one (it cuts it close!). In some futuristic library, meet Atoza (from A to Z, I understand? Ha-ha) and its duplicates. It turns out that instead of escaping from the destruction of their planet by space, the inhabitants fled in different epochs of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on the road after making a choice (check the CDs we see here, next Treka CD and DVD predictions!). When Atoz prepares the machine (Atavachron-co-sis), the brave Kirk hears the woman's scream and runs into the version of the 17th-century planet in which he fights with the sword and is arrested for the witch. There is an eccentric but good performance of an actress playing a woman with a bad reputation at the time, using phrasing time ("... you are a surly bitch ... Witch! Witch! They will burn you ...."). Spock & McCoy follows Kirk, but ends in the Ice Age, 5,000 years earlier. <br /> <br /> Kirk manages to return to the library first. The real story here is the return of Spock to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, militant volcanoes from 5,000 years ago. It really does not make sense, except that maybe this time machine is responsible for the change (although Spock & McCoy were not "prepared" by Atoz - well, it seems to me that the transition also affected Spock almost immediately - he recalls, that it is from "millions of light years", instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a gross logic error of Vulcan). In any case, Spock really shows his nasty side - forget "Day of the Dove" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly learns that his buddy from Vulcan will not be able to withstand any of his usual lures and almost get his face changed. Spock also gets it from Zarabeth, a beautiful woman who has been banished to this cold past as a punishment (Trek's novel of son Spock has been written, the result of this relationship). All of these scenes are eye-catching, they remind you of how Spock is hiding or holding. It is also ironic that only a few episodes earlier ("Requiem for Methuselah") McCoy pointed out to Spock that he would never hear the pain of love - and now all this is happening. Meanwhile, Kirk is arguing with the older Atoz, who insists that Kirk is returning to a bygone era ("You are an obvious suicidal maniac" - a great material from the actor Wolfe, last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). Everything works, but as I mentioned earlier, they cut them very close. Shapely little adventure with Trek, with a certain cosmic slope.
