Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with an idea, and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories, so naturally it will be the largest anthology in history? Unfortunately, bad. Some episodes are simply fantastic, but all too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, it could be a fall because it was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, others were scary, and one was even animated, which made it similar but not as good a version of the Twilight Zone from the 80s (which also existed). <br /> <br /> Usually I would like to have a mix of stories on an anthological show, but they just did not work here. Some of the more fantastic dramatic episodes seemed to be shown better late at night on the Lifetime network, like the "Ghost Train" episode, which was directed by Spielberg himself. In this episode, she gave a message of hope and gave us a fantastic story, but in general, it was just a compilation to the end, which still did not blow me up. The horror episodes worked better than the drama, but they were much more dramatic, and watching them becomes tiresome. Acting wisely, this anthology has several great stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Yankovich and many other famous people were in the episodes of the series. It's nice to see famous actors in almost every episode of the series. The great directors also took part in such episodes as Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito, and even Martin Scorsese. Actually, I recommend it to more fans of directors and / or 80s than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Incredible stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, sometimes mediocre, and every now and then a real stinker went out. But this show has a nostalgic value for me, and the fun in boring afternoons and watching some episodes is great fun. The musical theme of John Williams for the concert will surely be caught in someone's head, which also observes it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good performance. Thirty minutes. for the episode. TVPG
