Honestly, I was expecting to HATE this and I really checked only because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say I got a kick with EVIL BREED. A group of college kids and their teacher set out on a trip to Ireland. Their lodgings are located near the forest, where there is a rumor that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. A group of teenagers is warned by the property caretaker not to venture into the forest - but being the stupid heroes of B movies they are - of course they do not pay attention and pay for their mistakes one by one ... First, there are many mistakes in EVIL BREED. Acting / dialogue is quite weak, and my main complaint is that the movie in which Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have MUCH more free nudity than at the show - and the role of Jenny in this production is grossly overfilled, because it has a total of about 2 minutes of time on the screen. Even less of Chasea, and Ginger Lynn does not show skin and has the worst Irish accent. Also, the last scene of the film makes no sense and it seems that it is thrown just to end the film. By the way - there are also good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are sent early, and Greico's naked torso ends up on the spit, and Chasey's guts break in half (though the way it ends in this way is not shown on the screen) ... not bad first 5 minutes. Other scenes of homicides are quite ingenious, including forced removal of Jenny's implant, a guy pulling the colon through the ass, a knife in the face, and a few others known. Scenes with implants and colons also have uncut versions that are on special features and it's a pity that the producers forced them to cut. Also, the movie moves in quite a good clip when it moves, so you do not have too much time for boredom. The effects of "creation" are also performed competently, which definitely helps. Overall, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This, along with SATAN SMALL ASSISTANCE, ALSO revived my interest in American low-budget movies straight to the video. I usually miss them as a whole, but the two were fair enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but a decent way to blow 90 minutes - it might not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon when you're on it - I know I was, and I'm sure it did not hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
