If you were a director who wanted to cast female sacrifices on a film, would it make sense to add some porn stars? It is not that they are inexperienced in front of the camera, have no qualms about the required nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can be called? Christian Viel apparently saw the potential of mixing hardcore actresses with hard-gore effects, which is why he filled the four sexiest and most-known stars of adult cinema. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes have appeared in episodes in probably the most intriguing Slasher movie that has appeared since the Scream Reinvigorning genre. <br /> <br /> Samhain was originally intended for the cinema release of October 2002 - thus checking the abstract from Halloween. Unfortunately, the photos were plagued with numerous problems that prevented this object from obtaining the exhibition it deserves. Recently I heard that it was signed by Film 2000 here in Great Britain and was written for release at the end of October directly on DVD. Unfortunately, this label has unmatched records in the DTV slacks. Not content with polluting our shelves with blood and continuing, they were also responsible for freeing grandmother, bleeding and rancid paranoia. Can Samhain finally become worth the ammunition for their despicable cannon? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teacher go to South Ireland as part of their history course. Upon arrival, they were told the legend of a cannibalistic clan who roamed the hills of Scotland and murdered the inhabitants in search of food. The cannibals were finally caught and burned at the stake, but there is a rumor that one of the tribes has fled and managed to get to Ireland's forest to find shelter. After the children settled down and started doing what all the massacre-fodders are doing in these movies, the obligatory goodness-two shoes (and a definite candidate for the heroine) begin to be terrified by the shadow crawling late at night. Is it possible that a hungry carnal maniac is still at large in the Forest? So what do you think? <br /> <br /> It seems that Samhain's production has been broken from the very beginning. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop Jenny Jameson's naked makeup, and Chasey Lain began to behave like a primitive primadonna. Finally, to add insults to the injury, the producers were cold just before the movie was to hit the shelves and began to talk about re-editing and removing all the blood. Reports say they were dissatisfied with the abundance of violence and wanted to limit the scenes to get a rating R. Veil, of course, disagreed, seeing how his whole abstract was enhanced by his creatively graphic display. Eventually, after months of quarrel, the director parted with Warehouse's productions and this function was again closed in the vaults. <br /> <br /> Despite the innumerable distortions, fat Veila is still one of the best tracks of the genre to be released from the new millennium. The copy I sent was a pre-release screener, which was obviously a test press without sound effects or full soundtrack. But he still prided himself on a few credible horrors, great pictures and some of the hottest sets I've seen for some time. One guy is gutted from the rectum before suffocating his own intestines, Jenna Jameson is stripped naked and eviscerated in an unwavering close-up, and Chasey Lain ends up with "spilling her guts" after an unfortunate rescue attempt on the part of her boyfriend (Richard Grieco). Although the murders are extremely gruesome, Samhain never feels nervous, which is mainly due to the fact that the characters are poorly portrayed as basic clichés. To be honest, the screenplay was probably the biggest fall of the movies, because the dialogue was not so much inspired by the movies, The Scream of Wes Craven, how it was grossly cut and pasted with them. <br /> <br /> Certainly the inclusion of the mouth - watering Jenna Jameson was a great move by the producers. Her fans will be excited when they find out she's dropping her top (as expected), like Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a movie with soft pornography and he benefits from following the structure that he decided to produce. It is worth noting that the mentioned XXX stars almost surpass the supposed "actors" of this function, which is not a good complement. Ginger Lynn was at least noticeable (if you ignore the disgraceful "Oirish accent"), and her fight with the powerful killer was excellently performed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna released the expected poor drama that could have been caused by numerous problems on the set. The direction of Veil's shooting was perfectly structured and it provides much needed voltage injections. Exciting and sharp photography mixes with a good talent for telling stories, and the result is a modest extravagance that will satisfy even the most critical gore dogs. <br /> <br /> It will be interesting what kind of final cut will be released Samhain. Rumor has it that the second director was incarcerated for shooting another ending, and I am curious to see how many clear mountains will remain intact for distribution all over the world. If the final result is only half as good as the rough print I see, it is still better than almost all of the genre's songs that have been released in the last ten years. This one is definitely worth checking out?
