Directors from Hong Kong who come to Hollywood to make films are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of people like Tsui Hark, John Woo, and Ringo Lam in the 90s. Only a few films from their joint output (or maybe only one?) Have influenced the money. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Maka was a concert tour in the recent history of HK cinema, especially thanks to their famous Infernal Affairs trilogy, which was reworked on Martin Scorsese's "Thrown Out", so it's no surprise that Hollywood will knock on the door. /> <br /> But without Mac's co-worker, who usually has script / role-making responsibilities, how did Lau deal with the writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X files without X, in the way of creating history, characters and parallels drawn in the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes join ala Davida Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, but they do not belong to any federal investigative agency that has arms but are employees of security services whose main role is to ensure that sexual predators belonging to their jurisdiction are protected before society when they are free to take time. Hence they are shepherds dealing with their flock, only that their flock suffers from sick sexual perversion with a tendency to violence. <br /> <br /> The similarities in the characteristics are so obvious that it is only a cosmetic retouch outside. Like Fox Mulder, Erroll Babbage Gerena is a strange, lonely man, obsessed with his obsession with persistent harassment of his flock to embrace the line. As a result of an unsuccessful attempt to save the missing child, as in the case of Mulder's pines for the missing sister, Babbage is avoided by his colleagues and issued a march order disguised as a retirement plan. He has a deep disgust for the people he is monitoring, nauseating because of their crimes and what they represent that he has no qualms about using unorthodox methods, except to fly from the grip while administering an illegal, preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong desires, with which he must fight, not to cross the line, to become similar to those he hates. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids, seeking clues and leading to the goal, that is, seeking to close, salvation for himself and having a strong belief that the truth is still there and wants to believe. > <br /> On the other hand, Allison Lowry from Danes is a game that replaced Babbage. But in the meantime, learning the profession over the next 18 days, he must spy on him and report his madness, just as Dana Scully had to do with Fox Mulder. As an unbelieving prejudice and maintaining the view that they have been cured from their temptations, he slowly begins to see what Babbage sees, and understands that it takes more than just being a desk and an administration if he really wants to help people. <br /> <br /> And it is the discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices that open our eyes, just like 8mm with Nicolas Cage bringing snuff films into the spotlight. This is a decent investigation drama with ordinary red herring, and mine is really good, because you often wonder if your assumptions are correct, and soon you start to shoot from the hip when you turn out to be incorrect at an alarming frequency, although I do not include this in the narrative, but rather to a large number of characters (watch out for the Avril Lavigne cameo) and sub-themes. The scene in the darkened store / store was similar to David Mills and William Somerset Se7en, when they attacked John Doe's apartment and found a lot of bizarreness, though here, given the nature of the subject, there was not much left. <br /> <br /> Apparently The Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's photos were good enough, despite the very strange style of lack of style, using almost every trick in the book to try to reproduce the feeling of watching the next Se7en, but it was deep . absorbed in shades of brown, not blackness and darkness. It takes some time to get used to it, and I present this effect as one that actually distracts attention from what's happening in history. However, this is not really a good move, with quite frequent repetition of scenes with flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But Flock still creates decent entertainment, although X-philes probably will not have a hard time imagining his favorite actors the main roles, given so many similarities in character. Gere and the Danes present chemistry as an old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and although it is not entirely great, Andrew Lau managed to get something enjoyable.
