I really like Richard Gere ... It has always been like this and it seems that recently his status as Hollywood star and producer of money has fallen, but it seems to me that the reason is that he takes very mature, intense roles and has been a great success, not only financially, because I saw him in some really great jewels, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both must see movies! See my reviews), and now it's The Flock, which apparently was supposed to be a big issue considering the significant budget of 35 million +. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very difficult because I thought the movie coped with a potentially very serious social problem in a very immediate, violent and disturbing way, and Gere simply brings it all home. It's a drama about the action thriller that kept my story stuck to TV. I think that part of the problem that seems to have people is that Hollywood is a very serious problem, but I do not think it does it with disdain but rather tries to take a different turn to make people realize that it exists. In fact, it is a very similar way in which the Hunting Party dealt with the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job, keeping him together, but I think the cast made it possible to watch. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you probably guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker of the kind Erroll Babbage, who created his own style and rights when it comes to tracking his Flock, who is a registered sexual rapist . There are no blows to follow these people, follow them and be absolutely sure that they will not be offended, and if they do, he will identify and stop them in any way. Gere is so intense and looks exhausted from this work, and he becomes violent and angry at the sight of these monsters on the street. He is simply fantastic. Claire Danes is also great as Babbage's new partner and his deputy, who must train to do his job. The Danish character is a much more typical social worker and is somewhat surprised by Babbage's style and methods, but he slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and oppose. Both are brilliant together and have great chemistry with such a huge variety of characters. KaDee Strickland plays an alarmed registered criminal who seems to be torn from newspaper headlines when he plays a character very much like Karla Homolka (wife of Paul Bernardo, who is out of the house) for those who follow Canadian serial killers. Her character is a bit taller, but at the same time she is convincing and terrifying. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend and it would be better if he played a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is an amazing character actor (check him out in Dead End, and an amazing turn in the role of Satan himself in the WB Reaper series) and gets a small but good role as the head of the public security department and the head of Babbage. <br /> <br /> The movie is not perfect despite the great performances of lead. He's free, he's really trying to make the movie more entertaining than educational, but it's just a different angle than Nicholas Cage 8MM. The herd moves you to the abdomen of sexual trading, kidnapping, human trafficking and many other things. It may not have been directed or written as well as it could have been, but I am telling you that the Danes and Gere together make this film a completely visible and really great thriller. This is disturbing, but also something that is not too complicated, yet the character of Gere in many ways is very complex with many layers, and also opens the social stamp and makes us contemplate vigilance in many ways when she sees people Gere is dealing with. I encourage all of you to ignore poor opinions and convince yourself about it, because it is worth checking !! 8.5 / 10
