I was looking for this movie because I am a new Frain fan and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish accent is great. It looks like he has a good ear for dialects. His acting was wonderful, as usual. Apart from James Frain, I thought that the film was very well made. He showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as a * mess * that it really is. Both sides are guilty of serious injustice, and people involved in conflict usually have very little to say about their circumstances. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting that not every man (or woman) who is supposedly fighting for his country really * does * it. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does "it", Ginger can not find a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger does not take part in him for the noble purpose of protecting his country or the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger is in it for the killing fun. He's full of bloodlust and it's a perfect job for a guy like him. In such a fight there are such guys as Liam (John Lynch), who just want to live their everyday lives and enjoy their families ... guys who see all the fights, they just start fighting more. There are people like Kenny who were born with a charismatic leader, and they add fuel to the flames, or rather they want or do not. In addition, Kenny really believes in the "cause." He believes that what he is doing will change the future ... which is a bit strange because his character seems too intelligent. But, like many other seemingly intelligent men, he gets caught up in the gang without realizing it ... until it's too late. There is also Ginger, a pure psychologist who does not fight for any other reason, but because of this thrill of emotion, which in the gangster war makes him a valuable asset, some may argue. But now, in this movie, Ginger survived his value and became a very dangerous loose department. <br /> <br /> Everything achieves a boiling point and predictably the ending is tragic. What makes this movie worthy shows both sides of this age-old conflict. Being an American, I can not begin to fully understand what is going on in the fight. But I know there must be a better way. <br /> <br /> In all, well-preserved, moving ... but disturbing movie.
