"What is love? What is this longing in our hearts for the community? Is not this the sweetest flower? Does this flower of love have no fragrant aroma of tiny diamonds? Does the wind not love dirt? unlike unlikely, is not it unlikely? Are you with someone tonight? Do not question your love. Take your lover by the hand. Free the power in yourself. You heard me, free me. Croak the wild cosmos in a whisper. Defeat the sky with one intimate caress, do not be ashamed, pull out everything you have and do it in the ass of Leon Phelps. "When Tim Meadows created his quintessential SNL, Leon Phelps, I cringed. Hearing his smarmy lisp and malicious comments, my nervous trembling. I used the click function more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" appeared on the cable, I mumbled some of my comments and clicked once more. But the day comes, gray and deserted, when "nothing is" on any of the 100 channels ... sigh. Yes ?? I faced the suffering of every cable television subscriber? watch or turn off the TV! He was there, Leon Phelps, smiling and ... making me laugh! What happened? Have I given in to the Hollywood sit-com humor? Was I so desperate to avoid abdication of my holy throne? The truth is that I like "The Ladies Man" more than I should. The story of a vulgar playboy sipping cognac while staring at every feminine form is contrary to my feminist sensibility. <br /> <br /> What began as a primitive sketch of SNL, flourished before my eyes in the story of Leon and his playboy philosophy, by living "helping people" to solve their sexual conflicts. "I am Mother Teresa of Boning", she solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and long-suffering producer of his radio program "The Ladies Man". And he's not kidding. Leaving a series of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon goes to bed and breakfast almost all over Chicago. The fact that he does so with such a sincere will is his life's calling card. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Expert in the ways of love" manages to deal with many problems husbands and guys. One of those slandered spouses, Lance (Will Ferrell), creates the club "Sacrifice of a smiling ass", promising to catch our beloved Don Juan. "Oh, yes, we will get revenge," he reminds himself to his cohorts, in a frightening dance number. <br /> <br /> Plus it's such a total pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of the tavern and the smooth narrator of Leon Odyssey, to find his "sweet thing" and a pile of cash. (Where was he hiding?) But would I choose this movie as a choice for Valentine's Day? Leon's search for an easy life changes him in so many deep ways - that I had to bow to our "Ladies Man". The fact that with a close cinema can find true happiness for one woman, and at the same time offer his bizarre advice, it is a dream thing!
