Sometimes they are lucky and have a hit (Wayne's world, the first, not the second). But most often they have duds (Pat comes to mind rather quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between the hit and the dud. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but then, as is usually the case with SNL skits, it starts to slow down before it finally ends, long after it should happen. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with the The Ladies Man night program. He answers all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the most primitive way. Everything seems to be ultimately brought back to the ass. After pressing the buttons of the station manager Leon, along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) is released and must find another job. A letter from one of his former ladies comes from a random blue. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon must track down all the women he was with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, a woman from your dreams is standing right in front of you. There is also a sub-thread about a group of guys whose wives / girls slept with Leon and want to first find out who he is (a tattoo that has parts of his anatomy) and then kill him. Keeping this group of guys is a surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First of all, I thought that this topic was rather bad. The things of singing and dancing were completely worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but he just never clicked on me. And the rest of the guys were just clubs that marked the same thing, and eventually everyone decided that their wives / girls would cheat them, it's actually their fault. Let's go back to the main story. The story focuses on Leon and sex. So this comes down to the fact that if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his mannerisms, his dialogue are what the film brings. I'm not a huge fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor in SNL. The only thing that I really liked was his Ladies Man skits. But the best thing about them is that they usually involve a guest host (remember this with Cameron Diaz?) And they were short. For about 5 minutes they were quite funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really fun. What I thought about the character in the movie was that he remained in character all the time. He never hesitated in front of his own, just wanting to get a persona. Until the very end, where this transformation took place, and the ever-present speech to tie matters. Besides, it was good to keep Leon in the role of Leon and not change him into something less severe than him. This movie does not make much sense if you did not guess. But as I said earlier, I thought the beginning of the movie was very funny. Some real laughter loud moments, everything revolves around sex and its brutality. The problem with this movie and most other SNL spins is that they are characters that should only be displayed for a few minutes. Extending the concept for 80 minutes is very difficult. Of course, this difficulty is why they needed a sub-story, because without it, the movie would be shorter than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good it must have been boring. <br /> <br /> So, in general, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL films, but it was not as good as others. He had some fun moments, the first 20 minutes were quite good, but the rest continued. There was an unnecessary sub-thread whose only purpose was to extend the film. The bottom line is that if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you'll be able to watch the movie. If it annoys you, do not even bother. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in a nice, revealing clothing. <br /> <br />
