Although it may sound shallow, in fact I delayed watching "Barbarians" several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the image displayed here on the website) looks so incredibly cheerful! I wish I had seen it before because the film is not so gay simply cheesy, cheesy, camp and incredibly funny! It's almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of Cannibal Holocaust of all people, was the man responsible for this comic contribution to contemporary popular fantasy movies about swords and sandals, especially films by Conan Schwarzenegger. The film begins with a great narrator "off the screen", which introduces us to Ragneks. Their founder once traded the entire mountain of pure gold for just one magically powerful ruby ​​that would allow them to travel freely and gain access to any country as entertainment artists. In other words, Raglankow is a group of traveling circus freaks! Their happiness suddenly ends when greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful Queen Ragneks of the Canaries and constantly tries to discover the place of residence of the Ruby. In the meantime, as a kind of funny waste of time, two orphan brothers twins, Gore and Kutchek, are trained to become muscular warriors and are unjustly prepared to fight with each other to death. Instead, they flee and develop a plan to free their queen. Actually, the story is not half as bad as I initially feared, but my grandmother's brothers on screen chemistry, crazy ineffectual dialogues and of course absolutely shameless fantasy monsters, like a dragon with adoring beautiful eyes, some kind of werewolf and zombies are still the greatest joy. that seem to pop out of the swamp. The effects of the soundtrack and make-up are great, and our all-powerful director Deodato maintains an incredibly fast pace. The possibilities of Brother Barbarian's action are much better than I expected, except that one of them is constantly producing glaring sounds. The supporting cast is also great. Eva La Rue has never looked more beautiful than the witty savage Cara, Virginia Bryant, admittedly captivates Richard Lynch several times, and the charming Sheeba Alahani makes the first and only movie appears as a malicious sorceress with a donut-shaped hairstyle (No I am kidding!). Finally, "Barbarians" play the favorite eyes of everyone on the creeping hill of Michael Berrymanie as properly named Dirtmaster. I know that the displayed image looks gay than the promotional campaign of the musical version about the rise and fall of Village People, but "The Barbarians" is really a mandatory attraction in Italy.
