LE GRAND VOYAGE is a delicate movie wonder, a work deepened thanks to the underrated screenwriter / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, which allows the natural scenery of this story about the expedition and refined acting stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd bring the emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly improved thanks to Katell Djian's cinematography (a sensitive blend of spectacles on the horizon of travel and tightly photographed duets between characters) and the score of Fowzi Guerdjou, who manages to maintain beautiful motifs during the film, paying homage to many local music genres from many countries. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in the south of France, a young student with a western girl who seems not to follow the religious direction of his heritage. His older father (Mohamed Majd) decided that his time had come to Mecca in Hadj, and the inability to drive a car asks reluctant Reda to abandon his personal needs to bring him to a final religious commitment. They both set out on a fragile car to travel through France, to Italy, and then through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. During the trip, Red asks his father to visit some of the interesting places, but his father is still focused on the destination, and Reda irritates with his father's demands. During their pilgrimage they encounter an old woman (Ghina Ognianova), who becomes attached to two men and must be eventually deserted by Reda, a Turkish man Mustafa (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to lead a father / son duo, but instead leads to a schism drinking up Reda in bar and disappearing, and countless guards of border patrols and customs agents who delay their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son: Red can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage, which is full of trials and misfortunes, and the father can not understand Reda's insensitivity to his father's religious beliefs and needs. In the end, they reach Mecca, where they are surrounded by crowds of pilgrims from all over the world, and the meaning of the journey is overwhelming for Reda. The way history ends is moving and rich in meaning. She made a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between her son and father, and between resistance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual effect of this film is extraordinary - the more so because it seems that the camera "happens" to capture the beauty of many stopping points along the way, without the need to improve them with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a great actor (be sure to watch his latest and currently screened movie "The Grocer's Son") and his carefully crafted role brings magic to this film. Another great movie from The Film Movement is a delicate story told wonderfully. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
