If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you may notice that the opening, in which May 2, 1945, Lancaster bomber was fatally wounded, is unlikely because the German air defense was as alive as Adolph Hitler that day, but this is not a movie that he should be watched by a cynical audience and I think that a figure who was killed literally in the last hours of the war is encouraging. In fact, you would have to live through the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell and Pressburger's masterpieces. The sky scenes are painfully twee when we watch them today? Again, you must view the context movie when it was created. RAF bomber command lost 58 000 people during the war, as much as America lost in Nam, but in a shorter period and a much smaller pool of active fighters there are no atheists in the fox hole and I doubt if you lost a relative during the conflict would consider material atheism as a sensible thing . When the young pilot of Richar Attenborough looks with admiration at the sight of him, many war heroes had to openly cry on this scene, remembering many missed companions who did not survive the war. We should also remember that despite the loss of several million people in 1939-45, it seems that few people from Germany pass through pearly gates. it's obvious that the Nazis do not go to heaven. <br /> <br /> The very plot in which the bold young pilot Peter Carter quarrels about his life in front of the heavenly court, would not have a great appeal for me, if it was not for the subtext you see WHAT LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film that deplores the end of the British empire, replaced by American ambitions. There are very few things that the film shows through people who are aware of American history and culture. One of them is the ethnic mix of America, even today many Britons believe that the US is mostly composed of White Anglo Saxon Protestants, while in reality only 51% of Americans are "White European". The movie rightly contains a scene in which many different races adhere to "I am American," as Peter, Abraham Farlan, Anglophobe, who was the first revolutionary killed by the British forces in the American Revolutionary War, assesses. Regarding the "special relationship" between Great Britain and America - what special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Great Britain and America. They also know their future, of course. <br /> <br /> So remember to watch this movie with some of the minds in the past and some of the minds in the present. It's strange, beautiful, poignant and wise, but above all a movie that would never work if it was created in the last 40 years. Can you imagine that the story was set in 2003 And it concerned a British soldier killed in Iraq?
