After "A Dirty Shame" I never thought that I would see another John Waters' movie. This movie was really so bad that I was convinced that all his films would be like that. But when the DVD with this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and said it was a great movie, I decided to try it. Only a few days later he was shown on television. I recorded it out of curiosity, and now, when I saw it, I can say that this "Pecker" is much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this video, we see how a young "nobody" from Baltimore becomes a nighttime sensation in the art world of New York. She is an employee of a sandwich shop who photographs her strange family or the things she sees on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his first "exhibition" in the store where he works, his pictures are noticed by the gallery owner who loves paintings full of misery and quirks. His photos are sold at huge prices, but when he sees his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides he will not be going to New York anymore, they will have to come to him if they want to see him more. And they do it, but what they see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to understand why I loved this movie more than "A Dirty Shame" "The first reason is that that this movie has a real story. This movie really has something to say and is not only designed to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the world of art, which considers everything extraordinary as art, because they do not know what reality looks like, is not simply funny, it is also not so far from the truth. I think that there are many people who think about contemporary art in this way. Nobody understands why they are making such a fuss, but we supposedly liked it. The second reason I liked this movie is the fact that this movie had much better acting performances. I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of various actors, such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> In general, it's not a great movie, but thanks to his criticism and good jokes - which never go too far - this is a nice movie. This is certainly not the best comedy in history, but I liked it more than "A Dirty Shame". I give this film a 6.5 / 10.
