Before this small, black-and-white, irritable topic of criminal rape has never hit the American screen. There were many such topics that Hollywood and the Codex of production hid until the rebellious 60s. No wonder that raising the topic would take a little independent company, such as filmmakers Ida Lupino. The result is well thought out, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising, because director Lupino had to work with Code requests to release the movie. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, the main problem of Ann Walton (Mala Powers) after the attack is not like others can see her, but how she sees herself. And this is the heavy load she wears. Will she ever be able to re-establish contact with men? Will they look at it as "broken goods" (in the end it is 1950)? No wonder he escapes instead of dealing with these fears at home and at work, even though family and friends are generally sympathetic. In general, this first part is serious and well made. The pursuit is fueled to inject some action into the storyline, but this is a movie - notice how the unpleasant neighbor does not react to the trumpet near the end of the chase. If it were screams of anxiety on the part of the superpowers, lack of neighbor's reaction would provoke an interesting, though complicated, problem. <br /> <br /> The other half is largely devoted to the production code in the sentimental person Rev. Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (quoting the sentence) "gives her courage to face life again". There is a certain effort to humanize him - be it Ann or her dilemma, which interests him most. Nevertheless, his gentle and forgiving presence is a bit too wonderful and a bit too Hollywood. Fortunately, the ending avoids the usual Hollywood overtone, stressing only the hope for a happy solution for Ann, and not her certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a lot of credit to deal with this topic. Considering the overall results, I expect that she dealt with the topic as honestly as she could. I also expect that today's audience will find this treatment a bit interesting, mainly because of Powers's excellent performance that brings out a purely human drama. However, the film works best now as a document of its time and what contemporary cultural guards considered suitable for watching adults.
