I love that movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite movie, as well as my film. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, perfectly crafted story - the power of love against "the powers that are." However, his deception depends on the complexity of the premise "whether it is real or imagined." Basically, it can be argued that this is simply a picture of the consequences of the war for a young, poetically avid airman during World War II. Or is it? The question is never given in one way or another. Actually, he never asks. This constant understatement is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and photos even contain nice touches showing the interest of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's opera "Der Rosenkavalier" about a young Viennese aristocrat from the 18th century. This can be seen in the short cut-scene, in which Conductor 71, wearing all his clothes, keeps a rose (which appears silver in the sky). Music has even dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> All acting is paramount - David Niven is the most glamorous and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and relatively newcomer Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Mariusz Goring as Conductor 71. He definitely has the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent lightness, brightening the film. It is a pity that some scenes with Conductor 71 were left on the floor of the cutting room. It is a pity, too, that Goring's comedy talent rarely appears in the film, except for the great films from The Scarlet Pimpernel from the 1950s. This is by far the most memorable role in his film career. It is an ideal foil for the free Niven style, and its virtual over-well contrasts with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940s, Niven also performed with another celestial "messenger" played by Cary Grant in the Bishop's Wife. Their acting styles were so similar that the result was boring, non-energy and disappointing. By the way, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially refusing the Conductor 71. It's good that he gave up and gave us such a wonderful portrait. <br /> <br /> The film "," to smooth out the tense relationship between the United Kingdom and the US, breaks its point at the end. But he disarms himself in gentle reminders of the horrors of war - numerous victims, both military and civilian, having to "continue" in the face of death. There is a lack of "enemies" in the Second World War in heaven, but the civilians shown have an undetermined origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit, but it was not necessary. The film may not meet its diplomatic goal, as expected, but its originality still inspires both filmmakers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
