Some unsuspecting videos carry a message that resonates in hours and days after viewing. This is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully made film from Spain in 2002, based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book as a screenplay. War and its consequences are not a new theme for movies, but when this war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) that have to face adult life influenced by adult games, the result is different and more sensitive research on the type of film about the coming century. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish-American teenager from New York who along with her critically ill mother Aurora (María Barranco) returns home to her Aurora in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War , a home that was abandoned by the father of Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) from the death of his wife. Father Carol Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who stood on the side of the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso in turn married the cold sister Aurora Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains distanced from everyone, except grandfather, Don Amalio, until she meets other people her age, but not from her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends initially dislike Carol, but as the events unfold, Carol Tomiche is bound by what feels like the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies because of her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanka (Luna McGill), but he asks for help from his grandfather and the best friend and teacher of Maruja's mother (always the radiant Rosa Maria Sardà) to understand the difference between classes and a senseless war that keeps her beloved father by her side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn the rigors of becoming adults, facing more traumas in the short period of war than most of us experience in life. The ending, though sad, is uplifting when Carol's journey to maturity is over. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains amazingly beautiful settings captured with delicate gentle lighting by the operator Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by the music score of Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the thin line separating the pathos from the bathos, and deciding to concentrate the story on the children involved, makes even stronger statements about the futility and cruelty of the war. The cast is unique: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by excellent veteran actors in adult roles. It is a visually stunning work with a long-lasting message and should find a much larger audience than it is before. Grady Harp
