The opening bloom made me mumble with delight over their ingenuity - the changed version of the Archers logo, a preliminary caveat, the way the camera moves across space. It is strange that "It's a Wonderful Life" was released in the same year. Without a great coincidence: the forties were flooded with films of heaven and earth; but the glowing nebulae of the cotton wool and the marvelous angels of the competition look jagged, something best kept silent when placed next to the vision of Alfred Junge. <br /> <br /> It still looks great all the time and more striking ideas appear on us. I'm not a big fan of mixing colors with black and white in general. One of the two visual patterns almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves the color into monochrome and monochrome color, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, just changing palettes. Both color photography and black and white photography could stand alone. <br /> <br /> Regarding the story ... it could be the best scenario of Pressburger, or at least it would be if the application was a more successful logical result of previous events. Besides, he is tense, but with more things I can mention here. Were heavenly things real or imaginary? (Or both?) Maybe Carter came up with a fantasy that was, as it happened, true.) Everyone says that we should neither ask nor answer this question, but I do not understand why. I am sure that we PLEASE ask the question. The film even gives us clues as to what the answer is - in fact the problem is that there are too many tips and they seem to initially point in different directions. The fact that other things should also take our attention does not mean that it should not concern us either. As I mentioned, a lot is happening. <br /> <br /> Consider a scene in which Abraham Farlan (a lawyer accusing in heaven) plays a radio program from a cricket match and contemptuously speaks: the voice of England, 1945. "Dr. Reeves (defender) admits that the exhibition is very embarrassed and then produces one of his own: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if he had a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks happy. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I do not see the reason why blaming the blues music is snobbish - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger do. When the song is played, we get shots of American soldiers who listen to her: a few of them nod to the beat, perfectly at home. They do not consider it incomprehensible. There is something valuable in the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan know what it is. Reeves probably realizes that. All English recipients (as well as all recipients from Australia, India, etc.) They know that there is no information that there is anything valuable about the broadcast of cricket; and though Reeves understands this, he can not explain it to Farlan - hence the transmission of the blues, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing the understanding of everything else. It's a clever scene. <br /> <br /> The last thing. I found David Niven a bit cold, without the charisma he will get later in his career; but still, I do not think that the movie would grab my heart as soon as the action started, like this one.
