Did Mystic Pizza not win the Oscar this year? This movie has never had a chance because of the casting, but maybe now people can see why I felt like that after leaving the theater. Only "Wargames" left me in a similar way after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I can see our future. History has shown that this is how it happened. <br /> <br /> Cast is Kultinart's 80s pop-culture: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the fugitive in the frame gave the chance to "escape" for freedom on a game show of the same title as the movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treating his role as if he were hosting Family Feud with players using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-founder Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill "running men". There are even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie), while "future dancers" are none other than Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s". The plot is a good excuse to share: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but he agrees to be a Running Man when he tells him that his friends will be released; instead, they join him as "players". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is a standard that allows Salma Hayek to be properly assessed in the 90s. <br /> <br /> The production value on the film was a bit weak, the lines were bad and (at that time) the plot seemed a bit stretched . I remember thinking when I left the theater that we were definitely heading towards the movie, but who could see how far we would go there and how fast? If "The Running Man" was listed on the TV Guide, most people would suppose it would be another reality show that is moving today. The government's influence on the media has only deteriorated, and the overwhelming American public opinion of the future, which gives all the freedoms for "national security", is even chilling in our veins. Ben Richards is perfectly played by Arnold as one of the few remaining opponents of government tyranny that the rest of America is too willing to accept in return for good television and some gifts to the public. <br /> <br /> The movie was already over the top, maybe even outside the cliff for its time, but like in the case of "Back to the Future III", "gorge", which fell in 1987, was replaced by completed songs in 2006 and later. this film will affect the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that the academy, like Wargames, did not give this wonderful recognition scenario she deserved. "Serious" actors who play seriously, being so pretentious that you want to quit, can win more Oscars, but it does not make them better movies than their counterparts of "ordinary man," such as this one. <br /> <br /> Absolutely need to see.
