Arnold once again demonstrated in the 80's that he is the king of the action, and one of the liners in this futuristic film about a brutal game shows that no player will survive. But as the markup line says, Arnold has yet to play! The film begins in 2019, when the global economy collapsed due to lack of food and other important materials, and a totalitarian state was created, controlling every aspect of life through television and the police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against the "Stalker" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) who runs a helicopter mission to observe the ongoing food riots. He orders his superiors to shoot at them, refusing to get rid of him and throw him in prison, in the meantime murdered people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre that brought him the name "Bakersfield Butcher". Eighteen months later, Richards and two friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), joined the detention zone in which they worked. They go to the underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Micko quickly identifies Richards as the "Bakersfield Butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance movement, but he would rather live with his brother and get a job. He soon discovers that his brother was taken away for re-education, and his flat was given the name of a woman Amber Mendez (Alonso). Knowing who he is will not help him, but he convinces her, but the cops arrested him at the airport after he released it. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a runaway man has problems finding good new blood for stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson), the show's host and one of the most powerful people in the country, sees that Richards escapes from the recordings and is able to get him on show after being captured. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs a contract. You will love this part. But he soon discovers that they will also join him and make sure that Killian knows he will come back. Runners start to break through the zones and fight characters that are unforgettable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many more. Finally Amber joins Richards, who suspected he was founded, but was caught and thrown into the game. Together they find the underground and go back to Killian and give him a farewell. <br /> <br /> Running man is another of Arnold's great films from the 80's. The film apparently was based on a book by Stephen King of the same title. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure it is not and I do not care that I loved this movie. As in all Arnold's films, acting is what one would expect from Arnold's classic liners, and even Ventura gets into pairs. But no doubt Richard Dawson is the distinguishing feature of this film. Being a real game show host, he easily fooled and was able to create a character who was really cold blooded. The whole movie itself is a bit ripped off for game shows and a big brother is watching you. Keep an eye out for their fun and some old programs, including "I hate the boat". Also the cast was great, apart from Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, do not forget about Toru Tanace, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all this reality, the TV nonsense that appears on it is almost better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals will do it in the movie "The Bad Bush". The new DVD included mostly bad additions, and the stalkers were the only one who could be replaced. Some of them, like ACLU managed to get some communism on DVD, and there is a laugh of laughter that should not be close to Arnold's movie of all things. Blasphemy! In general, for every fan of Arnold, and especially for us who grew up in the 80's, you can not miss it. This is one of the first ones I've seen in the 80's and it's still great today. The futuristic world and humor are great. Generally 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
