Of all Arnold's films from the mid-1980s who would think The Running Man would be the most important today. The cold and surprisingly realistic story of television reality has gone crazy. It could have been strained, but not now. Not when you think about it. Currently, Reality TV shows scratch the bottom of the barrel or desperately raise the bar. If the next one is not more controversial than the last one, it is a dud. How long will it take before we really see programs like The Running Man? How long before we have "court-appointed theater lawyers" or the entertainment department of the Department of Justice? In this film there is so much satire and intelligence that may have been missed in 1987, which is desperately visible after considering the current state of television programs. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is "You're lied to." It's no secret that the government and the media act in collusion. And the masses believe what the media tell them. This is a very frightening state of affairs, and if there are no more accurate representations of the truth, we can easily accept a brutal program, such as a Running Man, in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. Before the broadcast is edited and transformed, and only what the network want you to see. Usually it is far from the real truth. <br /> <br /> Although it is a completely different book than Stephen King's book (the ending is completely changed), the script is consistent with the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has many very old-fashioned singles and says: "I'll be back" (which I did not really say when I think about it) in the most ironic situation, but still a million times better then Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would be in that role (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believe it or not). <br /> <br /> The director is Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic, but it is still strong enough to arouse emotions, and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each individual a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (not the director I particularly like) was included in front of Glaser, but no matter who the director is, the movie is still badly affected by the heavy feelings of the 80s. <br /> <br /> First, the result of Harold Faltermeyer (remember he?) is incredibly outdated and deprives the action scene of all timeless integrity. And the film's sense of fashion is definitely too exaggerated to be convincingly set in the future. In addition to the outdated atmosphere, the only thing that worries me is a poorly organized shooter that goes as a culmination. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is zillion times better than the original version. Gone horrible photo of letterbox. In its place there is a new anamorphic transfer with high resolution 1.85: 1. Colors shine and literally pop out of the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack is also amazing. There is no continuous use of surround channels for great effect, and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best remasters I have seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, the trailer and the trick "Meet the Stalkers" are included in this 2-disc set, which is in a neat box.
