I'm still new to the Krimi genre, and the only one I saw before watching it was the earlier and somewhat disappointing "The Dead Eyes of London", which did not give much hope for the rest of the genre in me. If, however, I first saw it, the feeling would be different, as if the College Girl Murders is a bizarre and quite crazy attempt to steal; it's great fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that casts so many weird and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to pull it away with style. The film begins in a laboratory where a crazy scientist invented a new, highly toxic poison that kills his victim and makes him appear to have died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal murderer who expels common criminals from prison to carry out his murders using this poison (and then places them in prison). As the title suggests, this is a nearby college full of girls who provides the majority of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk wearing a red robe who prowls around breaking the neck with a bullwhip. <br /> <br /> Of course with such a story; it is not a serious matter and the director clearly knows it because the film has a very lively atmosphere that bodes well for the story. The fact that there are so many different sides of the story, unfortunately, means that everything does not work smoothly; although this is not a big problem, because everything is going well in the whole movie and there is always enough to interest the audience. The atmosphere is great and the colors on the display are great. Of course, the film is based on the novel by Edgar Wallace and clearly has a great imagination; the locations used are also great, and although the killer's lair decorated with lots of wild and exotic animals may not have any connection to the story, it helps to give the film something. You can not expect a conclusion that fully makes sense after all the things that appear in this movie; but the reason for the murders makes sense and is a satisfying way to culminate the film. In general, College Girl Murders is a perfect little mysterious flutter and one that is highly recommended!
