Prussian gas, a murderer assuming a red clan suit and a hood with a white whip, and murders of high school girls from the hands of paid convicts taken by a mysterious murderer who hides his face in an office containing turtles and fish aquariums. Inspectors in Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his supervisor Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) will certainly have their hands full in this matter. Everything seems to be focused on the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when he turns 21, has inherited a lot of wealth. The girls who are the target of the attack share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains the most powerful secret of SY. All the girls' academics are hiding something, and some members of the department fall victim to an assassin in the guise of a red-robed monk, talented enough to strangle the neck with a whip. The mysterious man orders the two prisoners to use the newly created toxic gas created by the scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during the currency exchange for his creation. This is a smart program in which the driver Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets convicts (... who hide in a cask), which is helped by a corrupt prison guard. He blindfolded himself into the secret room of his brain, giving them orders to kill and how. The discovery of this operation is the highest priority for Higgins and Sir John, because it will lead them to the truth they seek in relation to the murders and why they happen. The headmasters of girls' dormitories, her brother, the sweaty, nervous chemistry teacher, the spying gardener and Bannister are suspicious. Some of them are red herrings until they are removed, throwing the viewer a loop each time a real brain is discovered. The ending contains many twists and turns. <br /> <br /> From the movies Krimi, which I saw, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to giallo with his colorful killer, a dizzy plot that gives many surprises and potential suspects, and disgusting shenanigans between adults and college girls in a dorm. I think you can also see James Bond's influence on this particular Krimi movie with the secret hideout of the villain man who is not used, the false biblical / water pistol, after opening, fires the gas to the surprised victims, Royce Roaves Greaves which has latches that cause the hatches to darken the windows, without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the holes are seen by the girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many may consider Sir John responsible because of his inept, puffy behavior and how often he undermines Higgins' ability to reach the truth (... perhaps mocking the knowledge of all British inspectors who harm the case more than they solve it) .. I felt that it was used as a comedic relief, especially in his attempts at psychoanalysis of suspected and potential victims, often not understanding what he was saying. Higgins, using skills acquired over the years as a researcher, follows advices / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. A capable direction of a reliable Alfred Vohrer, who keeps humming at a good speed, and the script is full of interesting characters and content. The fact that many adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect, each of them may be one wielding a whip or calling for shots after the executions of the murdered girls. I would say that this may be one of the best (if not the best) examples of the Krimi genre, because he keeps guessing, always one more ace in the sleeve ... the revelations discovered at the very end are quite an eye - opening (... and even literal unmasking a real brain that pulls the strings to finish it off).
