This is probably the fastest and most action-packed German series "krimi" by Edgar Wallace, the intersection of Dr Mabuse's films from previous years and 60's pop thrillers, such as Batman and Man from UNCLE. He re-introduces an outrageous villain from an earlier film that resembles the elegant style of a monk and breaks the victim's neck with the lock of a deadly whip. Situated in an elegant girls' school filled with lascivious, middle-aged professors and cops who caress their secretaries at every opportunity, it is certainly a return to these wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a clear link to a later film based on Wallace, the perfect giallo "Whatever Happened to Solange?" Which also applies to female students who are corrupted by (and corrupt?) Their elders. Suitable for the theme of the monk, the villain-master of the mind uses trap traps here to cope with some death blows, and also keeps dungeons full of reptiles to make his captivity laugh. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most entertaining and visually extravagant of the directors' series, and here the amazing colors are the real star of the series. The monk appears in a crazy scarlet coat and robe, tastefully revealing a shiny white whip, appearing against a purple night. There is also a friendly turquoise pool that looks great as both a luminous environment for young students and a dark background for one of the murder scenes. The "kicker" branding sign of hiding the "Ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable. And for fans of retro music is a great, brilliant and tacky result. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will surely miss the obscene figure of Eddie Arent in these later films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John plays the role of a buffoon, convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after completing several night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also went for bigger and better things. At the moment, Krimis lost a part of his unusual, subversive charm, and now they were working on a much more glaring level of pop culture, which will make it completely accessible to uninitiated viewers.
