Another Pokemon movie went to the movies, and again I hear the same old "Pokemon is dead, blah blah." The franchise's opponents could not be more wrong. Children are still playing the card game, they are still watching TV series, they are waiting for Game Boy Advance games and they want to see "Pokemon 4. movie". <br /> <br /> That said, "Pokemon The 4th Movie" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, the "northern wind" of knowledge and Celebi, the forest's guardian (and the stars of the series). Celebi is carrying himself and a boy named Sam 40 years into the future, to this day, where John's trainer, his faithful Pikachu and his friends, Brock and Misty, travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become quick friends when they discover the mutual love of the other person to Pokemon (vintage Pokeball Sam with a screwed up mountain is a great moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, Team Rocket agent, who is aptly named Vicious, who is determined to get Celeb for his own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger roles in this film than before? And who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you enter the movie, deciding that you will automatically hate it, no matter simply because it is a Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / siostrzeniec / youngsze rodzeństwo / et cetera "pulled" you into it), then you will hate it because you decided that you want to hate it. It may be so, but blind mowing "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it is a Pokemon movie, and especially without watching it, is simply stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without knowing every detail of the Pokemon's world. I'm not saying you'll become a Pokemon fan for this movie, but you can enjoy it if you let it happen. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first three Pokemon movies, "Pokemon 4. The movie is distributed by Miramax, about which I heard that he is also working on securing the rights to the fifth movie Pokemon, which was released last summer in Japan. Miramax claims he has some boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I've seen so far is a limited limited edition that does not contain the usual Pikachu at the beginning, which I was really looking forward to until then. I hope Miramax will find it appropriate to put Pikachu, called "Pikachu's Exciting Hide-and-Seek", at least on the DVD / VHS release, if not in the future wider edition of "Pokemon The 4th Movie." I hope that the current edition is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
