The late 1930s and early 1940s were a golden age for adventure films, along with increased budgets during the economic recovery, changes in entertainment screens since the introduction of the production code and the general carefree optimism of the times. While most of them are roaring carousing about wild, superhuman, and often sincerely misogynist heart beatings such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in terms of focus, range and tone. <br /> <br /> Part The secret of Gung Din is the division of work in a writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most talented and famous writers of the golden age of Hollywood. However, the actual scenario was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiola, both of whom, especially Guiol, had experience in comedy. What we receive from these four people is a well-balanced and captivating plot, but also cleverly spiced with comic accents. Most of the adventure films at that time were at least partially comedies, usually containing one or two cartoon comic players, but they did not enjoy laughing in the way that Gunga Din does. Here all the main characters can be objects or originators of jokes. We see that the ominous threat of bad guys suddenly disappeared when the scene falls apart into a light fight. The first major stage of the battle is an even mix of actions and gags, in the style of the silent tamers of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that Flynn's and the Force's vehicles have largely failed to repeat. In the middle of Gung Din, the action must necessarily take a break and there are many talkative scenes for the sake of the plot. However, continuous attempts at comedy? like a spiked routine? make this "slow" portion bearable. <br /> <br /> Producer-director George Stevens was natural when it came to this kind of thing, cutting his teeth in Hal Roach's studios and almost exclusively directing comedies up to that point. It was his first feature feature that performs a surprisingly good job. In particular, the use of moving shots from the point of view makes the battle scenes extremely exciting. It also brings something that is rarely seen in the action pictures of this era? a sense of real fear and fear. He sets this up with those raw and sinister mountains that dominate in many shots and outshone characters. The image of the abandoned village and cultists of Thuggee is calling for "Kali!". he is really haunted. This dimension of fear plays a role in all other emotions that are present here, causing us to worry about these nice characters and make the comedy give greater relief. <br /> <br /> The real touch of genius is the way the title character is presented to the public. We have been informed about Din visually, because it is visible in many scenes before any of the heroes actually turns to him or verbally refers to him. For this reason, we have the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a remarkable figure for us, and above all a nice one, because we see him risking his life and giving water to dying people. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are futile without any skills. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din is of the highest class! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideally suited to the material, because their best roles could be found somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant in particular is at its best, largely credible, but only from time to time breaks into this over-the-top whooping and capering, which was its hallmark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. does not quite meet the standards of his heavy companions, but he is not bad. And of course there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his appearance, to play these wrinkled little freaks forever, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I did not intend to break up the depressing adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and many of their photos are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of them will never achieve. Not only does he have no elegant male advantage or a stereotypical damned virgin, but he successfully combines the genre of action with comedy and taking over, in the way that it was taken several photos before or after. And that is great.
