For some time I did not know in my youth all that you can know about this film in general, but the ways of creating the movie were not what really caught my attention, which made this movie the most-liked, even the very day that I have ever seen it is the heroism, courage and honor with which he served in the service of Her Majesty. This film is not always what it seems and may be as it should be, but I can not say enough for the courage shown by Sgt.Cutter in defense of the Uniform that he would also sacrifice his life to save the danger of being threatened along with the branch, the appearance of this group of bandits. <br /> <br /> To be a sergeant. Cutter is a kind of person you can suggest something about, and then you see this unambiguous conviction not only in yourself, but also in her Majesty the Queen of England. I think about all my lust for money and that this character was great. Reckless, courageous and courageous soldier who did not know fear. It seems to me that Grant was excellent in this role, really very capable of rendering, captivating through the uniform he wore. I never felt that Ballantine is a shoe, in fact there was so much trust in these assumptions that it might be good not to look at the closure, because it is still just a picture. What I mean? This picture is still just a movie and reminds you of the times in which these events take place, and when the picture was actually taken to look at how it was done and what or why there are so many different opinions about the film, which will turn your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equally committed to both men from time to time, providing unwavering boldness when it comes to working as men in the service of Her Majesty. These three seem rather good and it seems to me that this is a useful and even pleasant interlude, when Ballantine has a date with destiny, or at least it would seem only to have destiny, as you would like, intervene . Is it possible? I do not know. I think it is very good when the company escapes from the clutches of death in Tantrapur and tails after it when approaching the main gate to the Regiments Post, when Ballantine lets the other two know that he leaves the service and marries and goes to a tea store. MaChesney says she can sign up for another 9 years. I like this feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is any doubt as to what it means to have courageous, courageous soldiers representing your best interests. Where it ends, it can never end. These interests are so well positioned, which is important in this world is that today I am happy with the picture as much as I liked this picture when I was ten years old. Until recently I did not know about the truth of this movie when I went down in history and found information about Kali. However, there is a lot to learn, but once you've been told and done everything about the historical significance of the Goddess Kali, this film takes on what I call intelligence. It is a very sincere attempt to pass on faith in what is being tried. I think it is an excellent movie. George Stevens directed. <br /> <br /> There are a few things to keep in mind. I do not think all the information fits the story, but when a journalist says that Mr. Kipling can become very emotional, because all the rest are characters, but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens went to the top to convey time and time before these events actually took place. The information is fair, convincing and not only draw you in, but you must understand why we love Gung Din so much. In the distance there is a Black Watch and they approach the most dangerous threat and possible defeat, unless the soldier can be warned. he is seriously injured, and Ballantine and MaChesney are restrained. Having a deep wound at the base of the back as a result of a bayonet inserted deep into his body from behind, depends on the need to warn the colonel against impending danger. With an effort worthy of our deepest desires in this life, Din slowly climbs up and manages to scale the tower that rests on top of the tuggee temple. The sound of the corner of Gunga Dins allows the approaching army to be prejudiced. there is a battle on a scale, and the opponent is annulled. It is so dramatic and tense that Gunga Din lay dead on a pile of rocks, which now shows his body with bullets, Sgt.Cutter says that the soldier has a good job. a more dramatic moment, or one in which we learn what sacrifice means when the army is warned of impending danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from anti-climatic, that is to say who Gunga Din is and what he means now honored men in uniforms, for whom he wanted to sacrifice. Ballantine knows her heart and asks the colonel to look after his recruitment documents, and that makes MaChesney quite happy that the colonel is honestly putting the recruiting documents in his pocket perhaps at a more appropriate time. The colonel says in a place where everyone is now gathered, we've all done enough soldiers for one long day and we continue to comment on how much defense efforts have been made. MaChesney says he would prefer it to a Colonel rather than a Bloomin medal. This is a very sober point, and then he comes to Diana. Now there is a man who has no status, so I intend to designate him as a corporal, and his name will be written on the rolls of our venerable dead. A poem and I read as if it had been written by Kipling himself, who is at the grave of a colonel and the rest of the people. Gunga Din Bravo!
