I would like to give this film a 10/10, but in its existing state I can only go to 8/10 peaks. Editing the post-code (read: destruction) of this movie guarantees a 2-point advantage. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge about the history of the film, Baby Face was apparently one of the two films that eventually broke the camel. In 1934, we returned to the game and introduced full anger and enforcement of the Production Code. (I do not know what the second movie was like.) As a result, it was never allowed to re-release the film in the original incarnation after 1934. He was hacked and edited for bits, and no original version exists today. The best thing we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but which is grossly edited in a few scenes, and has a very disappointing "happy ending" that ended at the end. <br /> <br /> Everything that has been said above, the movie is still very damn wonderful and a lot of fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is absolutely amazing and wonderful as always. She is so beautiful and powerful; she is simply the owner of the whole movie! He plays a woman who has been exploited by men throughout his life, starting with his father, who pushes her to local Erie, steel workers PA, and to local politicians in the quid pro quo: "if you do not close my speakeasy I will let you sleep with my daughter ". When my father dies in a fiery explosion at the beginning of the movement, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. <br /> <br /> After the fire Stanwyck leaves Erie with his maid and goes to New York. He aims at the skyscraper and begins to literally work at the top. Starting with a HR officer in the HR department, he sleeps with him to get a position in the bank at a basic level. From there he sleeps with a man by man (including the very young John Wayne), using every new man to help her get a higher paid job on the upper floor of the skyscraper, with increasingly powerful male bosses from the sugar factory. Stanwyck stops at anything in her ascending to the top. It's great to see her and her maid in increasingly sophisticated clothes and apartments, because Stanwyck works on a corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the best femme fatale, manipulative, she-vixen in this movement! If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping when you see the character of George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) dying in the arms of Stanwyck. Skip the remaining 3 minutes! "Happy ending" reached the end of the movie for post-Code recipients offending the audience's intelligence and lame faith: members of the bank's board sit at a table displaying a donation of one million dollars to Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm bank and how they live happily but poorly Erie, with former vice president Trenholm now working in steel mills - trimmed to the same material from the steelworks we saw at the beginning of the movie - "The End." PUH-LEEZE - HOW LAME! The film initially ended with the success of George Brent. I think the ending fits the overall mood of the movie much better than at the end of the post by code. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that a copy of the original version of this code from the pre-code will be discovered during my lifetime (update: original HAS found and should be available on DVD and / or TCM in 2006) . Until then, I'm happy with the version of TCM and turn it off before ending lame-post after the code.
