The melodrama of the director Alfred Green "Baby Face" with Barbara Stanwyck is one of the best known Pre-Code movies. These films were produced before the Administration of the Code of Production had the power to enforce its principles in 1934. The "Inspiration" scenario Gene Markey and writer "Mary of the North" Kathryn Scola wrote a script based on the story of Mark Canfield about the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charms to gain wealth and position in society. By the way, Mark Canfield was the pseudonym of the producer Daryla F. Zanucka. These pre-dialectal films seem to be tamed today, but they have aroused much controversy and contained more racist material than most films until the late 1950s, when the Codex began to erode. The topics that the filmmakers discover are women versus men, women versus women, and women versus society. Our crafty protagonist makes so many skulduggers that all motifs are almost equal. <br /> <br /> Worthless father Lily Nick Powers (Robert Barret of "Distant Drums") leads an illegal strip during Prohibition, when the Thirteenth Amendment banned alcohol, and brews its own alcohol in a peaceful place. Nick is such an intolerable guy that he drives out his beautiful but diligent daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck from "Night Nurse"), but Lily refuses to help his father with a poor local politician. Politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl from "Private Detective 62") vows revenge for refusing Lily to accept him. Later Nick chews his rebellious daughter. Lily throws him away. "Yes, I am a tramp, and who is guilty? My father, you started swelling me, not counting men, dirty, rotten people. And you're lower than any of them. "She barely had time to jump out, Nick dies when he's still bursting and killing him. Lily and her African-American maid Chico (Theresa Harris from "Arrowsmith") pack their bags and catch the first load leaving the city. <br /> <br /> As soon as our heroines reach New York than Lily uses her charm to get a job at the bank. Visually, Green's director shows Lily's ingenious ascension through the ladder with camera angles that move up until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At one point, Lily breaks up a marriage between one bank officer, Ned Stevens (Donald Cook of "The Public Enemy") and his fiancée Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") after Stevens almost fired her for flirting with her boss, Brody (Douglas Dumbrille from "His Women") in the toilet for employees. Lily is extremely clever and manages to get out of each defeat better than before. The trusteeship board employs Courtland Trenholm (George Bent from "Jezebel") to take over as bank president. The first thing that Trenholm does is pay off Lily, instead of allowing her to publish journal entries with a higher bank growth. What's more, Trenholm sends Lily to his branch in Paris, where Lily does not cause any confusion until Trenholm arrives and becomes romantically bound. Lily struggles with her teeth and nails for everything she has got and hates to throw everything, but sacrifices everything for her husband. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Lily is back in the same city I started, but Trenholm and she are happy now. "Baby Face" qualifies as one of the five best films before the code. Look for John Wayne dressed in a suit and tie in one scene.
