Pre-release version of "Baby Face" from 1933. It would be an ideal introduction to the corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Under the care of Professor Nietszchean, Lily Powers grows out of life in easy virtue, thanks to which her father can quickly climb the corporate ladder in a large bank. Because each rung of the ladder is a contractor with the brain below the belt and ethics locked in the treasury, the film has no casualties, except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by the abusive exploitative father. The devastating relationship with his father suggests Lily's hidden motive that he uses people for promotion regardless of their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she targets are happy to betray wives and fiancés to turn a job into a sexual favor. Perhaps bank failures in the thirties owed less to economics than morally corrupt directors dispersed by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly, and the camera moves with amusement from window to window on the facade of the office building as Lily climbs higher and higher. Barbara Stanwyck relished the difficult, difficult roles, and she is in top form here. Sentiment does not bother you when it's ready to climb to the next level. Only her African-American confidant, Chico, receives Lily's love, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would make men throw furs and penthouses into it. Stanwyck often seems excessively painted and stiffly coiffed compared to Harris. However, in spite of Stanwyck's difficult attitude, obvious tactics and artificial vision, she manages to leave a trace of cheated and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is a 76-minute restored cut. The edited version of the film shyly turns away from the hard facts that the longer cut restores and makes clear. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote this story under his assumed name, intended to learn a lesson from Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite Alphonse Ethier's lectures and advice not to be defeated by life, Lily's grip for power and money probably owed her more to her upbringing and father than to the professor. However, philosophy is just a distraction. The short, fast and fun "Baby Face" is as contemporary in its morality as "Wall Street". Deputy Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily was able to declare that her guiding philosophy is "greed is good."
