This is considered a key movie before the code? from the director, who later made the musical biography THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid science fiction INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and contains one of the best early roles of Barbara Stanwyck. <br /> <br /> Is backed by a great cast that includes popular actors and respected character performers of the day? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point turning to Stanwyck with a titular nickname, derived from a popular song that is constantly heard throughout this category) in the first category, and in the second category Robert Barrat (as Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (as her most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as her senior mentor? More on this topic later), Arthur Hohl (as a lewd politician) and Henry Kolker (as Chef and father-in a law that also seduces Stanwyck). Interestingly, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared, were then removed at his own request, when the movie fell into trouble with censorship! <br /> <br /> Backed by the crack, ie the usually well-maintained dialogue and realistic sets of Anton Grotto, the narrative contains unexpected undertones of Nietzschean philosophy passed to our small-town heroine by the intellectual Etier (Stanwyck complains early on him that he is not "a ball of fire "Which, of course, contradicts her later comedy directed by Howard Hawks and co-star Gary Cooper, under the auspices of Ethier, quickly becoming essentially soulless, determined that nothing will stand in its way to success, a symbolic presentation of its growth in a New York company, with which she was finally employed, she resembles the same sardonic - in connection with the demanding power of an ambitious statesman in October Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! From a sociological point of view, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly looking out for his black servant. /> <br /> The first two the third film is simply great; At first I thought that the last stages are slightly disappointing? because I expected Stanwyck to get his favor, falling into the late figure of George Brent, while he ignores her, but like everyone else, he's soon under her spell! However, at the second viewing, this aspect seemed less shocking? because it is obvious that the state of affairs was affected by two deaths that caused her selfish behavior and that her term in Paris softened her (even if she tries to stick to her hard-earned wealth for as long as possible). <br /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of NO VOLUME 1 COLLECTED COLLECTION, the film is presented in two strikingly different versions? the newly discovered pre-release version and the tamer Theatrical Release print. Among the significant fragments of the latter is the dialogue about Stanwycek's life as a tramp from the age of 14 (although it can be heard in the trailer accompanying him!), While many other scenes have been shortened (ie censored for content): a fistish fistuff that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl, after he resists his progress; grooming in a wagon; a scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Stanwyck by Cook; shooting and then suicide (in the shorter version only shots can be heard); Stanwyck thinks about his conquests while playing the phonograph (again, only Brent appears in the version released for theaters), etc. Then, in some scenes he uses alternative shots? and includes a shot of a city that is missing in the longer version; however, we also receive a clearly completed happy ending (the pre-release version suddenly ends in a very effective open note) and an equally unconvincing warning letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which essentially has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche!
