"Baby Face" is an introductory melodrama with the young Barbara Stanwyck, almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to make a living ... or I should say to make time. Stanwycek's father, for one reason or another, is hounding his whole life in dingy, depressed, filthy Erie in Pennsylvania. When her father dies, one older type of father who knows what she's gone through and really cares for her future, advises her to go to a big city and take advantage of the opportunities there - and not the easy ones - and follow the path in life. (Note that I saw the censored version, not the uncut one - this part of the movie has been converted for censors.) She and Chico (Harris) are going to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low path is much smoother and will get where it wants to go much faster. In the most famous scene of the film, the camera takes us up the corporate ladder, taking us from floor to floor when Lily sleeps at the top. After all, she takes care of a big man and is able to give up her daily work. Problems arise and she soon participates in a big scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears a lot of make-up and most of the movie is as cool as a cucumber because he seduces one man after another without regret, and she's great at playing an innocent victim. In one of the scenes, she sits on a royal ransom in jewels, wearing a black dress that looks like decorated with diamonds on the top. Then he asks Chico for another case that is filled with more jewelry and securities. Everything in everyday work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played or charming, as well as a talented singer and dancer. Here he sings or hummers about the movie "St. Louis Woman. " She worked literally in dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwycka, her best work is in the pre-period. As a bizarre side product of the code, Negroes often received less to do in the films after its introduction. <br /> <br /> Movies with precode code may be more sexually glaring, and therefore, although they are over 70 years old, they seem more modern. Although these films did not have to have moral endings, Baby Face learns her lesson - how life is. There were several endings of this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw had an extra scene, but apparently there were two other endings that did not pass the censors. (There was no code, but there was always censorship.) Anyway, this is a nice surprise. "Baby Face" is an important movie in the history of the film - must see.
