I intend to review two films as a whole, because I believe that this should be taken into account and viewed. When I talk about 'film', I talk about parts 1 and 2 together, one by one, as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. <br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, rough and real movie. And that highlights the new style of making movies. No drama. No swelling soundtrack. Not in the documentary style. Just clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts. I've read "Jon Guerson's Life Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson and I recently completed the Auto Fidela biography, which helped me to properly immerse the film. But I must say that the exhausting, penultimate and wonderful biography of Jon Anderson gave this film the right historical bone. Anderson was a consultant for this film (or these two films). What makes this film real is that it is clean. No swelling music or photos in slow motion to increase drama, and more importantly; not a false documentary shaky camera. Simply square shots and a straight forward style. The type of camera you use makes you feel exactly in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should get full honors for it, I never doubted him as Che in the whole movie ... not once. He did a great job and I will respect him forever. Some people complain that the movie deals only with 2 pieces of his life, not the whole. I think, however, that this is one of the most beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. He does not try to "tell stories". Human life is too many to try to say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this film, it is based on this temptation and remains focused on the intention of letting us SURE CHE, IT'S DEVELOPMENT OF THE MILITARIST MIND AND FORCE AROUND IT. He focuses on three steps: a battle to throw Batista, a speech by Che.N. and Gorilla's preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle diaries" have already told his young man, and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects. I am referring to the book of Jon Anderson, and the film remains true. The only weak link for me is the casting (not the performance) of Matt Damon. In a film so full of realistic performances, an American (Matt Damon) who plays in Bolivia is a clumsy episode - he is doing well, but after so much care in the casting, it was over-site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the casting gives, and above all the amazing work of Benicio Del Toro, puts this movie at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this movie went almost straight to the video is something about how the ethics of the Cold War, which would never allow "revolutionized Cuba" to become what it could be, still works, keeping it a story in peace. If not from secret suppression, then from the effects of properly performed propaganda, which violated this topic. <br /> <br /> This is a movie you have to see, and the "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson is you need to read if you want to start understanding the early effects on the global mind due to the expansion of international / political financial chess with the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, which had an unfair pressure on our South American neighbors, and the effects were favorable.
