Probably the most brilliant thing in Che: the second part, when we begin to integrate it with the first part in our minds, is that there is no explanation why Che chose a confidential escape from Cuba after the revolution, no allusion to his experience in Congo, no explanation why he chose Bolivia as his next coup scene, no allusion to the political decisions he made as a young motorcyclist in South America, which Walter Salles gave a significant acquaintance. An extraordinary focus on Che meets volunteers who accompany his partisans. However, hardly any efforts are made to distinguish them as individuals to establish relationships. It is reasonably unreasonable. Che directs the inseparable doctrine not to leave any wounded man. But he does not have the impression that he is deeply interested in his people. This is a concept. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the villagers, given food and cover, supported in what becomes a victorious revolution. There is not much understanding here in Bolivia. The villagers are setting it. They protect government departments, not their own. When he talks about the one-sidedness of the government's medical system, his audience seems uninterested. You can not lead people to revolution if they do not want to come true. Soderbergh shows American military advisers working with the Bolivians, but he does not accuse the United States of the collapse of Che. Che seems to have just changed his fight and the place where he wanted to have it. <br /> <br /> By showing both wars, Soderbergh does not build his battle scenes as actions with specific results. Che people attack and are attacked. They exchange fire with distant assailants. In general, the group is in a combat shock, and the number of deaths has not been interrupted. This is not a war movie. It's about the sensibly unreasonable effort of man. There is no complicated cinematography. Soderbergh looks hard at the inflexible sacrifice of Che. There are occasional occasional shots, but few are more powerful, like POV Che during his last strokes. There is an abundance of terrain in which these people live for many weeks, and the absorbing effect is lazy, Guevara himself has malaria for some time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the movie producers, gives a masterful performance, not only because he is modest. It is not presented as a cutting edge like most epic heroes. In Cuba, he appears in conquest, in Bolivia, he falls down, and sometimes it is difficult to distinguish between the tangles of beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates not just identity, but attitude. You may think that the movie is too long. I think there is a real reason for its width. Guevara's case in Cuba, and especially in Bolivia, was not a series of episodes and sketches, but a venture of maintaining strength that could be called crazy. Ultimately, Che as a whole or in parts is a commercial movie in which his director begins by understanding the limitations inherent in the cinema biography and the gradual operation of these measures.
