Part II, formerly known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not as much fun as PART I, because here we are beginning to witness what could have caused Che Guevara's demise and death. Again I am impressed by the cause and effect that the two parts have in their interrelated stories. Time and again we are reminded that the main character, Che Guevara, is an Argentinean. Some of Fidel's army soldiers decided not to take orders from a foreigner, and now that Che decided to leave consolation for victory, to continue the revolution in Bolivia, he does not gain any respect from his new army and natives, just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> Regarding technical issues, I think that part II would be more helpful if, after everything, just after the map was displayed, it showed some elements from the previous part just to refresh the memory of its characters and what the basis is for the audience to understand why his methods succeeded in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. In this segment it is now clear that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia there is a group of soldiers whose hearts are not full. It is said that the ingredient of revolutionism is love ... well, they do not care so much for their country, so it is a difficult sale. It is terribly painful and difficult for Che to get others to buy his vision. <br /> <br /> I like one particular scene that illustrates Che's worsening condition, a scene where his horse will not go away no matter how much Che tries to guide him, and then his temper took on top and on he forgets that he is a doctor and becomes the desperate soldier who stabs his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be driven. But at the same time the film is dragging, based on small scenes from familiar faces that you recognize only for short entertainment and usually you hit the left and right one obstacle after the other, but maybe this is the intention of part II, if so, it definitely works. Standing ovations for photos that give us the first view at Che's last breath. This film may not answer the question of why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined that he could distract him even if he was against him and why he deeply wants South America to have the same fate as Cuba, but the CHE film is history worth telling.
