It surprises me that I had the courage to watch the brawl or the cinema "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban parents in exile found out that I saw this movie about this vile mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I would be grounded for life. Hey, wait? I'm an adult, they can not ground me. Director Steven Soderbergh and the novice commie (sorry Steven, but I had to take pictures of Soder here) divides the film into two parts in the revolutionary life of Commodore Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che in the mid-'50s joined the guerrilla Fidel Castro in the revolutionary drive to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; what, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but a gigantic guerrilla catastrophe for many Cubans who rebelled against communism. "Che: Part 2" presents Che trying to revolutionize the T-Shirt industry, raising T-shirts with the frightening Bearbado face to the T-Shirt manufacturers. OK, I'm talking to you about lot of nonsense! I wanted to say that "Che: Part 2" focuses on Che in the late 1960s, trying to restore the revolution, this time to poor Bolivia, but with significantly different results. In fact, Che ended up as dead meat of Enchelada when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not take into account the time between these two cases in Che's life when he commanded the wretched prison of La Cabana fortress in Cuba, where he massacred many Cubans who opposed communism. At this point, I think that Soderbergh has done cinematic injustice, not showing the audience how horrible she was really Guevara, I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh will not charm him, but instead he will show how really worried he was. Soderbergh did not do the latter and sadly decided to introduce Guevara as a revolutionary hero he was not, he was a sick man who, thank God, is probably probably at the bottom of the devil's barrel. he is a spectator and must admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was extremely commanding and deserving of merit. And that Demian Bichir was a dead dead bell as Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the "Che" cast consisted mainly of mediocre performances by actors playing Guerilla soldiers. And how much I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into a revolutionary mix in a performance with a Spanish-speaking performance depicting a delegate from Bolivia? Soderbergh did not have to present this biographical film, which is mostly "too much talking and not enough action" within 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've had too much Che, even posthumously with these funny t-shirts, so why do we need too much? But I'm guessing that when you have Del Toro by the horns (as you did here Steven), it is probably your salutary grace for the complete failure of "Che: parts 1 and 2". *** Average
