I came to see Guerrilla, the second part of Che Guevara's biography of Steven Soderbergh, without seeing the earlier film and without a brief knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was afraid that it would be both a hard history lesson and an immovable love letter to the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this movie far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works great as a standalone movie. The story of Che's unsuccessful attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia and then under military rule is a fascinating tragedy. The initial impulse triggered by Che's incognito arrival to lead a guerrilla war is lost because misfortune follows misfortune. Opportunities oppose the revolutionaries. American support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforests, suspected residents and Che's failing health are some of the difficulties that plague the nascent rebellion. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh in Che is largely uncritical, but this movie has no hagiography. The style is refreshingly easygoing, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias, adding a quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the movie, but there are very few close-ups of his face and we encourage you to see the people fighting next to him, and sometimes also against him. Where Soderbergh wants to demonstrate the virtues of Che, we see them in small episodes, such as a loyal acolyte who challenges two fellow partisans when they question Che's leadership, and underlines the sacrifice he has made, leaving Kuba to fight for the revolution again. > <br /> The direction is great. Part two seems to be strictly edited despite its narrow scope and is able to communicate very well using images without the need for the narrator to write to the public. At the beginning of the film, we see some short fragments of sumptuous events in post-revolutionary Cuba, immediately providing us with ideas on why Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrait of guerrillas marching through endless rainforest stands out as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps create the impression of a huge task ahead of this small group of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the film, the distance between the viewer and Che, which, although it allows us to appreciate the context of the uprising and the people around it, makes it difficult for us to understand him better. That's right, Benicio Del Toro is totally convincing in the lead role? so much that it's hard to remember that you are watching the actor, not the man himself. However, watching guerrilla as an independent film means that we get a valuable insight into what shapes Che's thoughts, words and actions. It is to be hoped that this is more evident in the first part of Soderbergh's biography (I can not comment on it yet), and the strength of the second part makes me wait impatiently for the prequel.
