I sat yesterday through both parts of Che, back to back with a short break in the bathroom, and I do not remember when the last 4 hours have passed so quickly. I had to psyche for a week in advance, because I have a real "thing" about directors, producers and editors who are constantly overflowing over long quasi epics in front of us and I feel it generally, 2 to 2.5 hours is almost right for the movie. So 4 hours seemed to stretch the boundaries of my tolerance and I was very uncertain about the whole undertaking. But let me say in advance that it's beautiful? Can I say beautifully? I made a movie and I'm glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh, I congratulate you on the clarity of his vision. Combat scenes roll like you avoid bullets yourself. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto "Che" Guevara was an Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. When I was a child in the sixties, the image of Che was everywhere; on posters on the bedroom wall, on T-shirts, on the covers of magazines. Che's image must be one of the most exploited in history. If you refer to famous paintings, Che was a very nice guy, the epitome of revolutionary romanticism. If he was ugly, I have to wonder if he would ever be so popular in the public imagination? Of course, dying young help. <br /> <br /> They made films about Che earlier (especially about the excellent motorcycle journals of 2004, in which the unbearably sweet Gael Garcia Bernal performed as a young Che, touring in South America and seeing endemic poverty, which formed his Marxist policy ), but I do not think anyone has ever dealt with the whole story from beginning to end, and this two-part project is ambitious. I hope it will pay off to Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that instant commercial success may not have been the most important thing in his mind. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows Che's meeting with Castro in Mexico and tracking their journey to Cuba to start a revolution, and then a trip to New York in 1964 to speak to the UN. Cleverly shot black and white images look like a contemporary movie, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) returns again in 1966, when Che comes to Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film is played almost exclusively in the forest. As far as I can see, it was shot mainly in Spain, but I can still believe that the film had to be quite exhausting. Benicio Del Toro is great as Che, the part he seems to give birth to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I thought that the Argentinean (ie Part One) was much easier to watch and more "entertaining" in the film strictly meaning, because it is optimistic. They win; The revolution will succeed. Che is in his element and leads a revolutionary group of peasants, workers and intellectuals. The second part is much harder to see because of the inevitability of his failure. Like the recent Valkyrie - being a good movie - it was an exercise to observe a heroic defeat, so I felt the same in the second part of Che (Guerilla). We know at the beginning that he dies, we know he fails. This is frustrating because the way history is told is quite clear that the outbreak of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed to failure; Che is considered a foreign intruder and does not connect with indigenous peoples in the way he did with the Cubans. Stubbornly persists, which is frustrating, because I felt that he should have known when to give up and go to other, perhaps more successful, enterprises. The film does not please him very much. He kills people, performs executions, struggles with his asthma and follows a lost matter long after he should give up and go on, leaving his wife alone raising five children without a father. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent exercise in classic movie making. One note; when I watched the trained American Bolivian soldiers move en masse to Che and his small group of warriors, it reminded me of the final of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said it, but hesitated, thinking he would find such trivial thoughts and out of place. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said, "Do not you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
