Many of the reviews I have read show that most people like the first part better than the second part. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a bit much, trying to find different ways to show the personality of Che Guevara through different types of films, different locations and the cut between the conversation and the Cuban revolution. Mostly it was meticulous but a bit distracting. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia, and as the geographical location changes, rules and structure change. Spatial spikes and switching between stocks, "documentary realism" and treaties have disappeared. Instead, we are now literally trapped in Che in an desaturated, desolate landscape where the only existing people are burdened too far with their lives to survive to be an option. I assume that this is a dark breakthrough in Che's life, which is the real reason most people prefer the first to the second part. <br /> <br /> Changing the geographical location also means, at least for me, that Che: Part One and Che: The second part is actually the second two acts of the three acts structure initiated by Motorcycle Diaries. Motorcycle diaries are the age of Che (or rather the arrival of ideals) in Argentina, Che: the first part is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: the second part is his demise in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we lack his experience in Guatamala and, more importantly, his executions after the Cuban revolution), but they create a very detailed discovery of the controversial aspects of his character and nature. symbol all over the world. Both symbolize idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failures in third world countries after World War II and their obstruction by activities such as meddling with the CIA. <br /> <br /> once again everything is displayed on the screen in this case, not in long scenes of dialogues and speeches, but through a much more intimate, suffering portrait of Che at the end of his story and his life. Again, the rules have changed and in this case it is difficult to say whether there was any chance of success at all. The number of cases in which the camera shows people literally trapped between rock and a difficult place and desaturation, trembling long shots, engages audiences in the narration of people trapped in a hostile landscape, existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs end up at the second level of desperation hunted to death people . Watching a movie is not so easy, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
