Directly from the place where he left the story in the first part, the other half, which tells of the inevitable fall and much more bleak side of the man's legacy, is exactly the same. In contrast to the first trait, the second part presents the shift from Che pride and glory of the revolutionized country to the fighting liberator from Che, a country to which no previous ties exist. Changing the setting is not only aesthetic; from autumn and spring, gray forests change the tone and heart of this function, replacing the optimism of the predecessor with a cynical, battered and bruised reality adapted to the new struggle. However, when Che continued, it is best to say the same fight as fighting. While the first part certainly helped to document the initial surge of power that the revolutionary partisan acquired in this way, the second part occupies a much more refined, soulless and grim segment of Che's life and ambition and gives it a firm picture that is both poignant and tragic in a tangible way, easy to grasp. <br /> <br /> Although the tone of the film in some respects goes away and differs quite drastically from the first part, it still remains the same documented approach that was made a month ago, which avoids melodrama and as much production as possible. This somewhat distant, cold approach to telling a story and fighting Che will definitely turn off some viewers; indeed, I am still reserved, whether the function itself should be named after one man, if at all, the whole of Che, taken as a whole, provides a story that goes beyond mere biography and instead documents the fight of the human next to those who helped bring go on the way. Soderbergh is in no way trying to paint a humanistic portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang a half decade ago (forgive the ironic contrast); Che is a slow, restrained and meditative approach to telling a history lesson that happens to be told by the only man who probably did the whole thing. <br /> <br /> However, moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating to the dismal, disintegrating scenery of Bolivia in the second part, history inevitably acquires a contrasting tone, which is not too chaotic in relation to its predecessor, but does a lot to give it its own reference points. Here the basic structure of Part One is repeated for the first time: there is an initial battle, battles, fallen comrades and recruitment of those who replace them, all the time we see glimpses of a man behind the movement. However, like everyone who has the slightest idea of ​​the real story behind this function, he will know that the second part is to end up with a much more disappointing and disturbing note. This difference, combined with similarities to Part One, is an attractive and unforgettable whole; in all ways, both can be digested as one's own (and right for Soderbergh to achieve such a state) and enjoy what they are, but treated as one statement, Che delivers exactly what it intends to achieve. <br /> <br /> Indeed, everything that made the first part, it was a month before, is obvious here, from subtle but engaging performances from the central cast to slow building, realistically structured battle scenes - the drama associated with the characters on the screen it's just as vague and imperceptible, but thanks to such a function, the second part proves once again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily damage the film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to engage the viewer. In fact, when writing this review, I had doubts about whether I would simply add a paragraph or two to my first review in the first part, and the title of the review as a whole, but I felt that this only serves to disappoint those who can sit down to watch both movies in sequence. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I can not rightly decide whether Che will meet the audience's engagement for a four-hour plus runtime, but after seeing both segments I can at least confirm the ability of each part to do it. Thanks to the reflective, complicated scenario combined with the endless hypnotizing photography and various representations that justice the heroes of the film without paying attention, Che Part Two is as attractive and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic, but uplifting, confirming the application matching the historical pages of the film. <br /> <br /> - Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
