Part two raises ... not where the last movie ended. As part of Steven Soderbergh's 4+ quasi-conventional epic event, Che's two stories are narrated as classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios. In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving the position of a bureaucrat in Cuba and after an unsuccessful attempt in Congo (just mentioned in the film), goes to Bolivia to try to start another jungle-style revolution. Things are not going so well, probably because of Che's famous communist and revolutionary attitude, and partly because of America's involvement in the Bolivian government and, of course, that Castro was not really around as support for Che. <br /> <br /> At the moment the second part of Che is sadder, but in some ways smarter than the first part. This makes sense, because Guevara must endure low morale on the part of his people, betrayal of people around him, constant murmuring of murmurs and nearby peasants, and ultimately closing, larger military forces. But it's sadder that Guevara will not give up, no matter what. This can be considered an incredible strength or a fatal flaw - perhaps both - but it is also clear how Che begins to look if not completely rounded, and then as something more likeable. It is true that he killed, lost and felt justified all the way. And yet it begins to act on the viewer in the sense of the original level of pity; the sequence in which Guevara's health deteriorates without medicine, leading to a shocking stabbing horse, is one of the most memorable and rewarding movies this year. <br /> <br /> Again, Soderbergh's command is strong, if sometimes a bit slow (understandable due to the high working time), and one or two scenes are just totally strange (Matt Damon?), but these are minor obligations . Going this time for an approach to a simple color camera, it's almost like a militia war image, told with great concern for men in the group, as well as Guevara as the Lord over this group and how things are getting smaller in the final scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every rhythm knows this guy so well - for better and for worse - that he is approaching the performance as possible. In general, two parts of Che make up an impressive package: history as a drama in a fascinating style, good for the public, even if they do not know Che or, better, if they do not think about it too high. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
