Ironically, the most popular American film at the New York Film Festival in 2008 is 98% in Spanish. The controversy of a very long film began at the Cannes festival. There have been reports of love and hatred and serious doubts about the trade prospects. As a consolation, the star Benicio Del Toro won the Best Actor award there. Of course, I'm talking about "Che" Steven Soderbergh. This is what is called in this version, shown in New York in Cannes in two 2-hour segments without opening title or end points. "Che" is certainly appropriate, because Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, writhing reliably through thick and thin, from the days of a great victory partly from one to several months of humiliating defeat in the second part, attractive and sympathetic in all its various manifestations, even disguised as a bald, graying man who sneaks into Bolivia. It's great performance; someone would like to have a better setting. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for more than four hours, with a break between two sections, there are rewards. The whole is authentic - fortunately, Soderbergh decided to make a film in Spanish (although some actors, oddly, especially in English segments, are wooden). You get a good outline of what guerrilla warfare, Che's style like teaching, campesinos recruitment, morality, discipline, hardship and struggle looked like - as well as gradual Che transformations from a family doctor into a full-fledged military commander. The use of a new 35-pound, high-quality, 35-mm RED digital camera that just became available during filming enabled DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce images that are a bit cold, but sometimes they still sing, and are always sharp and liquid. <br /> <br /> The film consists of two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "movies", and the plan is their commercial release. The first is the "Argentinean" depicting Che's leadership in the jungle and urban fights that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is "Guerrilla" and concerns Che's failed effort almost ten years later in Bolivia. revolution, a fruitful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was to be the original film and was written first and, I think, the first one. Producer Laura Bickford says that the second part is more of a thriller, while the first part is an action movie with large battle scenes. Yes, but both parts have a lot in common - too much - because they both spend much of their time on following the guerrillas through a rough country. The partisans were adamant because Bolivia's rebellion was doomed from the beginning. A group of Cubans who tried to lead him did not receive a friendly reception from the Bolivian campesins who suspected foreigners and considered the Cuban communists to be ungodly rapists. It is the third part, a kind of solemn black and white interval consisting of Che's speech to the United Nations in 1964. And interviews with him at the time, but it is combined in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is much more optimistic, which leads to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the collapse of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During "Guerilla" I was wondering how it could actually act as a quality European-style miniseries that could start with a shortened version of "Motorcycle Diaries" by Walter Salles and take us to a fatal meeting between Guevara and Fidel in Of Mexico and enlist in the 26th July Movement. His extensive travels and diplomatic missions can have much more. This is far from the full picture of a man, his interests in chess as a child, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international fame is touched. And what about his raw, cruel side? Truly what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that 4 + hour's vacation is through forests and jungles with wounded and sick men and women and idealistic devotion to ending the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned the reminder of Terrence Malick's The Tin Red Line, and yes, the meandering, episodic approach to the battle is similar; but "The Thin Red Line" has stronger characters (almost no one emerges strongly outside of Che) and it is a really good movie. It is an impressive, but unfinished and terrible effort. <br /> <br /> This 8-year-old, intensely studied love job (how much else does the Ocean have to pay?) It's a vanity project, too long for a regular movie release and too short for a miniseries. A radical edition - or a serious expansion - would make it something more successful, and because it is a long slog, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It is clear that this slogan could have been cut down, although it is not clear what form the film would take, but with luck it could be quite good.
