Thoroughly avoiding everything from the coup d'état in Cuba to his secret entry into Bolivia, the second part of S Chetue depicting the hero of Soderbergh is a tragic hero. How about Che? Part one, this rather chaotic escapade of guerrilla warfare through the colorful mountains of Bolivia will probably be aimed at disappointing more people than it catches, so why the film (and especially the performance of Benicio Del Toro) was so loudly praised in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi, for example, called it a work of art that "is not just a revolutionary history," but a "revolution in itself." Peter Bradshaw from The Guardian called it a "defective masterpiece." I'm going back to my original competition for the first part? that the value lies particularly in the presentation of the hero's character. In an era in which there are too many poor heroes-heroes, would not it be salutary to see someone very honorable, even if he was deprived of some captivating episodes from his life? This is a psychological hero written by the great Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle in his landmark book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imagined (or somewhere in between). But we should really inspire us for higher goals, a higher purpose. Compare this with the unrealistic "heroes" of the standard Western story: where the person undergoes trials and torments before getting a barely credible reward? usually eternal love or material wealth? as if by divine intervention of the studio. Real heroes have an excess of moral courage? not Lost Ark dare-devilishness or James Bond's super-toys. They rise and strengthen others to rise to be the best they can be. In the first part, Che is successful. In the second part it fails. Not because of lack of moral courage, but because a) not all good plans can succeed and b) be human, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> The intellectual clarity of Guevara is flawed when it equates the conditions justifying armed struggle with the conditions that make the armed struggle possible. This is a serious mistake. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz colors are breathtaking. In Che - Part One, the authenticity of authentic scenery was lacking (the US would not let Soderbergh film in Cuba). Visual treats are enhanced by maximizing natural light and the exceptional flexibility and realism offered with groundbreaking RED CAMERA. It is a high-performance digital camera with 35mm film quality and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 kg. "Photographing with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees the way I see ... so organic, beautifully suited to this most natural phenomenon? Light. " If Che were to stop a successful Cuban revolution, he would have surrounded it with almost mystical invincibility. The fact that he fails in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations, but that his moral virtues are remembered, not a political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve dictatorships in pots. His development of the guerrilla tactics is not good or bad in itself (and has been used for both since). <br /> <br /> However, because of their dignity, praise and narrativity are often lacking. We stumble from one escapade to the other, knowing that he will finally meet his death. I glanced at my watch and thought it might be shorter. But the work that came into it? interviews with people from all sides, or even persuade one of Guevara's former comrades to train actors in the details of the Bolivian operations? make a movie a praiseworthy achievement. Maybe it's not entertainment at the highest level, but it shows integrity in documenting a significant part of the story. <br /> <br /> There is another very important point in the form of Che's "hero" here. It's about failure. That if you try with all your might, even if you fail, your effort will not go to waste, because it can give others hope and moral courage. You can cynically call it a complex "martyr," and of course you can also find it in many religious figures. But Che does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, as best he can, regardless of his flawlessness, and is an example. Success or failure in any particular case becomes only details. <br /> <br /> Because of the long-term and illegal blockade of Cuba in the US (all in the name of "freedom"), I am tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted in the United States . But that would be an invitation to the competition, which the film tried to avoid so much. It is to be hoped that many viewers will have the ability to look at Che without the policies and prejudices that inevitably give birth. Regardless of his faults, he rehabilitates Soderbergh from populist nonsense about Ocean 11. <br /> <br /> But if you have not heard of Che Guevara or have seen Part One, or if you can not miss the sentence "murderous Marxist" without the foam in your mouth , I could hardly imagine what you will get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have and can.
