Now, admittedly, I am not a hot student of the genre. In fact, I've always tried to avoid westerns because despite all their critical attitude as America's primary stories (or anything else), it seems to me that they will forever go into tiring retready or "shooting at Injuns," "big shooting", or " Hey, let's create a pose! "In other words, it always seemed to me that it was a genre so rooted and connected with the convention that it left a valuable place for surprise or originality. (And yes, I have seen at least some of the so-called "great" and unknowingly throw them into this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Beloved Clementine and of course the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone in the 1960s .) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on television - as part of Jimmy Stewart's commemorative weekend after his death - I finally made it: I understood, at least in theory, what Western myths have to offer as serious thematic preoccupation (except ordinary actions and emotions). It is the pushing between lawlessness and order; The American West represented freedom, but also the perspective of a wild, unbridled. Respected people can hurt themselves there. Which of course meant that perhaps - perhaps - it was not meant for respectable people, and the only inhabitants should be amoral and changeable, those who justly gave justice out of the barrel of their revolvers and where they would kill or die always will be the law of the earth. In such an environment, of course, the real heroes are those who are arable and slow enough to be there in the first place (and therefore reject "society", at least as it appeared on the east coast), yet they have enough sense justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is NOT RIGHT. Grabbing and examining this difference between law and disorder In the MAIN CHARACTER is, I think (after watching this movie), the highest and truest goal of every West. Unfortunately, this is often not the case, because white hats are completely white, black completely black (and do not even start talking about Indians, ok), and between them there are precious small shades of gray. /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a glaring bounty hunter who follows the miners in front of him into the Alaska desert, searching for gold. He is joined by his longtime friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the form of a western film to finish them all - but nevertheless pleasant here, as always) - and no one else. They point out that they are for themselves and while Stewart shows his patented charm (well, we could never really dislike this guy, now we can?), We are left with no doubt that he is essentially self-centered, self-interested character: none of his humanisms "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" can not pass. Or rather, you have to EARN it at the end of the picture, as described above. He must face lawlessness and weigh it on the need for order and justice, which is so abnormally lacking in a border town that serves as a starting point for miners on the golden dust trail. This city is ruled by the evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best performances of "bad guys" I've ever seen. He enters with such grace and sense of humor and has such a relaxed and interesting contact with Stewart that it really takes some time to recognize that * is * a bad guy - so that when he collapses, he does it with double strength. In addition, by establishing a kind of ventilated (if necessarily guarded) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the film shows how much they are temperamental - and how far the moral distance Stewart has to overcome at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the twists and turns that are happening on the story - see them for yourself (as well as the harsh and wonderful scenery in Alaska - filmed on the spot, remember, not cheap painted stills that the studio consists of) . The key here is how much this story focuses on the character, with great dialogue and interaction of the character replacing the shooting most of the time - although the movie has enough action and adventure to prevent its static (read: "talky"). Definitely one of the greatest performances I saw from Stewart, showing that he can play a renegade, a "man", just as convincingly as a decent and upright guy from the neighborhood. In fact, his "everyman" features increase his character, making it seem less mythical or exaggerated - like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and a more three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well performed: understated, but still touching (with a slight suggestion from George and Lenny from "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different kind of "western"). <br /> <br /> certainly have more Westerns to see, but for now it is my favorite and measure, according to which I will necessarily evaluate all the others. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
