From the filmmakers who brought us The March of the Penguins, I think it came with many expectations on The Fox and the Child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush desert in France, the narrative is now part of the documentary and partly a tale of friendship between two titular characters, Renard the fox and his friendship with the child who was baptized, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is quite simple, and sometimes this movie would look like a lot of Japanese movies in which children-various animals hit friendship after developing trust and how they walk around them, dealing with appropriate opponents and the like. Here the child meets an elegant fox near his home in the mountains, which provides a lot of beautiful pictures with excellent postcards, which the cinematographer will have to go to the overdrive to capture. <br /> <br /> But when we stop in the wistful scenery, the heroes will not be able to establish a level of trust from the very beginning, and we have to wait a few seasons for the past and 45 minutes for the film before they find a leveler in the food. The child is persistently trying to establish a connection with the goal of taming the creature for his own entertainment, but the fox, like other concepts, of course. While I thought that this narrative is quite weak, in contrast to the Penguin March, which has a human narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what stood out here are the documentary elements of the film, tracking the life and times of the fox as a predator, and prey. <br /> <br /> Between these two, more tension and drama was given to the latter, especially when we deal with traditional enemies, such as wolves, and admitted that these sequences were quite intense, especially when the child was entangled. Otherwise, it was just sailing and quite boring, because they both played with each other, in the pictures you know, they have been edited the magic of the film. There were surprisingly dark moments in the film that were not very suitable for children, because those in the same room confirmed this, suddenly pulling out the eyes, so parents, it is worth paying attention to and not letting the child disturb the rest of the viewers. <br /> <br /> As a film, I would prefer this to be a complete document of The March of the Penguins, but I think that the way he was offended probably meant to warn us not to interfere in nature and that some things just do not have to be and they should stay like that. A decent film based on the power of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and many foxes that played Renard.
