THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by Frenchman Luc Jacquet from MARCH OF THE PENGUINS. The film, which boasts only one man in the cast, a young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of a fairly rare, though apparently reliable relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Part of the nature document, and partly fairy tale, the film focuses on the child of L'Infant, who one day on the way to school encounters the path of a wild fox in a picturesque scenery, perhaps in France, although the exact location never it is not mentioned. In the coming weeks, the child returns to the place where she found her fox with the hope that on one of the mentioned days she will see a fox who starts calling Lily again. That's how it goes. The days change into weeks, and then summer disappears, changing into autumn and then winter, promising great photos with a vast, white winter landscape. Finally spring appears again, and the little child finds his fox and actually makes friends with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I have had little or no expectation of THE FOX and THE CHILD. I saw MARY PAWINÓW and I was simply delighted with the film included in this film. Luc Jacquet is an extremely talented and genuinely rare filmmaker, and I was expecting great, breathtaking photos, vast views and great wildlife shots. This has been provided in spades. But here Jacquet has credit for the screen and, not knowing anything about the film before the screening, I expected something different from what was earlier in March. Fictional story. <br /> <br /> A child and a fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the wilderness and goes to school, seemingly alone, every day, seemingly without care in a seemingly perfect world. No adult trace in sight. Excellent. In this way, he makes friendship with a fox. <br /> <br /> In such a movie you have to reject your own opinion about the film and put yourself at the head of the target group. This is a film that is aimed directly at children aged, say, six years old. Or families who like to go to the cinema with their race on one wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who makes copies of such films as the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But, being a novice in London, I put myself in a situation of an excited eight-year-old girl for 95 minutes of FOX AND THE CHILD. Now I have some problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy and a loyal admirer of everything cinematic, I loved the photography of nature and landscape. It is visually stunning. The direction of the animal figures is superbly made - as good as any Attenborough effort. As a sensitive, short attention spanning eight years, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. This is somewhat repetitive, and in places quite shocking and bloody scary for a younger child, especially the dark ending. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little scared in some places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So this is not a movie for children. This is not an adult movie and I felt a little disappointed. Is a good family movie. It depends. Maybe it's educational, and the movie carries a message. It is definitely not a movie that I would pay for hard-earned greenery to see, and I'm trying to try to recommend it to a certain type of filmmaker. It's difficult, but I know that some will go to see and fall in love with this film. It is very European and for sure if you are a fan of wild nature related films, try it. Uncertain? Well, I would wait for a DVD on a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
