I really wanted to like this movie and I think I was not terribly disappointed. Being a history teacher in America, I almost felt obliged to watch this movie, and when it came to history, it was not bad. Sure there were a few mistakes here and there (especially in the case of the timeline - the movie seemed to last only a few months or maybe a year - not more than six years of actual combat), but the overall movie spirit and battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the ALSO film contained a rather pointless subjective theme, including the difficult to believe romance between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. In most cases, it really distracted from the entire story and seemed just "attached" - like a story device instead of a real affair honesty to goodness. In fact, because most of the romance boiled down to the foolish phrase of "love on the fist", it was a bit annoying, the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> However, despite this affair, the movie is really interesting and inspiring --- and in many ways it seems that much later film, THE PATRIOT, was copied from this movie Griffith !!! Both films have followed the exploits of the evil leader fighting for the British and using terrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both have a secret intention to use it as a "springboard" to start their own nation in America !!! The only significant difference is that this movie takes place in the north, and THE PATRIOT in Carolinas. It would be nice if Mel Gibson and the rest would acknowledge their debt to D. W. Griffith for their fictional ideas. It just does not seem so probable that these two stories were created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Despite the fact that I like this movie and other Griffith movies, he deserves it once again "burn in hell" for the fact that White actors portray all the black servants in the movie! It is a sick and bigot thing that Griffith did in many of his films - especially in the NATION OF THE NATION. I must assume on the basis of this and the way in which it introduces the Black people that it was OK with slavery and was quite apologetic for this "peculiar institution" (do not be upset with me - it IS understood as sarcasm).
