In 1930, Europe was shocked when "L'Age Dor" by Luis Bunuel was released, causing a riot in Paris, when he was shown there, and as a result was banned for over forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe was shocked, she was once again drawn to "Ekstase", a symphony of (kind of) love. The film features a young, unknown German actress Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed her name to Hedy Lamarr, when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, as Eva, a young bride who has just married cold, distant without love husband (played by Emil Jerman) to discover that she made a serious mistake. One divorce later, Eva is free and she feels like she is one day, a skinny dipping in the lake, when she discovers Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Ariberta Mog) who has a real taste for her (and she, he). After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband appears once again, hoping to regain Eve, but discovered he now has a rival. I will not spoil what will happen. Czech director Gustav Machaty (who directed the original screen version of "Madam X", another parable in a romantic obsession) is directed by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. Velvet photos (reminiscent of an avant-garde photographer, photos from the Man Ray era, which refer to the impressionistic use of light and shadow) by Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich). The animated edition of the film is the work of Antonin Zelenka, and the direction of the filmmaking, which looks like a lush, almost Art Deco style, is by Bohumil Hes.) If I have any quirk about this movie, it is the musical result of Giuseppe Becce, who seems overly melodramatic and is rapidly aging (some topics are repeated many times, and is welcome, fast --- a bit like some of David Lean about the use of certain musical themes, especially in "Lawrence Of Arabia" and "Dr.Zhivago"). A few years ago, a completely new restored print consisted of the best source material, paved with various European prints available, restoring it to the probably closest version of what it originally looked before the Vatican condemned it as "decadent" (yes, true ... just like The Church has never done anything wrong), and Hayes's office cut them into ribbons, when in 1936 it was finally issued in the USA, in the approved cut "Hayes Office" (similarly). The minimal dialog in German with English subtitles (it was supposed to be mainly visual experience). It is not rated, but it contains the infamous naked skinny stage of immersion by Hedy Lamarr (made with taste, remember this) and some suggestions on sexual content (similarly), which these days rarely earn the rating of PG-13. It's worth taking a look if you're interested in early European cinema or Avant Garde / Experimental cinema
