I can not comment on this video without discussing its meaning in person. As a child, poor health made it impossible for me to go to the cinema. For the first time I came across movies at the end of World War II thanks to the excellent book of Roger Manvilles "Penguin" "Film" that made me so happy that my health began to improve, and I would like to be able to buy another copy to read again today. My introduction to many classic films, such as Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (wonderful Grierson's document), Metropolis, Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and Ecstasy; first place in this book and later in my university cinema. Ecstasy suffered the wrath of the Vatican, approving of Eva's defection in Emil, her later divorce and short swim, which she accepted, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial matters and discussed the film as a triumphant, exceptionally beautiful, visual pean love - the sight of echoes of many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I gladly agreed. No additional opportunity to see Ecstasy appeared only after the introduction of home movies - until that time it became a valuable memory that could not be disturbed. Recently I finally added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found the evaluation very superficial. Ecstasy is more than a parable of the continuity of human existence, for which individual lives are irrelevant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw called his "life force" in his aggressive writings. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy presents a young bride marrying a middle-aged man whose sex drive is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and divorces him. Soon after that, he experiences a strong mutual interest in the young male man he meets while riding a horse. He loves for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband can not face the rejection and gives the young man an elevator in his car, intending that the passing train will kill them both at the level crossings. But the train stops in time, and the seemingly ill driver takes to return to a nearby hotel, where he later commits suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting climacteric sequences, the bland, predictable and almost inevitable ending emphasizes that while a single human life manifests both joy and tragedy, life continues to carry us all in its stream and only through the contribution to this stream can we really be happy. This story is banal, the action is enough; and normally such a movie would disappear in garbage, like most of today's, a long time ago. What gave Ecstasy its classic status is unique cinematography, continuous lyric recording and a very cautious direction of love, combined with something accidental, but very important in cinematographic terms - it appeared just after the introduction of the sound and was probably designed as a silent movie. It is subtitled, and its director used the influence of short verbal sequences accompanying some of the subtitles and from time to time he breaks into the score, which leads the film so beautifully. This makes watching not only almost unique, but also extremely satisfying. The parable in the story is emphasized in a continuous way, but so subtle that only when you think about it after watching it becomes fully aware of it. For example names - Eva and Adam; obsessive behavior of Emil on his wedding night, which shows that triviata has become the most important thing in his life and predict his possible suicide because he has no proper purpose to sustain him; a series of beautiful sequences showing erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key entering the lock, a bursting necklace during the virginal sequence of loving Eva with Adam, etc.); and recent post-suicide sequences that may have been filmed in many different ways, but serve to emphasize the importance of performing by people of some kind of work that positively affects society, as well as the creation of new life, to keep this society after us pass on. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 movie, I would rate it as 9 - even comparing it to contemporary works, I would not reduce it below 8. For me, the movie will always be a "must" (though I may feel that my comments above point to some prejudices in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, contemporary assessments of this film were distorted by the extreme reaction of the thirties to the very short and relatively unimportant naked scene of Hedy Kiesler, who had difficulties with life in Hollywood (some critics who apparently did not see such classic films as the Hippocrites, Hula, Back to God Country, Bird of Paradise, or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille mistakenly describe this as the first appearance of a nude actress in a feature film, probably part of the original novel, and the film would be very different if the director decided to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two further thoughts: firstly, it's a Czech movie that appeared there in 1933. Its final message about hard work generating positive benefits for society must have seemed very superficial for viewers when a few years later their country became the first a victim of Nazi oppression and was practically destroyed for at least two generations (I do not remember that these sequences were displayed just after the war, when I first saw the movie - were they removed from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, my main message today is that things about true beauty are often very transient, although their memory can stay with them for life. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured in the camera and displayed again in our convenience.
