First of all, let's take the "hoopla" out of the way. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women, and the films were a great medium for many to see her beauty on the screen. - a 20-year-old girl in her native Austrian language. I recently bought a unmentioned version from 1932/3 from 1990. Yes, we can see Hedy's short approach from the waist up, but she still recorded nude scenes of swimming and running away. director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of branches, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show her in this way on this famous stage; so do not imagine that there are any lewd close ups or clinics. Her boyfriend Pierre Nay dresses all the time. Yes, quite daring for your day, but how innocent it looks now in 2003. <br /> <br /> As other scholars have stated, this film should be viewed from the point of view of imaginations, expressionism and allegorical statements, which makes photos of water drops form a wave on the surface of pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes etc. Sweet sounding strings run for most of the "Extase" length, and the film "feels" the transition between silent and sonic in its direction and concept. The script is very minimalist and economical, and the story is transmitted mainly through faces and carnal gestures with just a few words of German spoken by actors with English subtitles underneath. Even these few words seem almost superphallic in the general lyric that runs through the movie. <br /> <br /> It's just the story of a young girl marrying a much older man (why have we never been told and what Eva saw in him at all? Money?), which is then trapped in an unused and unloved marriage. Then he returns to his father, who left his husband, and his father is to lie to his son-in-law. After riding a horse, Eva decides to swim in a maniac and loads his clothes on the horse's saddle. However, her horse receives romantic images and gallops to greet her stablemate.Hedy rushes from the lake naked and tries to regain her mount, but the engineer at work sees and regains his horse, and then looks around for his owner. And that's how romance is born. Her husband, seeing that his rival must win Eva, later decides to shoot but I thought it was rather illogical and his main weakness, considering his previous relationship without love with Eva. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the title of VHS in the 1990 reissue was 70 years old, it is slightly soft and with a crash in the background, according to films from his age, the period of mourning our handsome boy is obviously so in love with Eva that she imagines her as a mother with an infant, so we must assume that they live happily ever after. Let the imagination wash you and deprive your mind of movie style. It is a lyric song that can be used for your own good, not just because of the eye-catching title. I gave him 7/10.
