I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this film - and I could understand how some people can completely hate it (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people do not run away from the theater). After the first look, I'm not sure if I could fall into any of these categories, but as someone who can not get enough of Kafka and bizarre dark comedies about paranoia. Tenant is effective enough for his time. Or maybe not - it's one of those cases where it could have been more of a masterpiece if it was a half-hour episode of Twilight Zone, with Serling delivering the code as Terkovsky (or whoever it may be (?)) Writhing in his bed in bandages. This is very similar in treating the condemned hero as disgust, however, it can be argued that there was more ambiguity, more sense of surrealist recovery from permanent disintegration of character and location (and honestly, better lead) than the tenant. <br /> <br /> At this moment, the Lessee has an intriguing premise, one that one will not get tired of telling other people: Polański is a Polish emigrant to Paris, who is taking over the apartment which was recently taken over by Simone Choule, who jumped into her near death from the window and soon after she died. But other tenants are cautious about the noise; after a Saturday night at Terkovsky, with some friends, they complain about too much noise. This will not happen again, says the good-natured, but somewhat nervous tenant of Polański, but there is no peace even in moving the cabinet or chair. Soon complaints are registered against another tenant, but from him? Can he register complaints? This is the case, not so much of the wrong identity as the lack of peace of mind with yourself and the surrounding people. With the fall of the spiral, Polanski intensifies the tension (and, I dare say, laughter of black comedies), showing Terkowski in a terrible dream - one of Polanski's strongest scenes from this period - and finding teeth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom on the other side (what I can add, it is always a cinematic lynch of horror and surrealistic madness). <br /> <br /> But in some way the movie never really seems so significant aside from its excessive design as a machine with a failed mind, with Terkowski's tenants, which do not seem to be what they look like for a while : there is not so much tension when he learns that they really do not want to get what makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice, I also thought why Polanski took on the title role? It is not that he is a bad actor at all, but has appeared in several films and plays that are not his direction. But besides being great in looking awkward and tense, like in a church, or in the moments when he thinks he really wants to kill him, his transformation is less frightening than a slap, trying himself to see if he can do it, what it does not do completely. Although Polański worked well to look like meek and dazed Terkowski, I could see at least a few other actors who could pull him away more subtly and affect the personality. By the time you see him in draft, he passes between a disgusting and real camp, especially when he goes to double climax at the end (which of course is not much of a surprise). <br /> <br /> And yet it's a pleasure for fans of the film and Polański's fans to see how the supporting cast tries to delve into more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do it best, even if they have to overload themselves with limited characters) and unexpected moments such as Polanski and Adjani, which become hot and heavy during Bruce Lee's film, or when he gets really drunk or in some almost accidental scene in which he pats the child at the fountain, are in themselves brilliant. It's a very good movie that can catch my attention when we take in a lot of coffee after midnight. But the necessary movie? Not exactly.
