I'm sure everyone who saw this movie will agree that it is very scary. Other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also frightening, but they are different in what makes them scary, but all roughly do the same, all deal with the mind. Definitely staring people are very frightening, each of them sent me shivers, which meant that I could not sit still. Again, if you have seen the other two mentioned films, I am sure you will find this quite frightening, because you will start to expect the typical features of Polanski, which you think have been caught, he is aware and will continue to tease you with simple things, personally each time when Trelkovsky was slowly turning around, I would be ready to jump, maybe it was just me, but I felt that I was going to do it, although it was quite subtle, there was no music in them. moments. <br /> <br /> Acting in it was quite good, mainly because of course from Polański, other characters in the film do not have that much time to outshine the lead. Polanski really proves that he is a versatile great filmmaker, he is not only able to direct and write great films, but also can work. I do not think there is any other better person who could break away from the hero of Trelkovski, Polański perfectly settled down. I like watching movies in which the director is also beyond the main cast, for me it really emphasizes their fantastic versatility and talent that I respect. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, financed by Americans, and also to make it a more commercial success, it was performed mainly in English. There are fragments that are very obvious that it dubs, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 of the time the dub is in, gets a complete wrong person to make a dub. There are women in the film who, when he says, it's obvious that it's a dub, but they have the most annoying person who makes a voice, it hurts me seriously when I hear her say she had the loudest high note I've heard for some time, it seemed to me that she is false, but I do not know what it was about, she had a rather small character. I would honestly prefer that they just leave it, as it was filmed, fragments in French and its parts in English, because the dubbing in this movie was a pain and was not close (two completely different films, I know) high standard of another movie that he did a similar thing as "Good, bad and ugly." I realize that this is not a big problem, but when you realize it, it gets annoying, but I'm sure you will not sit there for a long time trying to hear what they are saying, regardless of whether you speak French. /> <br /> What's so great about Polanski that it lets you think you know him, that you know his style, which you do in some aspects, but you do not really see what's behind that corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two mentioned films, which in my opinion particularly strengthen this film. Personally, I think that this is the best of these three, I'm not sure what will happen later, but everyone is relatively close to the level of their size. The end is fantastic, it's so easy to relax on it for a long time to not get anywhere. I decide not to think too much about it, only to have my personal opinion and leave it. <br /> <br /> I went further and did not give any insight into what makes this movie so great, I do not think so I will do it here quickly. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee that you will enjoy this movie at least. For those who are too unhappy to have seen, I recommend checking this video if you are looking for something that is quite a scary movie that is quite intelligent, especially the end, and if you are looking for something that concerns the mind, even paranoia, though it fits better under repugnance.
