Here's an example of a movie that was not well received when it was made, but whose item seems to be picking up on time. "Tenant" is quite an interesting work by Polanski, one of the first in his exile in Europe. The action takes place in Paris, and the city, its streets, the Seine, and especially the building in which the action takes place, play an important role in many other movies in exile. Polański simply chooses his main character not to be an American (as in "Frantic", for example), but to be Polish as he was when he traveled to the West. In this movie there are many personal comments that must have been a crisis in the director's life, and the fact that he decided to play the main role (and he does it masterfully) can also be seen as part of the kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> In a sense, this is a round story. A hero named Trelkovsky rents a flat in an old Parisian building, inhabited by what seems to be the first team of bad, old or just ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the apartment window, and Trelkovsky has time to visit her in the hospital before dying and meeting her young and beautiful friend Stella (spectacular Isabelle Adjani in her first role after "L'histoire d'Adele H" "Truffauta. Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, a conspiracy to make him mad or force him into the life and role of the deceased girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends up entering the circle and slowly becoming a circle. <br /> <br /> This is not the most reliable story we could see or hear, but the power of the film is not in history, but in the details of psychology, in the slow degradation of the protagonist's mental state, in a constant game of balance between reality and delusion. To a certain extent what counts is not what happens on the screen, but how it happens, resemble c classic "Knife in the water" made over a decade earlier, towards the end of the Polish period of Polański. There are many details that are never explained, but this is what mysterious movies have to look like, and that's how life is sometimes. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly pollutes the viewer. Unfortunately, some graphic details in the last part of the film are not very well made, and dialogues spoken in English (the film was written in English) almost neutralized the general atmosphere. However, waiting for the final stage of the punch is very much worth the effort. <br /> <br /> This is not the best film made by Polański, but it has many good parts, shows the director's hand and style and was a significant step in building his career.
