After the classic film, noir homage Chinatown, Roman Polański returned to the themes that gave him the greatest hits in the 1960s with this terrifying psychological horror, which, like Repellent and Rosemary's Baby, deals with paranoia and claustrophobia generated by the flat. > <br /> Clustophobic environments are the ones that Polański creates best, and this must be the most stifling and limited picture he has ever created. The emphasis on side walls and distant fade points is larger than ever, and even in a small number of outdoor scenes, the sky is rarely visible. But Tenant is not limited only spatially, but also the intensity with which he concentrates on his hero. Trelkovsky, played by Polański himself, is not only in every scene, it is practically in every shot. When it is not on the screen, the camera becomes Trelkowski's point of view more often than the camera. And of course, almost everywhere he looks, he sees his own reflection staring at him in the mirror. <br /> <br /> I can not come up with any film that would be more about the internalization and loneliness of one character. Some psychological thrillers, such as M or Peeping Tom, force us to sympathize with a mentally ill hero. Others, like Psycho, try to deepen the scientific analysis of his mental state. The tenant does not fit into any of these categories? he simply immerses us completely in Trelkovsky's experience, without requiring us to understand or appreciate what is happening in his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession, although he still reveals to us that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polański was also the master of a slowly developing horror movie. Often, in their horrors, there is vague, if something sinister is happening, but they are one of the most effective in intimidation of the audience. Why? Precisely because they develop so slowly and devote so much time to the tedious positioning of the situation that they immerse the viewer in paranoia. Much later Polański's horror, The Ninth Gate is a bit of a mess, but at least he manages to achieve this creeping sense of fear. <br /> <br /> This is a rare opportunity to see Polański himself in the main role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as it was for him, and he is absolutely perfect as a quiet Trelkovsky. Another noteworthy performance is too often overlooked Shelley Winters as a concierge. In fact, it is a rather stellar cast, though many well-known faces do not fit into this strange, gothic European film. Unfortunately, many French actors in the supporting roles are terribly called in the English language version. <br /> <br /> The tenant is more polished and less pretentious than Repulsive, but he lacks the tension and character that makes Rosemary's Baby so addictive and fun. Tenant is good, with no major flaws, and Polański was really on top as a director, but he is not one of his most thrilling works.
