Westerny Anthony Mann with Jimmy Stewart is slowly gaining the position of John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best director in this genre. He sure knows how to give a nice guy Stewart the dimension - in Mann's films is the advantage of Jimmy, which he slowly shows to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73 it was Stewart's relationship with his brother and how he turned him into revenge. This is the attitude of "I trust only myself", which leads to one complication after another. Even before the movie actually starts (as Jeff Webster), he kills two of his hired cowboys, who because of some dispute helped to ride cattle to Seattle (we never know - they wanted to leave the cattle or they tried to steal cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his game in Skagway, the port he must reach to take his pack to Dawson. The head of Skagway is a so-called lawyer named Gannon (John McIntyre), who resembles one of Skagway's true bosses in "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would be as restrained as Gannon, turning every opportunity into a chance to make money. Stewart's herd was interrupted by a public suspension - so (as a financial penalty) the herd is confiscated (for later sale for Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is Ben's partner (Walter Brennan - who quite oddly won his last Oscar as judge Roy Bean). They are joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen), two women, the sophisticated Rhonda castle (Ruth Roman) and friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but earlier he helped Jeff escape from the Seattle authorities. However, he has a similar attitude of "I trust only myself" to Jeff. She offers him employment to get supplies for Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (while others are asleep) they come back and steal cattle. Renee follows them and warns them that Gannon and his companions follow him. Jeff stops Gannon long enough for the herd of cattle to be transported across the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that if Jeff has to get back through Skagway, Gannon can wait for him to suspend him. <br /> <br /> The united party of Rhonda and Jeff shared the trail to take Dawson and Jeff to a longer and safer route. After proving that they are right, they go his way and reach Dawson just to discover that there is an element of lawlessness threatening the community because of the golden fields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee are starting to search. Soon there will be two groups in the city of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But Mounties will not be stationing in Dawson for months. The other, focused on Rhonda's "dancehall", is in cahoots with Gannon, who has a huge claim regime using his gang of gunslingers (Robert J. Wilke - really frightening in one sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to steer clear of both, and his head with new wealth and Ben on the ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are elegant here, including Stewart as a man who wants to face all strangers, but otherwise he would be calm enough. Brennan plays one of his patented old coders whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flippen is a drunkard at first, but tragedy and responsibility make him feel better - and the one who has the chance to verbally stab Stewart in the heart, using Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre will reach fame on television at WAGON TRAIN replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his skills as a black character (such as his opportunistic merchant who will outsmart himself in WINCHESTER73). It is, as said elsewhere in this thread, really poor - but it has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunists and people whose fate depends on her better feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and the border of "Gigi", aware that she is more than a young girl, but a novice woman. <br /> <br /> The best of all is the origin of the Canadian Rockies - so wonderful in its own way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann certainly did his first work by directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
