This is mainly the story of the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda's castle (Ruth Roman). She immediately liked Jeff in a brief encounter aboard a Skagway steamer and a longer look as he hides in her cabin while the authorities look for him on suspicion of murder. They learn that they have something in common, apart from attractions for animals. Nor does he trust a member of the opposite sex, apparently because they were both married to the spouses who betrayed them. They are gradually learning to trust each other by traveling from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda clearly has close relations with the corrupt sheriff Gannon and engages in some suspicious practices in his Castle salon in Skagway. In the end, he must decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young naïve Frenchwoman, immediately liked Jeff, but instead gets insults. However, she stays with him during his journey from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. He and Ronda take care of him after he recovers after Jeff is left to die by Gannon's gunmen at his gold request. Walter Brennan, as Ben, serves as Jeff's longtime helper. It does not have a meaty role, but it serves to soften Jeff's hard edges. His fall symbolically opens the door for a woman replacing Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) makes probably the most charismatic boss of a bad city you'll ever see in the movie, exuding charm and humor to go along with his intimidation. Apparently, he sees something of himself in Jeff, repeating many times that he will like him. He is the credible incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway as one of the precursors of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the quintessence of an antihero, a loner (except for companion) Ben) who does not want to scold for others, even if he knows that he is the right man to work. In this respect, he resembles the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz". So Jeff not only rejects the work of Marshal Dawson, he is convinced to leave Dawson after the Gannon gang moves in with the clear intention of taking over the insufficiently legal gold claims by everyone, and at the same time gets rid of some miners and suggests that the rest will leave Dawson . Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff are hurriedly leaving Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff changes suddenly, apparently he still wants revenge for shooting Ben and himself. He changes from an antihero to a hero, directing the exile of Gannon's gang from Dawson. In this respect, it differs from the character of Lancaster, who never reforms (But has Jeff really changed, or just giving revenge for wrongs committed against his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see in the story they are two main women. Apparently, Ronda is prepared as the right woman to subdue Jeff. Although she is clearly characterized as an "evil" girl, Jeff has a troubled past, shooting at least 5 men in the United States or Yukon, and stole his cattle back from Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff changes from an antihero to a hero, Rhonda introduces a similar change in his escape to the street to warn Jeff about the impending Gannon ambush. As a result, he dies, and Jeff asks her why she simply did not pay attention to him (his allegedly simply abandoned credo!). <br /> <br /> It is clear that Corine Calvert, as Renee, simply does not make a credible substitute for the dead Ronda in Jeff's mind. However, the visible consequence of the breakup is that they meet, even if Jeff never gives her a kiss or a hug. Her image as a good, if naive, young woman is somewhat compromised by her work in the Rhondy salon, consisting in falling into miners burdening their gold dust, pushing spilled dust onto the floor and recovering it later. I'm also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who keeps track of her and works with her (she's not her father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateur service of the weapon fight between the Jeff and Gannon gang. If Gannon had any skill with a gun, he should have killed or seriously wounded Jeff in the pedestrian zone before Jeff would do the same. And how did the right-handed Jeff's right arm suddenly become good enough to shoot a gun with obvious ease? I'm also wondering what Jeff and friends did to help save the avalanche victims. They were far too far away to get them alive from under the snow. And why did most of Ronda's and mules' horses not be buried by an avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a lot of probably unnamed, but familiar faces among miners and Gannon's gang. The sequences shot in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking background action. All in all a very funny western, with the majority of the major defects concentrated at the end. Undoubtedly, this film has a lot of freedom in history and geography, especially in the Canadian Yukon, which in fact was significantly slanderous than American Skagway.
