EXTREMITIES is a disturbing but eye-catching version of William Mastriosimone's screen art (which adapted his own screen game) about a woman who is attacked one night in her car by a potential rapist on the way home and is terrified when she realizes that the man she has her purse and knows where she lives. After her roommates set out to work the next day, the guy appears in her home and tries to rape her. This story takes a surprising turn when at some point a woman turns away from a man and is able to defeat him; but when he realizes that a rape trial can not be proved and if the man is arrested, he will just get out, decides to keep him at home until he can tell. Far fetched? Maybe. Disturbing? Definitely, but in this movie there is a wonderfully claustrophobic feeling, especially in the middle of a woman and her assailant, that you can not help but feel part of what's going on. I have not seen the Broadway game, but I imagine that such a song works better on the stage, but that does not make the movie less engaging. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses for the role on Broadway, received the role of Marjorie in the film version and provides a tight and deeply moving performance as a victim who does not want to be a victim. Many critics have acknowledged Fawcetta's performance as monotonous, but for me, Marjorie is a woman totally numb through what she has lived and the performance works for me. James Russo, while performing his career, is slimy and menacing like a would-be rapist who thinks Marjorie is a much bigger challenge than he expected. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid cooperate with each other as roommates of Marjorie, who return home after Marjorie has overpowered the man and has him attached and stuffed in the fireplace upon arrival. And this is the arrival of roommates who take history to an unexpected level, because they did not see what we saw, what Marjorie went through, and that's why they think that she should call the police and let them deal with the guy. Not for people with a weak heart, but if you can stand it, it's a fascinating movie experience anchored by a lead that will surprise you.
