This review owes its existence only to review. We take a weekly television magazine to see what is happening and to decide what to see. Mandatory, there are short reviews of most films that will be shown on the five main terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, each film is given a rating of 1-5 stars. 5 means Do not miss (exceeds 4 for Excellent!), Up to 1 means Poor. We have learned from a huge experience that, with few exceptions, the stars are awarded for disgusting taste, disgusting language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and courage, and especially for killing a hero / heroine when everyone was supposed to live long after. (If it is not done, the film is vilified as "predictable" - the worst insult you can imagine!) <br /> <br /> The brave new girl received only 1 star, which suggests that he was a candidate worthy of our time and attention. This was confirmed by the film reviewer's description as "a really horrible tale" and "Stupid, just stupid". We watched it, and my wife and I were glad we did. The reviewer of the TV magazine also stated that the film "is not a modification of war and peace," with which we must agree. Reading the IMDb reviews on this title a day or two later, the desire to raise my pen (to say so) to add my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) to the uninitiated) has become overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Why did we get to this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, reliable relations between them, interesting situations, kindness and respect, good victory over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personality of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and two male professors involved in this story. And what if the story contains a "wicked witch from the west" in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), provided that she plays a role with a certain conviction. We appreciated the friendship presented between two roommates, one of whom had a financial upbringing in a difficult financial situation by a loving single mother, and the other had every material advantage, but received little time and parental feeling. Is it any wonder that Ditz felt like we had Holly? Is it strange that Grant should immediately get interested in Holly, given the way they first meet, Holly's dazzling smiles and her vivid self-ownership? I think these issues and events are credible enough, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic in order for the story to take place. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed with no significant musical background. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by the instruments and voices, without disturbing our critical abilities unnecessarily in our listening, thereby spoiling the experience. We enjoyed both classic songs and pop, which performed well on television and we were not surprised by the lack of talent. Besides, it did not matter that Holly's classic vocal was named by someone else. <br /> <br /> We were so happy that we were looking for a DVD. The average price delivered for the disc for the films in our collection is currently GBP 4,9484 (rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available from a trusted provider on the Amazon Marketplace for GBP 1,3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this number. Such a purchase would increase the average. Why should I relate that it is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony of our joy in this film that we have placed an order anyway. I rewarded the film with 7 IMDb stars out of ten, after one of them was docked for enthusiastic reception by the audience, one for Britney and one for something I do not remember now. (In case it has not fallen, this review is an anthem for brackets!)
