(SPOILERS IN THE FIRST PARAGRAPH) The anti-German sayings of this film now seem painfully dated, but this is a great example of great war propaganda. It was released when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all of your later Best Film Academy Awards, never made a good sound movie.) This movie lacks the comedy of most other Pickford movies, and it was actually DeMille and not Pickford. The accusation of Germans can be compared to the way in which the "Patriot" of 2000. He did the same with the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name of Austreheim. They even ordered Pickford to make a fatal trip on a luxury ship that had been torpedoed by a German submarine. So what more will make Americans go to war? Lusitania sinking, or watching your favorite Canadian import in America? Throughout the movie, DeMille leads his hero from one terrible disaster to another, barely escaping death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, executions and explosions that explode in the right place to keep it intact. The way she was saved in front of the firing squad is no more reliable than the way people from "Jurassic Park" were ultimately rescued from velociraptors. If I were more credulous of such propaganda, I would punish myself for having a partially German origin. <br /> <br /> Was this a good movie? Apart from the humorous gag that Americans abroad think they are untouchable? was it a joke even then? you may not be entertainment. You'll find that it's more than a little melodramatic and of course one-sided, but the first thing that came to my mind after watching it is that years before the false presentation of Potiomkin's massacre revolutionized the language of cinema and the film's potential for propaganda. I wondered: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the appearance of the sound and "The Greatest Show on Earth" it seemed to lose its ambitions. Ben Hur looked expensive, but not ambitious. In one sentence, this movie is intended for 1) film historians, 2) silent film lovers, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if such a person exists.
