This first-rate western tale of gold rush brings great emotions, romance and James Stewart on the screen. "The Far Country" is the only of all five Western Stewart-Mann, which is often overlooked. Stewart once again casts a new look at the ever-present personalities he had in five western Stewart-Manns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, he always takes care of himself, so he is so surprised when people are nice and kind to him. Ironically, he wears a bell on the saddle that he will not go without him. It shows that he can just take care of one person - his helper, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, because Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann once again casts a new look at the ever-present personalities he has placed in five western Stewart-Manns. It shows violence, excitement, twists, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, end up in the rich, fast city of Dawson, along with the golden partners Calvet and Flippen, and the not-good but beautiful Roman and her hired people. They can not leave because dishonest sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them, because the only way out is Skagway, which is Gannon's city. But eventually McIntire comes to them, but not to collect Stewart and / or his fine, which he allegedly owe to the government. What is McIntire for? He is here to cheat the miners from their claims and money. People are dying. Sheriff for Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with weapons. Stewart, however, refuses to work because she plans to get all the gold she can and then retreat. He also refuses because he does not like to help people because law and order always kill someone. So Flippen is elected. The miner is killed because he is trying to face one of Gannon's men, a purely evil, mustached, fanciful shooter named Madden who wears two pistols, played by Wilke. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and see that justice ends, but he can not resist him, so he becomes a drunken city. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to retreat, but are attacked by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or Gannon will take Dawson, set his own rules, and become his city, just like Skagway. The audience is also aware of what Stewart must do. Another thing the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart goes away, Gannon will take over the city. If Stewart stays and still does nothing, the city's residents will be killed one by one mercilessly and uselessly. A great scene takes place here. Stewart enters his cabin. He has a sling on his shoulder. For a few seconds his pistol hangs on the post next to the bed, the gun is close, Stewart is in the background, just outside the door. He looks at it for a few seconds. He rejects the slingshot. The slingshot lands on the back of the chair and falls to the floor. It is symbolic because he rejects his old life, which consisted in the fact that he did not care for anyone but himself. It enters a new life, helps people when they need help. What ends the film is a burning gun, a furious display of good against evil and a truly good feeling that everything will be fine.
