Definitely spoilers in this review! ** I love ** American Gothic and I've done it since I saw him for the first time late at night when I first aired him on Ch4 in Great Britain when I was 14 years old. Comparisons made with Stephen King are almost right. This is a supernatural town of unusual character, but with fantastic layered characters. And most importantly, and that's why I love him so much, or have the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck, though he has no conscience, often acts, as he says, giving people enough rope to hang himself. His manipulation only works because of the poor customs of other people. Caleb, though generally well-thought-out, nice, insightful boy, can sometimes show the hidden dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters is completely good or evil, even angelic Merlyn shows an angry side through reckless revenge in the Scourge Sower. Not only that Gail, the closest figure to Caleb, not only sleeps, but falls in love with Lucas, although he knows that this program will just go there and apologize for it. I am a big fan of Buffy, but when this program tried to go really "dark" in the later seasons, he failed because he lost his humoristic side and did not commit himself fully to his ideas. AG shows that in the heart of the series you can have a morally corrupt character, and yet you can laugh at doing it. <br /> <br /> I can not even think why it was canceled as me "I will just be too angry at the ridiculousness of all this. So much rubbish on television and good, original programs that are kicked and tapped. Thanks to the appearance of a DVD, at least I see the program in its entirety! Yes, some visuals look outdated, but the terrifying strange atmosphere is well developed in the story. All the actors give such excellent performances that they make up for the strange work in the camera. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone might dislike this show is that it's not like X- files where there are cases to "solve" or Lost when they are huge unanswered questions. It's obvious that Lucas Buck has some bad powers and that it's about fighting for Caleb's soul. So this show can frustrate people seeking a goal or an unknown "truth" to find. Yes, there are some mysterious aspects without answers, some of them, such as the truth about Gails, which have been resolved, but unlike the Lost and X files, this program is not about trying to find more "facts" about what's happening at IMO. It's about heroes and the way they have to face moral choices in the twisted world of Trinity. Personally, I would just get a kick when I saw Lucas that any situation would change in his favor. <br /> <br /> In summary, the most important thing I have to say is CHECK IT. I'm almost certain that most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Even if it has been canceled, all the characters have bows, and there is enough in the finale to give a bit of a closure. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. The fact that he is not in the final episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would do everything for the second season, but at least the full 22 episodes exist, and perhaps considering how careless some TV performers are, I should be glad that this great performance has been realized at all !! !
