This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even particularly close to any such thing) ... instead, he is the regent's prince presented by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, whose presence is very lacking, and this hole never is filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was an inept and complete moron, we can not help but care for him, which is not the truth of his replacement) as unbearable daft (which apparently was, according to Ciekawostka's page), not to mention loud mouths and no threatening ones. Edmund can now do what he likes, and he does it. Why is he so frustrated and angry (honestly, it sometimes gets depressing)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, they are always there. It seems that he is not short of money, nor is he in danger. In the second series, the queen was mischievous and childish, and she cut off someone's head - or married them - from a whim. Here, there are simply never enough chances for any of the conflicts to be exciting and interesting. There is still a comment, and even a small satire. Too often it seems that they thought the story was quite amusing in itself, so they just repeat it, not worrying about the fact that the facts change into jokes or gags. And I can not tell you how many of them I made up before they finished, literally over a minute. Usually this is not positive if you know the term before it is released. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... he is still quite pathetic and stupid, which leads to "stupid" humor. Honestly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not start me with disgusting things. Sarcastic, verbal joke can still be great, although much smaller than before. I would say that about half of the episodes were rather fun and even funny, while the other three really did not get me involved. I was disappointed how certain threads and their changes were predictable ... I saw many such events a mile away. Some materials try too hard to be funny and spin at an incredibly forced pace. This continues the tradition begun by the "II", which means that the plans operate from time to time. The subject is the worst and the subtitles are the least creative. In summary, this is by far my least favorite of four. I recommend it to franchise fans and British comedy in general. 7/10
