Just saying that you have a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get people in front of the screen, but the screenwriter / director James Cox provides a lot more. "Rashamon" in the dingy Hollywood set, the movie plays the Wonderland murders in July 1981. At different angles (and footage), but mainly through the weasel of John Holmes's spent brain filter. In a movie full of bad guys, Holmes is either the wicked, the most pathetic, or both. Several versions of the story appear and connect when Cox flashes jumps and twisting title cards among effects and emotions. Dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never rings falsely. While the movie takes place two years after Holmes fell out of pornography and led to a truly wicked drug, depraved, Kilmer constantly emits sexuality so intense that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality on the edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire movie almost as much as violence at its center. These murders are persecuted throughout the movie, though they are never clearly shown, even at the climax, though their violence continually fills the whole picture and a lot of blood is splashed on the walls and photos of the crime scene. Once again, Val Kilmer as Holmes shows that he can act wacko better than anyone else. Rolling, huddling, bragging or begging, Kilmer has a constant character, and the character is still a fascinating wreck of a car. Distinctive performances alongside Kilmer definitely include Ted Levine as the chief policeman in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as Holmes alien wife. The trio of criminals that Holmes connects to is the terrifyingly high energy of Josh Lucas, always interesting to Timothy Blake Nelson and absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a key role as the narrator of another version of the murders. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about the wonderland, there is always a worse version, but browsing the debauchery around her is far more fascinating than understanding the truth.
