Unfortunately, in cases like these, there are so many conflicting stories, because everyone is trying to blame others, it's almost impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. Writers (too many of them) have decided to take ALL stories and give them to the public to let them decide which version of the truth they like the most. As in the real case, there is no unambiguous answer, no conclusion, and the public has a general reason for dissatisfaction (like coffee without caffeine or sex without climax). Whodunnits without whodunnit are usually frustrating and make you wonder why someone did not carry out the tests before they put them there. At least make your movie as a fiction if it's its value (and it happens). <br /> <br /> It does not mean that there are no big performances here. Kilmer (as Holmes) plays a unique role, bringing humanity to something that is otherwise unpalatable. Kilmer and real life lovers and friends who consulted this film allowed the audience to see a selfish, worried human being who, though his faults were numerous and large, was loved and served by many people (except himself). Kudrow as the wife of Holmes, gives only a glimpse of a dramatic actress, which can be, but it is very noticeable and unforgettable. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complicated as she could be and needed to show more internal conflicts, to give her faith in what eventually happened between Dawn and Holmes (she returned him six months after fleeing to Florida). Apple Bosworth's performance is sometimes annoying, sometimes affecting, but does not show any of the spine that must have had a real Schiller. Other characters disappear in woodwork, which is a pity. Lucas is a great performer who could delve into this role if it was created for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable of acting as a motorcyclist involved in drug trafficking. <br /> <br /> The error of this movie is not in this cast but in writing. Too many chefs spoil the soup, and this kettle, full of so many promises, ultimately leaves you hungry. History and characters may have been less than compassionate, but in what film are they not? Other films, such as a cowboy from 1989, starring Matt Dillon (who apparently was asked to participate in the role and refused), worked with similar topics and mastered him to the point that at the end of the movie you felt affinity with the main hero, despite what he did. Van Sandt could give James Cox and his crew a few lessons. If somebody took the trouble to find the truth, it would be an intriguing story. In the current version, the accompanying WADD document is more enjoyable (on 2 DVDs) and contains much more information. With the DVD you will learn that Holmes was not a bad man, but he was not very good either.
