John Holmes is so famous, he is infamous (as the Three Amigos would say). It's a story similar to Rashomon about events related to spooky murders in the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is connected with the story of several participants. There is a story from a friend's perspective, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is involved in a robbery in the place of Eddie Nash (Eddie Nash is an infamous drug dealer - and is likely to be the same character that Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is heavily addicted to drugs. There is the perspective of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), which makes him become a pawn stuck between two kings (with a serious case of cocaine craving). There is also a patchwork memory of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth), which fill the spaces between the two stories. This is basically the same time period we look at, only the version of each character. Only the prospects of dead people are missing. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights by Paul Thomas Anderson presents John Holmes as a somewhat heroic character, with tragic but comedic karma. It is a caricature of a real person. He was less, a mixed kid who got what he got through his "big" equipment. Director James Cox turns off the comedy and makes this episode in John's life a nightmare for all of us. Details of real-life murders make this movie even more amazing. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he learned from Jim Morrison, from Doors, improved the efficiency of the Salton Sea, and then strengthened it to bring us the deterioration of John Holmes' condition through cocaine. All actors download very realistic portraits of cocaine junkies. Josh Lucas's performance stands out as one of the best in the film. The game of Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as the character of Thomas Jane from Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, he loved having John Holmes around him and fancy cocaine, like sharks enjoy the blood. Using cocaine seems so realistic that you can think. Did they really use Splenda ?? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a pop-gum note (a lot of colors and nostalgia of the 70's), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with lots of jumps. It is vibrating and grainy. There is no comedy, just an endless pace, as if the director tried to draw us into nervous, fast and sharp cocaine, so that we would feel the characters feel. This is a graphic film. It has one of the most intense scenes I've ever seen in a movie. In fact, it shows the murders themselves (with the eyes of John Holmes and then with the perspective of the third person). It's so graphic that it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to stop this scene and remind myself that it was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for people interested in other parties John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
