Recently I have adopted the habit of buying interesting DVDs, which Criterion releases. I understand that even if I do not like the movie, Criterion usually provides enough additional material to compensate for any shortcomings in the real movie. I read about them and I buy the ones that are the most interesting for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase and I have to say that I was not disappointed in the movie. He is cheerful, funny and romantic. Everything is very good in this. The songs are great. If I understood French, I would probably be buzzing and singing all day long. Acting is very good for this kind of film. American musicals from the classic Hollywood era relied more on song and dance than on real heroes and history, but in Le Million the characters are quite well developed, and the story, although not very impressive, is not missing. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between once-best friends Michel and Prospery. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with some very memorable moments. Probably the most perfect scene of the film appears immediately after the main pair is conducting a dispute. They hide on the opera stage, and opera singers sing poems that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret in their situation. This is definitely one of the most important points in the history of cinema. The stage managed to make me laugh, to convince myself of a very sweet romance and to make me smile how smart the director was. I give this film 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in Criterion, what I plan to buy. Among the Criterion discs I have now, Le Million contains the least elements. All she has is a photo gallery (not everything that can be useful, it can be searched once) and a rare television interview with director Rene Clair. This piece is interesting. He was one of the many directors who started in a silent film, and when gadgets appeared, he said that they represent the death of the film. I think most people who know the movies understand what the directors meant when they said it, but it's interesting how it explains. In addition, if you have read the description of this video on Amazon.com, notice that they have made a mistake in one important respect: not every line in the film is sung. In fact, it does not contain more songs than an ordinary musical. This is actually more of a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticism of the disk is not so important. Shit, Criterion has the right to hit me to file these complaints. It is a fact that their people probably spent hundreds of hours repairing a movie for which only 20 (currently 21!) People voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people, if so, will ever see a movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, you will not find Le Million anywhere. I have no idea why not. It's something they should be really proud of (of course their website is surprisingly horrible). They did a great job in this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can give them!
