Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just beginning her social work, is sent to help an elderly semi-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous caretaker, Yoko (Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen quickly learns that something is wrong in Emma's house and tries to "see how deep the rabbit's hole is." <br /> <br /> This may have a delayed effect on the success of M. Shyamalan's films, but the slower pace, discreet horror is the latest trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works exceptionally well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), stimulation tends to kill a movie. I did not like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but it's still a very good movie - it earns me 9 out of 10. <br /> <br /> The Grudge has some significant differences from the other last examples of this trend. First of all, it is known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series, which began with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, since 2003) . Secondly, as with many Japanese horrors, the slower pace here is not as much associated with real drama as with surrealism. As with the large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be seen more as a filmmaking nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of five Japanese entries in the Ju-On series so far (the fifth is currently in production), and screenwriter Stephen Susco largely resigned from linearity and do not really care too much logic or holes in the story when it comes to horror for history. The idea is to present a phenomenal sequence of scenes, with the logic of dreams, in which the atmosphere, creep, amazing and for many viewers are frightened. How well the film works for you depends largely on how well you can adapt or get accustomed to this different approach to making movies (although some of the apparent loopholes fill previous entries in the Ju-W series). Traditionally, the American public considers the disadvantages to leave plotlines hanging and abandoning the "rules" for the "monster". A more poetic, metaphorical, surrealistic approach to the film is not yet accepted by the mainstream in the USA. <br /> <br /> However, even if you are not used to it, it is worth trying to suspend your normal preconceptions about movies and give The Grudge a shot. It is a well-written, well-directed, well-played movie, full of extraordinary features, such as a story interweaving a large number of "main characters" (which is better here than a more episodic Ju-On 3), good photos, subtle design accents (check clothes Gellara, which match the color and texture of the outside of Emma's house when Gellar approaches) and the beautifully effective material of horror. <br /> <br /> Even if it's slower to move that your average horror from the past, the stimulation usually increases the amazingness, and there's no shortage of strange events to keep the fans of horror. The supernatural premise of the film is absorbing and based on the interviews on DVD with Shimizu, prompted me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting subtext would probably arise from a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to think about why so many Japanese horror movies contain scary children and adults who look like scary children. <br /> <br /> I took away one point for a film that twisted a film about the mystery / thriller with a flashback "here's what really happened," but even that was quite well done, and it would be 10 by 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I've said all of the above, let me finish with a mini-racket: it's not that I'm against the remake, but it's ridiculous that American distributors and studios think we need a change foreign films to create them suitable for consumption. Original versions of these films should simply be played in American theaters in a wide variety. There is no need to present an almost identical movie, but only to replace white American actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a great movie, but ultimately I'd rather see something original using this talent and be treated for the latest foreign horror - not only Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese etc. - in my multiplex. In the hope that someone with some strokes in the study will read it, it is also more profitable, because (1) you can completely avoid the cost of production and simply create national distribution agreements from which you get a profit, and (2) you can earn on fans like me, who differently receive foreign DVD movies in versions produced abroad or even bootlegs.
