It is said that movies and shorts from David Lynch will not please everyone. Nor Dumbland, maybe more than ever. I have the impression that Dumbland, when people come across him, will be a real sign "I get it" or "what the hell". This is not exactly surrealism, but absurd to the point of no return. She is also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity there can be something like ironic intelligence, that the creator knows as well as childish and repulsive it is, and this self-awareness is a plus, not a distortion. <br /> <br /> These are just a handful of primitively drawn pants - those that may not even appear in the series Hertzfeldt and Judge's Animation (which, I add, Lynch has a lot in common with both directors) focuses on lummox with IQ 20 who has a constantly shaking wife with fear and a child who looks like a gingerbread and / or stranger crossover, episodes include small situations such as a faulty treadmill, a salesman who can recite Gettysburg's speech, watch over a sick brother-in-law, hallucinations of ants and just wallow on the sofa with noise all around. Lynch is still experimenting all the time, because he was always for better or worse during the five years he spent in Inland Empire. <br /> <br /> First of all, he returns to the roots of his first short, Six Figures Getting Sick Six Times, in using reps as Sometimes it works very well and sometimes it does not. like an episode in which sitting at home does nothing when the teeth bleed, and the fly buzzes, an absurd kind of waxes and disappears without much good effect. And even the episode, like the arrival of a friend, is more fun than comparing Beavis and Butt-head (both laugh like idiots and are equally consumed by killing fish and sheep). What ends the job is how Lynch shows the frontal delirium abstraction in the simplest way you can imagine and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what is the closest to surrealism in "ants", the guy mistakenly sprays himself the bug-spray (simply called "Kill", one of the very cheap, but funny antics on social conventions) and imagines ants in a musical choir line, including solos. One of the most shocking funny things I've seen in a filmmaker is "take a stick" where we just see a guy his son cheers while putting a stick to his mouth. Soon the neck bursts, the eyes pop out, and when this stick is removed, he will not consider the puddle as the manhole cover. Other moments appear in this way in unexpected crevasses and appear like cheap paper with impetus to shock with vulgar language (mainly from man, and also from "grandma", which in one of Lynch's voices for characters are the deepest of all) and wobbly quality reminiscent of cream from (early) Hertzfeldt. <br /> <br /> Still, I'm not sure if Dumbland is something that I would like in someone's hands if they did not see too much Lynch, let alone through him. There are a few things about society, expressed by complete exaggerations that may or may not be in the mind of Lynch closer than we usually think in life. However, in general, there is not much to say in that, so I would say that more than half of those who see this will hate with passion. Those who kick the bottoms of the animated comedy, be prepared for an explosion.
