Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a T-shirt "Hulk" and goes away every day to perform his duties as a garbage collector. He uses his physical power to collect the garbage of others and tow them to the landfill. He reads the stories of comics heroes and loves wrestlers and wrestling. Going to WrestleMania with her twin brother Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. He talks politely with many people he has contact with during the day. He reads the comics he finds in the basket, with a young boy who often passes when he is trashy. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability appeared as a result of a head injury in which he suffered a brain injury (TBI). This injury slowed him down, though he did not change his basic traits as a strong unit that helps protect others. Dominick is more capable of living independently than it may seem at the beginning of the movie. He lives with Eugene, who learns to become a doctor. Dominick provides the main source of income, and Eugene does not study. Eugene has to face the fact that he has to continue his education in another city and must leave Dominic. Eugene also develops an affair that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film is devoted specifically to domestic violence and how it can affect individuals, families and then the whole society. A strain that intensifies between Eugene and Dominick when Eugene realizes that he must finally leave Nicky, exploded into a birthday night. Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At this point, Eugene has to face his own fears of being similar to his abusive father, whom Dominick protected him, while he himself became a victim of violence. This event strengthened the love between two brothers who have since become best friends. Although they needed each other, they needed both independence and the ability to develop and develop relationships with others. The fact that they have to part with each other has become a very real emotional tension. However, at the end of the film Dominick can say goodbye to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with the conviction that he began to create a social network of people who care for him and help him gain independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick witnesses mistreatment of his friend, he is forced to face the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick almost completely turns off. He then goes to the hospital after the ambulance to see what happened to his friend. After he learned that the boy had died, an abusive father meets him, fearing his testimony, telling him that he has seen nothing, knows nothing and says nothing, and if he does, he will kill him. Now that his own life has been threatened, he goes and finds a hand weapon that Larry killed rats. He goes in honor of the deceased boy and at the bow tie, kidnaps a child of a pathetic family. He escapes from the stage and hides in the building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and brings the child back. The abusive father wields his own weapon threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him, and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw his father throwing his son up the stairs. <br /> <br /> The problem of dysfunctional behavior appears through the culmination. Although Dominick's instinct to save a child can be understood, we also see how harmful this answer is. Dominick put the life of the child and his own life at serious risk. The larger social consequences of these events are not directly related, but are shown through ending films. Despite the more optimistic ending performance, there was probably another sequence of events in which Dominick was accused of kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is hard to believe that it did not reveal itself completely. Moreover, even if Dominick is not prosecuted, there may be a stigma in the community, and not one that did not take place before these events. Instead, the movie shows that we need to be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to reduce it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, in the same year as another Rainman movie, which won 5 Oscars. Although Rainman was an achievement and helped to increase visibility with a disabled person, one could argue that Dominick and Eugene have more valuable lessons for society. Meanwhile, Rainman has shown that American mainstream society may be able to learn and care for a "scholar" if the "scholar" is the heir of a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a disabled person may be able to care for and help save members of American society. The message of an independent disabled person could have been too strong for 1988. Hopefully, one day, society will see the strengths of disabled people, not the threat, but the imperative of the strength of society.
