I collect horror movies from around the world and I've seen good and very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget movie. Sure, acting is bad, the plot is basically a mix of all zombie movies that throw together, and in some places the quality is low. You miss that it is still fun and really fun. The effects range from, as someone said here, zombies with pasty faces that look like they reject KISS to really good with the amazing work of latex. But the reason why you buy a movie with such a title is for gore and this movie is amazing in this area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it a Party movie and it is. 100% fun party movie. I have heard from various websites that it is in fact a "rough" movie, which has a general premiere, but the actual "directing cut" appears on DVD and it is very good quality. I will buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power plant that goes bad and creates zombies. The government closes, hides history and sanctions houses that are to be built on it. Part of the plant is still underground and these undead appear and attack the area. Several actors do a great job, there is a pretty simple social commentary that is insightful and real, good music, great lighting, some effective tension and a lot of blood and sick blood. One guy is attacked and jumped from a lower level, if you know what I mean. Then his guts are pushed out of his mouth. Another one is torn in half like in Day Of The Dead and they did a great job of this effect. There are a million gags and that's almost ALL of the action. I say that stop being prudish, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great epos of the undead. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATED !!! I just got a DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> MUCH better image quality and once I was able to see the actual CIR DIRECTOR movie and this is a much better movie. I liked it before, but now I see what Todd Sheets really tried to do with it. The commentary also helps by hearing how the sheets discuss the film in detail. He knows it's a kitschy movie about zombies, but he's showing respect for everyone involved. Sheets also have a sense of humor and modest honesty that others can learn in the field of film. Behind the scenes, Zombie Bloodbath is also great. I felt that it was almost as much fun as the movie for which it was created. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes videos connected to news about the film from several major venues, such as CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a funny, small movie that is VERY rough on the edges, but still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I've seen a lot of DV movies and a few videos, and many of them are pretty boring, but this one really was not. While newer DV movies are technically better, they are simply not so much fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard that they are now reworking it for a big budget ???
