I just got my copy of this set of two DVDs and although it's not perfect, I thought that general experience is a great way to waste time. I must admit that I am a huge fan of Zombie movies and I really think that the people who created these films also have to be. I also have a weakness for people who, sometimes against all odds, try to live their dreams. And again these people do it. Is this an award-winning collection of an amazing film? No. Even close. But for what they do in their modest budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the most important thing is always, was I entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer to both was "Yes". The first in the series is also the most severe. Opens in the event of an accident in a nuclear facility and people get drowned or something. Intermittent a few years later and a new housing community is being built on the old reactor site. Some children who make video fall into the hole and are trapped at the lowest level of the object. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed, and people from the hole begin to break out of the hole. Soon, the whole city is taken over by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from cold makeup to the cheapest smack on a white face, but they're fun. The entire movie ends with the final game between the last survivors from this area and the undead, and our heroes enter the lower levels of the reactor to remove zombie-eating bodies and seal the hole forever! Pretty bad, but I think it was supposed to be like that. Despite this, he moves very fast, has a lot of gruesome effects and really tries to have a style. Acting is uneven, but you can see some good performances and you really should listen to the commentary. I came back and looked at it again, stating that it is good information about the trials and activities experienced by the crew and cast of the film. Director Todd Sheets seems to be proud of this, his first film, but he also has no illusions. He knows it's a kitschy movie about zombies, but it shows respect for those involved. Sheets also have a sense of humor and modest honesty that others can learn in the field of film. Behind the scenes, Zombie Bloodbath is also great. I felt that it was almost as much fun as the movie for which it was created. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes videos connected to news about the film from several major venues, such as CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a funny, small movie that is VERY rough on the edges, but still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I've seen a lot of DV movies and a few videos, and many of them are pretty boring, but this one really was not. While newer DV movies are technically better, they are simply not fun! In general, it is a solid, though slightly flawed version, with many additions and tons of gore and splatter. Although we do not break any big rules of making moves, I think that the series is fun and always laughs, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to get the award-winning art here, he tried, sometimes against all odds, to joke about zero budget, splatter horror, and he succeeded in that at peak times.
