So Todd Sheets once said that he thinks that his Z-epic Zombie Bloodbath from 1993 is the first full-length feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a small beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how false this statement is. What makes this much better? Well, Zombie Rampage does not cover this guy, now? <br /> <br /> For someone to understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered something worthwhile, you must remember how the 90's looked like for lovers of evil horror. Ten years that said goodbye to B and Z-cinema, as we knew. Technological progress, awkward trends and the Internet would endure the mysterious charms of great golden years s.o.v. And everything remotely reminiscent of schlock quality was too self-conscious, because it was good for him, basically defeating the goal. Fortunately, not everyone changes with time. Go to Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I think this is the part where I explain exactly the same assumption from 500 other zombie movies from the last 40 years. Okay, so some kind of accident at a nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight, turning them into zombies that feed on the body, who are crazy about one of the most macabre and funny scenes from the 90s. The first 20 minutes are cluttered with the most bizarre-sounding conversations you can imagine. Conversations, thanks to which you know that it's not just a low-budget zombie movie, it's a Z-class disaster, buddy. lots of hysterical, non-existent acts that could be circumvented, and this will trip Mr Mullet. This guy is the real highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously thinks Zombie Bloodbath is ALSO higher than the Zombie Rampage, entertains me endlessly. I mean really, both are complete celluloid jokes, but again, like Redneck Zombies, so of course Todd Sheets is in the company of awesomeness. Until 1993, such a bad film would undoubtedly be a false trick, but Mr. Sheets is in his place, giving us some good old style, as it was supposed to be, unconscious, unconscious and aimless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone looking for a surprisingly valuable B-Horrora from the 90s, Leif Jonker Darkness should be at the top of the list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you're a gorehound who got bored around 1990, then '93 would be the perfect time to raise. 8/10
