One of my all-time favorite, independent horrors from el cheapo and stinko nickel'n'dime, a wonderfully frightening miracle that was released by the incredibly prolific capital of Crown International Pictures, so he could play a lot of shit double bills on countless trips in the 1970s -they was finally restarted like crazy on several minor secondary cable stations in the 80's. Naturally, for the first time, I saw this incredibly weird abomination on TV late at night, which was a terrible Saturday evening when I was a teenager and since then I had a deeply rooted, though completely irrational, sentiment. <br /> <br /> The meteor falls out of the sky and breaks into the calm waters of a peaceful rural lake, causing the dinosaur's dormant egg to hatch. Of course, Dino's child immediately grows into a gigantic duck-clawed, grunting, gnashing prehistoric beast with stupid fins, a long neck, and large mouths full of small sharp, jagged, stalagmite chompers. Our cousin from the south fried in monsters from Loch Ness immediately begins to feed on various unfortunate local inhabitants of Jokla in a quiet and sleepy resort on the hill. It depends on the capricious, steadfast sheriff Richard Cardelli, supported by the painfully idiotic soul of the comedian guide with Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, the pugnacious pal Kacey Cobb and the deadly ludicrous scientist Bob Hyman to get to the heart of an overly voracious Jurassic tropic destroys tourist trade, eating all the campers and fishermen that Hamlet earns. <br /> <br /> The director / co-writer William R. Stromberg presents a wonderfully pathetic and thorough unconscious incompetence in terms of stimulation, atmosphere, tense narrative construction, and especially sound-generating, credible acting from his hopelessly overwhelming amateur cast. The performances are equally hopeless: Cardella is too bland and wooden to cut her as a solid heroic advantage, while pathetically stupid stupid pranks of Roberts and Seigel evoke malaise in disbelief - you do not laugh at these two horrible lumps, especially when unbearable the imbeciles discovered a severed head bouncing in the murky water of the lake. What's more, the awkwardly integrated sub-thread of a malicious criminal leads to a spectacular braking scene in the supermarket, which turns into a ridiculously stupid mini-massacre when a young lady's client interrupts the artist halfway through the robbery! Another car chase is also seriously paralyzed; she is so impassive and impressive that she feels more relieved than horror when the monster suddenly jumps out to devour the wicked fugitive. What's more, the dinosaur with David Allen's stop-motion animation, in the funkky-jerky style, is an authentic sarcastic article depicting a certain raw charisma, crafty reptilian personality and overall screen power that makes all terribly compelling human figures seem pitifully indecent, no one is bored when compared. And when it comes to the thrilling application, in which the sheriff adopts an awful beast with a bulldozer, the operative word for this exciting confrontation is boffo.
