I can not say more about this film than all the comments on the front page, except - as Jesse says - "it's berries". All pages that commentators have written eloquently - as almost as in this movie. This may be one of the illusory things that we hear so much about, but usually actors do that deliver lines: a beautiful scenario. Perhaps Robert Redford held on to the actors / actresses during the making of this film so that the beauty of the story would not get lost. <br /> <br /> I also went to church when I was very young and to my late teens. The Church's pastor spoke very eloquently and quietly, as Father Maclean did in his church. This in itself is a completely different image, which is presented in the southern Baptist churches - there is no holiness in my church. It was a large church with many different programs to keep its congregation in motion - the most inspiring was probably the music department with its huge choir and almost classical hymns. Too sunday evening was almost completely younger. Do you even know that one day you could go to church on Sunday evening? How I would like it to be so! Watching "The river flows through it" is very similar to hearing a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully engaged in life. As has been said so beautifully, the sermon on this film is the beauty of Montana in the open - but is there also no rocket silos there? Fly fishing or any other activity that brings family members closer to a happy life - and deep mutual understanding - becomes a blessing. Although you also see some of the shadowy aspects of life, the simplicity of the story makes a lasting impression on your heart if you let it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are balanced by simple meetings of old-fashioned social picnics, such as this movie - in heavy contrasts with modern families taking children to the Disney Land for a screech of joy and calling them "a day together". There is nothing wrong with that, but as the "river" shows, some of her taciturn beauties can do nothing but enrich life. This is the third movie I've seen in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays father, all other styles and he played great. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly undiscovered talent except "Thelmy and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black" and all cast members have earned many awards. Small stories told wonderfully will get from me 10-10 for every movie with violence, vulgar language, ugliness and "action". I think especially about "Crash" and most of Arnold's films. What kind of a savior of peace is this movie.
