(Spoilers are not much, because there is no conspiracy that I would like to reveal, but I think I am describing what is going on, so ...) That's it. This is the most nonsensical movie I've ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this movie, although the "weird" "funny" and "ego trip" are quite close. the first half hour is really very weird music videos, completely without a story or continuity, except that MJ falls into some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" in the section where MJ is flying a carousel through something that seems to be shards and sections with semi-intro intro and sections cut from the Yellow Submarine (dear sir, you could not do it up). <br /> <br /> Then, with a little over an hour left, a "movie" begins, with a lot of claymation (some of them really scary) notice our "hero" and chase him looking for an autograph. Of course, this leaves our unpleasant (discounting songs) advantage somewhat worried and manages to temporarily lose them. Happiness for him, because it means that he can be a witness to a falling star and, again, I do not invent it, I turn into a claymation rabbit. He uses this cunning disguise to sneak past them, but for reasons I do not remember now, they see it (for no!), And the terrifying chase begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the hunt is over, MJ somehow brings the rabbit to life until he is caught by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because apparently it is illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is just as weird as MJ cleans the bar for the Smooth Criminal melody, including shooting a man with a finger, not just killing a guy, but burning his shadow into the wall, weapons for nuclear fission. Another good moment is that MJ, seeing, Mr. Big (Joe "what the hell happened to his career at the moment? Peschi), kidnaps one of the kids he was friends with, magically creates a Tommy gun, and in another the moment of violence is the pepper of this film seemingly random, it opens fire on everything that moves. The last moment I will mention is when MJ, surrounded by the Great Lord and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people for him, and they're more decked out than commandos, not gangsters, I think. How does he get out? Why, it turns into a robot, with a weapon and shield. This is the third of the four transformations that he performs, almost always when they are retracted in angle and / or on the run. <br /> <br /> This movie is quite, quite surreal, with a small amount of story and virtually no continuity.
