Oh, Moonwalker, I'm a huge fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first video I ever saw. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was for people like God, a time when women fainted when they saw him, before they really fainted before they saw him, I'm sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker became a tribute to Michael's success at the time he released his famous album Bad, which was record-breaking, the first album to have had the top six singles. Michael is an amazing artist, there is no doubt that he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping a story straight with his audience? not so much. <br /> <br /> We start out quite simply: Jackson's music, life, career, success and mania, which was the biggest star of the 1980s in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 1930s gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be close to the children, we cut him off playing in the field with the children and their dog. The dog escapes, and while searching, Jackson and the children discover Mr. Big's hideout, Frankie Lideo, a drug-dealing gangster, with an army of supporters who want to make the entire drug population dependent on the planet, starting with children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the children, but they run away; Jackson tells children to meet him in club 30, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The story goes back to the gangsters' attack on Jackson and here it reveals that Jackson is actually a magic gangster who draws his power from falling stars. When you miss the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and mows several of Mr. Big's supporters. The story of children in club 30 and children are afraid at first, but when Jackson appears in a terrifying atmosphere of club changes, and children are in the 1930s. The club is now filled with zoot suits and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance-off with other members of the club, which serves as a video for "Smooth Criminal". At the climax of the song Big besieges the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's lair and is surrounded by his followers. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson, threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive drugs. While Katie manages to simply grab Joe Pesci's glasses and free himself from the injection, Mr. Big decides he's sick of it and tells his men to kill Katie before Jackson's end, but not before the shooting star. Jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Yes, ummm, you want more eccentricity? WATCH A MOVIE. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is funny for the first half hour, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him once again. Is it mainly to give your album a hype? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes, praising how amazing he is, and then we go to his song "Leave Me Alone", which is hypocrisy, not because it is not a great song, only a small turn of events. When we skip the depressing game, the story was incredibly weak: the villain writes his name out loud, while Michael and Katie spy on him, lol, Michael is suddenly a transformer, the great plan of the monster is to create high children? Also, the villain has a powerful gun that will make Marvin a Martian blush. But if there is one new thing that is amazing, the movie gives us a new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfect, choreographic, it's a cover, it's a song, it's a sleek style, Michael always goes above perfection, and Smooth Criminal was amazing. I loved Moonwalker as a kid, I still watch it for fun today, but it's not the best movie in any way, it's pretty stupid, but it's all right if you're a fan of Michael Jackson. <br /> <br /> 7/10
