SAPS AT SEA is clearly a word game in Gary Cooper's SOULS AT SEA. The title aptly describes the star, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who are setting out on an oceanic journey to calm the nerves of Ollie to run into the fleeing assassin Nick Grainger. Just like Rychard Cramer, this criminal is also funny and chilling in his veins, which makes him a great foil for the characters of comedic boys. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never impresses boys, a tribute to the charming charisma of Stan and Ollie. That's how it should be, because the boys are supposed to be the heroes of this film. <br /> <br /> This is the charm of Laurel and Hardy's personality that they pick up the average material. In the case of SAPS AT SEA, it has free seats. For example, as the previous commentator pointed out, a bit where the doctor (delighted by James Finlayson) is trying a balloon called "Lung Tester" on Ollie, he is missing a blow. The scenario is very episodic, with the first part taking place in the boys' apartment, almost completely unrelated to the second part, where they go out to sea. But in general, a movie is a very pleasant pastime with a sufficiently short time of action, so that it does not wear out, it is welcome. <br /> <br /> There is some poignant observation of the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer Hal Roach. I did not see all of Laurel's and Hardy's films after 1940, but the ones I've seen do not even fit into the worst Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an alien environment, deprived of such colorful supportive players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately, as well as spontaneous LeRoy Shield scores. They are also not good and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in later movies they are either annoying fools or pathetic oddies. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are currently inaccessible to the public. Even in a small entry, such as SAPS AT SEA, you can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This was because Hal Roach mostly allowed Stan Laurel, the director of the band, full artistic freedom. When Laurel lost his autonomy in other studies, the band lost a lot of its uniqueness.
