This is my third commentary that tries to merge two legendary comedy bands: Laurel and Hardy and Abbott & Costello. There is a relationship here with 1940. This is the date when the first had its last film from their longtime home studio Hal Roach. Later, I will mention the importance of the latter. Besides Stan and Ollie having worked for the last time in Lot of Fun, this is also the last time they will appear with such famous players as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, who have appeared in most of their films. It was also the last time that Art Lloyd served as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who composed the theme song known as "Cuckoo Song (Cuckoo Dance)" - their result. And that would be the last time Stan Laurel would have full control over what is happening in the film. If there is more structure in this L & H than usual, it's nice to know that most of these gags are really fun. This includes most sound and visual effects, the latter being provided by a longtime Roach Roy Seawright employee. In this, Ollie has "hornoophobia" from working in a noisy corner factory, so Dr. Finlayson orders to go out to rest. Ollie does not like to go on a boat, so Stan suggests that they hire only one that is docked so that they do not have to go anywhere. After finding one that they like, we find out that the condemned Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just fled ... I will stop there and say that it was just as good a finale for the long L & H house as you can hope for. Hilarious is usually from the beginning to the end and the awareness that it will be their last, because the man who is partly responsible for their team, is really poignant when he thinks about it. Oh, I have some more to say: this is the last performance by Harry Bernard who plays the port keeper after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and also Ben Turpina, a cross-eyed comic who was born in New Orleans, which is several hours from my current home town Baton Rouge, whose second appearance at L & H was previously "married" to the boys from Our Wife. This last performer has a particularly real comic moment. Okay, I mentioned that in 1940 Stan and Ollie released their last movie with Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year in which the comedy team, both born in New Jersey, made their first photo in their home studio Universal. The director of this movie would be the same who directed L & H in The Flying Deuces last year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. It was during this filming that screenwriter Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident with a roll-up rug. This incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to the hospital room. They fell in love and they were married on March 7, 1940. This continued until Babe's death in 1957.
