He follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two films hard to come by. It's not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless somebody insists on JITTERBUGS or any of the later films) that Laurel & Hardy created. It is simply a small movie, without the crazy, destructive crescendo BLOCK-HEADS or the amazing view of Stan's "real" personality in "CHUMP AT OXFORD" to enjoy. In the 57th minute it's shorter than the other two it's a little bit spinning, but it's not a bad point. He has enough time to hit the right notes. It is not as unique as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work at a factory that produces horns. I suspect that in this sequence there was some influence of Chaplin (one resembles a similar incident from the assembly line at MODERN TIMES only four years earlier). Nerves Ollie finally break and go crazy. He returns home and (of course) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have him - a trombone). After defeating the poor professor, Ollie has problems with an incompetent caretaker / engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice, short look), and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve tester (a balloon that fills up when pushing the air Stomach Ollie Finleyson announces that this is a bad case of "horror", and Ollie needs a holiday with lots of calm and goat milk, they finally go to the ship, but Ollie and Stan do not know anything about sailing - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, Richard Cramer is on board, a dangerous criminal has escaped.This will not be a peaceful holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (like A CHUMP) could have been three shorts one in the factory, one in the apartment and one on the boat, each one would be a successful short film and everyone makes a funny movie - but combining the parts shows together. awesome moments - discovering how Turpina's ineptness causes various disasters associated with taps and stoves in the apartment; accidental comments from the construction manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie are running next to him and asking for directions ("Can you help me find a basement?" - asks Stan - "Surely you can not miss it - it's downstairs!" says Hall, who he realizes what stupid comment he has made, and Cramer's mistreatment of his two slave hostages, he calls Ollie and Dana's Daffy (allusion to Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal bands from the 1930s - see Duma Dailey THE PRIDE OF ST. LOUIS.) Cramer ordered the boys to cook some food - and make a synthetic meal (for example, shoe laces for spaghetti) to make him incapacitated. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat their own meals Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the highest line of Laurel & Hardy films, but overall it is a good movie and a good ending of the best years their film career (1927 - 1940), when they were with Hal Kalach. Over the next few years, the boys and Roach had serious problems related to production costs (OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic problems (scenes from SWISS MISS were cut off irrelevant) and contractual arguments (leading to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in Zenobia). Stan and Ollie hit THE FLYING DEUCES, in which Roach's was not produced, but Boris Morros. In the end, two photos of "CHUMP AT OXFORD" and "SAPS AT SEA" ended the arguments and problems - and at most the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they never stated that the subsequent film relations with the producer were as satisfying as before.
