Spider-Man is in my opinion the best superhero in history, and this game is the best superheroes game ever. While it may be a bit easy, you have to play a few times to get all the costumes and comic covers, which rewards the ease of the game. At first it may seem difficult to control, but once you know it, you will be floating on the net, just like Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> Bosses, like levels, are quite easy, they are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so, because as comics fans know, Scorpion is one of the most deadly villains of Spider-Man. The other boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who in my opinion is the easiest boss in the game, which definitely should not be. The fourth boss is Venom again. This time it is a bit harder to overcome, but it's still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who in my opinion is the funniest boss in the game. It is also one of the harder bosses, but once again it is still quite easy. The next boss is Carnage, which you guessed is easy to beat. But Carnage is actually fun to fight. The seventh boss is Doctor Octopus, who is as easy as all other bosses, but not as easy as others, because he has a shield. The eighth and final boss is solely in the game, never in a comic or cartoon. I will not spoil this for those who have not played this game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not too easy. I tried to beat 4 or 5 attempts, while others beat in the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> All in all a very good game. I gave him 8 out of 10. The reason why I did not give him 9 or 10 is that when you get all the comic costumes and covers, it gets boring (though getting all these things will take some time), it's not very accurate by comics or comic book series, the bosses are too easy and should use Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as the boss, I think it would be nice to fight someone flying in the air! They also did not use them in the sequel of this game! Well, Green Goblin is a villain in the upcoming movie Spider-Man, so I hope to create a video game based on the movie.
