Jacknife is a war movie that is as far from war as war movies. It is difficult to classify it as a war movie because the only way any war has an impact on history or heroes is their memory, and even those we almost never show. This puts very interesting questions about life, especially in the sense that the slogan says that only one of them is really alive (and by the way, although the slogan only applies to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) ), talks about all three characters from the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs came back to take Dave on a fishing trip that they planned a lot longer than you guessed. <br /> <br /> DeNiro provides an excellent performance for the character of Megs, who is not entirely sure if we should want or is really as crazy as Martha's thoughts. Dave reminds Marta several times that Megs is not his friend, but someone he knows. At the beginning of the movie is a great scene in which Megs went out for breakfast for a six-pack of beer from her car, and Dave says it is just around the corner of the room. Megs pauses for a moment, then goes into the room with a smile and a great greeting. It's only later that you realize how Megs must have felt when he heard this, being the one who remembered what they had planned that day. It reminds me of the old man's corruption, "Sure, let's do it," what people say to each other so often, never having any plans to do something like that. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers a great performance as Dave who never survived the effects of the war. Many years later he failed to defeat his friend's death during the war, blaming himself for that day and drowning his life with alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. He just wants people to leave him alone. He is not a man who lives his life in the way he wants, regardless of whether people really leave him or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive to get away from the world of living . br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least when it comes to my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old and they both act as if they still lived with their mothers, expecting their messes to simply leave when they leave the room for a while. One in private (older, unfortunately), has no idea how to take care of myself, I am surprised that I do not have to wipe the beard when he eats it. Martha has to do the same for her brother who is waiting for his hand and leg while he staggers through life from one hangover to the next. Martha and Dave are stuck in dead life and none of them can get out of it until something serious changes and Dave has to change it. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romanticism in movies where it just does not fit as much as Roger Ebert complains about those pathetic, small stretchers, a red digital reading. But in this case, I do not think that the romance that develops between Megs and Martha had a negative impact on the rest of the movie. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic sub-themes in Bruckheimer's films is not that they are so predictable that you are just waiting for an obvious end and you hope something interesting will happen along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Marta, because we do not know enough about Megas. Martha may be right about him, that he's one of Dave's crazy war buddies, and that he's not the kind of man she should date. Dave certainly encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) A few years after this film DeNiro did Cape Fear, where he plays a mad criminal revenge on a lawyer who landed in prison, a character who In retrospect is easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife Martha he realizes his mistake, gets rid of Megów, and she and Dave complement each other because he saved her from a terrible relationship, and then decides to clean up his act because he did something good for her. I expected it to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs came together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asks Dave for all the questions about what they planned to do after the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is a slow move, but Jacknife is funny on the way and has a huge win at the end, which amazingly manages to be unpalatable. At the end of the movie there is almost an excess of emotions that almost does not match the rest of the movie, but it's so good that it does not dampen anything that the movie has achieved until then. Everyone involved gives a great performance and this is one of those rare films that make you almost like to get up and shake your fists victorious in the air.
