The combination of reading Novell and watching this movie inspired my wife and I to new levels. Recently, I was considering the statement by Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He states: "You and I were not created to breathe the stinking movement of the fifth hour. I do not think that God had trivial television programs, media noise, worthless shopping and the pollution of the soul when he created the universe .... "I have not seen" The River Goes Through "in a few years, but after considering Kinkade's statement something attracted me to watch the movie with a spiritual eye. I watched it and saw the whole new world of the film that inspired me to read the book (read it). I have always been frustrated in Southern California, but I have somehow become entangled in his materialistic society, the film truly portrays how we really should experience God's work. The combination of Macleans' history and my desire to return to the Northwest made me move to Montana. for my future kids to be able to traverse the landscape, fly with me flies, ride horses on nothing but the open ground and calm lakes on the mountainside. A place where you are rarely worried about crime. I look around SoCal and everything what I see is shopping centers, unfriendly the growling people in Mercedes Bens, kilometers of vehicles on crowded highways, gangs, racial riots on the verge of a violent eruption and all skeptical of each other. <br /> <br /> Besides, the film is very inspiring with brilliant acting and a deep story about the fragile relationships of relatives. There is a lot of deep thinking in this movie. The scenery is worth seeing alone and actually helps ease the tension. You should end this film relaxed but full of insight into your life. The need for a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to really understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, camera angles / movement, etc. This movie is probably not for the crowd who thinks "Fast and the Furious" is the biggest movie . Granted that it was fun but shallow. <br /> <br /> The bottom line: this video helps you understand that life is not about how much money you have or what you have. Rather, it's about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together. QUALITY NOT GUARANTEED
