"Italian" is one of the great or nearly great films from 1915 that are available today. The year was a turning point for a full-length film, especially in America: "Hypocrites" by Lois Weber, "The Cheat" by Cecil B. DeMille and of course D.W. Griffith's "birth of the nation" sets new standards in the field of art. In the same year, Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best photos, "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French series Les Vampires also has its admirers today, although I do not agree with them. The appearance of the full-length film was led by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and to some extent the art moved to the other side of the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The overriding artistic achievement of "Włoski" is the stunning and often innovative cinematography. There are several picturesque sunsets, mobile framing, including a short, overhead shot of the Italian race, to buy a wedding ring and another shot that he keeps on a moving car, and in general, it is wise to use different camera angles and expert lighting throughout. A particularly amazing shot is the approaching of an angry Italian, who is slowly approaching the camera in order to get an extreme close-up, with reference to D.W. Griffith's "Musketeers of Pig Alley" (1912). He is so angry that his surroundings begin to shake around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the operator seems to be unknown. Although the director was not included in the film at the beginning, he is now known as Reginald Barker. Five of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but they are rather uninteresting. Civilization (1916), on which he worked, was a large production, but a deeply flawed movie. By the way, I'm guessing that one or more different operators who worked on "Civilization" also photographed "Italian". <br /> <br /> In addition, all production is very advanced. Venice and New York are well made despite filming in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for ethnic slums in New York). There are extensive flashbacks, though maybe one or two too many. I particularly like the clever framing of the narrative as read in the book by a character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also a leader in the internal, main narrative. Reading the story is further framed briefly by opening at the beginning and closing at the end of the curtain curtains, à la the theater, which is reflected in the internal story during the culmination of vengeance in the child's room, with the opening and closing of the window curtains. Parallel edition, the apparatus dissolves and irises and these are handled professionally. Additionally, Beban and Clara Williams, as his wife, play their parties well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, "Italian" has several disadvantages. The early moments of the film comedy collide rather unharmoniously with the last parts of the raw and heavy melodrama, although environmental changes from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York work well, mainly because they are supported by lighting and photography. The harsh solution of the American dream in this film, reinforced by raw photography, had to be poignant for the immigrant classes, who were then a disproportionately large population of the film audience. Corrigan's character should be more promised; his short introduction to the campaign for another politician seems insufficient for his subsequent central role for the Italian's revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naive or careless not to explain the lack of infant breastfeeding and unjustified faith in the healing power of the other child. In addition to the shortcomings in the plot, "Italy" is exceptionally well made.
