Have you seen The Graduate? He was hailed as the film of his generation. But the river flows through this story of all generations. Long before the figure of Dustin Hoffman fell into the traps of modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul struggled with the same crushing pressures of growing up when they tried to find their place in the world. But how can a place like Montana after World War II be a showcase of the American family at a time when the Wild West still has not disappeared? What did Maclean use, hitting so deeply who we are and what we have to go through to find ourselves? When the film opens, Norman is an old man fishing flies near a rushing river, trying to understand how his own life went. The film is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, against the flow of time and back when it was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of the Presbyterian pastor and devoted mother. The parents fit perfectly with their roles. Mom cares about the house and home. Dad carries out the work of the Lord. The boys wonder what they will be when they grow up. Norm narrowed to a boxer or minister like his father. Having a choice, little Paul would be a boxer because he said his first flyfisher selection does not exist. The boys grow up and get into trouble with their pranks, fight to see who is more difficult and do what the brothers do, all the time going to church and taking part in all other spiritual matters, such as fishing. They are at similar points in their lives before college. But when Norm returns from Dartmouth in six years, things look completely different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master of the angler. Hail of a nearby reporter and journalist who knows every policeman in the rhythm and every judge on the bench. Norman is amazingly well educated for his day, but he has no idea what to do with his life, even when his father congratulates him on what he intends to do. It remains to you that at least to Popów, God will call you to work in your life. But you must be open and ready to receive it - all your life. The father always took his boys to reflect on the banks of the river and contemplate the eternal words of God. "Listen," their father insists. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a stoic cleric. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and although the Macleans are really godly houses that remember the Holy Scriptures, how is it that the family of Fr. Macleana is divorcing? Paul is a real perfection as he fishes the river, but he feels a gamble and drunkenness while his family does not know how to stop him from liquidation, where he seems to be directed. Mom, father and brother seem to have the same quiet desperation, not knowing what to do and why they can not help. Pauly simply throws it away with a smile and his irresistible charm. But the younger brother loses a hug. Norman begins his life on the right track, finding love and a career, but Paul is still slipping. The family who loves him looks helpless. Mother, Father, brother, flound in your own way, trying to help, but not very effectively. How can a family that loves so much be so ill equipped to deal with it? How can one be so inventive and full of grace when he is in God's nature, yet he is somehow incapable or unwilling to conform to the construction of society that God's people have done for themselves? These are all the questions that Norman will consider throughout his life. Eternal words under the smooth stones of the river always haunt him, but they keep their secrets. The film is beautiful to watch. This is certainly the country of God, and filming it won the Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with a story from the book and teases a bit of narrative to follow the emotional pattern that he presents and works well. But go back too and read the book. You will see that Norman has made contact with his older man even deeper than the film might suggest - and you will see places where the words themselves chatting and singing alongside, with the enthusiasm of the river flowing through them, leading into the unknown.
