I read the story of Norman Maclean, and the film did justice to writing Norman Maclean. My husband has a tendency to read it from time to time, and I have read it myself, and the scenes from the movie still come to mind. We have movies with many movies from Redford and we have watched the "River flows through it" many times. Redford is part of the "family" because it is always nearby. We will never get bored of Redford's perception of the writings of Norman Maclean and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me very much about my upbringing because my father had the same calling as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A River Runs Through It", "Methodists are Baptists who can read", a line which is by no means marginal, but I think it's a fun line! My husband and I are well-read Baptists! <br /> <br /> I heard the film critic say that the pace of the film is too slow. I do not agree. In search of inner peace, it is a kind of film that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in the rhythm of three / four metronome. Photography is unique! Acting is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul talked with the boys and wondered if you could be a fly or a boxer! Then as an adult Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is an "ideal guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but he will not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses worms as a bait, also needed help, but would not accept the fact that he needs help. A scene where Paul does not want to eat porridge and the whole family has to wait forever to say grace! Finally, after hours, everyone kneels at the table to say "Grace!" And everyone goes away. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! This scene in which they both love birds and their tattoos on their backs! This is ridiculous! Sunburn! Return to the house where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to cross the railway line! A beautiful dialogue when Norman proposes to Jessie because she wants her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford is doing great as a narrator himself. I could not refrain from comparing Brad with young Redford (Barefoot in the park). Nominated director, producer, actor, he is a visionary who deserves praise for his progress not only in the cinema in the US, but all over the world. I am happy that I can live in the nineteenth hundred, because I saw the beginning of black and white television, films and all technology and special effects, to be able to watch movies at home and live the same age as Redford, because I had the opportunity to see his work. Redford does not need any special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means the line that separates life from death, memories and reality. Redford shows the hands of the Creator so wonderfully and the river flows through him.
