Coonskin can be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like his best job, he's in your face and is not ashamed of her for a second, but unlike some of his other jobs (even when it's at its best, which was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards), it's not too uneven, despite appearances to the contrary. Bakshi obviously takes stereotypes and perceptions of the breed, but otherwise he does something that seems to be a film about free exploitation; blaxploitation almost, although Bakshi does not stop there. If it was just a blaxploitation movement with an ingenious animation, this could be enough for a significant function. But Bakshi's goals are higher: in the 70's, throwing these grotesque and exaggerated images of not only black people but also Italians / mafioso, homosexuals, Jews, all New York types in Manhattan's urban districts realistic. The most normal looking look that is "real" is actually a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> Mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism (eg "Smola" -bigbit, baby "joke, joke, plus a black face), we look at abstraction to a great extent. Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a film like Bamboozled, in transmitting his message, which is why most of Coonskin is a funny work in which some images and things are made, sudden twists and, of course, scenes of awkward behavior ( I loved the scene where three animated characters are talking) with a real white pair in a tuxedo and a dress that looks "colorful" and similar), you just can not laugh too much, it's not just images that are incredibly "exaggerated" in themselves but the script is sharp and this is a key moment for Bakshi, considering that it has a fairly consistent narration to the strings along improvisation and madness. <br /> <br /> live at the first live action, then animation, then extremely clever match two (ironically, what later Bakshi went in a commercial form from Cool World, is done here, and T for less money) and a sharper edge), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside the prison wall for a buddy to escape, and Pappy tells the story of Brother Rabbit who, with Brother Niedźwiedź and Preacher Fox, goes to Harlem and becomes big bandits with Rabbit in direct opposition to the character of the godfather Jabba-the-Hut -esquire. This is of course the start of the Song of the South with an intentional plot and animation of happy-go-lucky, here undressed and shown how rotten and offensive it really is. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi goes to break in combining forms; animated characters stand at the back and move with the background live; when it comes to violence, shots and fights, it is as bloody as it can be in 1975; when the dirty cop is in the bar and is intoxicated, wearing a black face and dress, he travels in a way that even Disney could not reach with Dumbo; boxing match with Brother Niedźwiedź and the opponent, because the culmination is shot in a wild slow motion; archival material appears from time to time in old films, some and some of the 1920s, which are simply tasteless. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick, and more recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin acts first as entertainment and then a second provocation to think about. It is also bold filming on an independent scale; everything from long shots to editing and endlessly distorted heroes' designs (all based on the theme of the song) are served by the thoughts contained in the scenario, where the plot of film B opens much more to interpretation. Call it racist, skip the point; it's like calling Dr. Strangelove pro nomic desolation or slavery of the Confederate States of America. For me it is one of the best satire in history.
