After finally watching Walt Disney's song on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's response to this movie - Coonskin-on Afro Video, which I connected with Google Video. In this sequence, during the live action sequence, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years earlier professionally added Michael to his second name ) how the last two are escaping from prison. During the rehearsal, Pappy tells Randy the story of Brother Rabbit (voice of Tomasz), Brother Niedźwiedz (White) and Preacher Lisa (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of Bakshi's efforts, there is a mix of animation and live action that provides a unique viewpoint for the writer / director who is certainly offending some people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America, who has a huge white blond woman dressed in tight red, white and blue stars and stripes in every respect who holds a small black man and has him in one of the most violent sex ways that were for shockingly funny! There are a lot of such scenes in the painting, of which another, concerning the frontal anatomy of Brother Niedźwiedzia, also made me laugh. There is also a part of the woman who tells the child about the "cockroach" she was friends with and who left her, who touched the part that seemed to be a tribute to the comic artist George Herriman. I was also fascinated by hearing the "Is not No Sunshine" version of Grover Washington Jr. The most interesting part of the picture was seeing Scatman himself with his head in silhouette during the opening sequence, singing and scattering to a song that uses it in a satirical way. When I saw the cover of this VHS movie years ago, he introduced the King of the Rabbit in an insolent mode before what looked like Warner circles with the slogan "This movie offends EVERYONE". This is a sufficient warning for anyone who believes that all cartoons are intended for children. I said that I would definitely recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and any form of animation.
