Stunning realization takes place when there is a phenomenon !! Are firecrackers exploding, witnesses of theft, a hurricane nonchalantly destroying everything on its way, or any other spectacular event !! However, in the case of the Maclean family, wake up was something that was not more complicated than their everyday life. Montana at the beginning of the twentieth century was an environment that was rough and stormy ... The Maclean family consisted of four people, father, minister who was ideologically forced to properly educate his family. His wife was God fearing and duty. The two boys were, well ... BOYS !! .. What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt played in this movie before he was really THE !! Brad Pitt, and his acting in this film was at least noteworthy !!! .. His brother, Norman, was a type of brain, he was moved by emotions that were authentic and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a loser from the offset and lived on the edge ... You would think that Montana in the twenties had nothing like that, but somehow gambling, drinking and brutal confrontations were just as much a part of Paul, just like his fishing fly! ! Fly fishing !! Did I say that? By the way, it was the core of the movie !! Recreation of fly fishing served as a coherent bond that unified the related spirits of the Maclean brothers, and to a lesser extent the father !! Acting in this film would be described as extremely reliable, and the pictures went beyond sensation. Let's put it this way, anyone who sees this movie will want to live in Montana. and turbulence that the Maclean brothers had for a lifetime ... Rarely in the film you are a witness in which feelings immediately evoke stubborn persistence to achieve anything that someone wants to achieve ... Maclean brothers lived a full life and better or worse, father knew that this will be the only way they could both be men ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of Maclean from the perspective of his older brother, Norman ... Norman gets a job at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and marries a woman, in which he will always be in love ... This film also shows that the younger brother, Paul, achieved the goal of his own, being the personification of an unusual fly angler !! The grainy side of life prevails in the existence of a younger brother and evokes an insidious form of consternation for the Maclean family !! As most human shortcomings succeed, the Maclean family brightened stormy waters (literally), and thus established unity as a family, putting the necessary cover on the eyes! <br /> <br /> The end of the movie "River Runs Through It" depicts the epigram of life through the eyes of an older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a condition of perseverance in his retirement! This fate is largely due to the fact that reflection on his life is synonymous with longing for people who have left! Nice memories of brother, his wife, mother and father must now be seen philosophically !! For Norman, his life was degraded to stubborn facts that determined his doubtful look and uncertain solution! Something as simple as the statement "It was your life, and you survived it" is a gloomy memory of the joy, sadness, regret and love that he gave, as well as the recipient !! Best in the last sermon he heard from his father, his father said: "We can love someone completely without their full understanding." Regardless of whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it happened after all! Norman Maclean has to deal with the fact that his life has been divided by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean became a crumbling eight-year-old who polarized virtual applications in his life !! The dark waters of Montana's picturesque rivers serve as a cruel and chaotic end to his years on earth !! Undoubtedly, the very prolific statement "what seems complicated is really very simple," presents a very snappy message in this film ... Put simply ... People and places that were important in Norman's life are now just a bittersweet memory ... .. only painfully intellectual chewing on events that aggravate the haunted waters of the beautiful Montana streams and rivers ... To which, for the whole Maclean family, "all things merge into one and the river flows through it"
