There is a legion Mick Garris who feels he can not make a quality horror if he has to. And, SLEEPWALKERS (.. script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like SLEEPWALKERS, although I am fully aware of the fact that Garris simply says that F # ck is and allows all hell to break down for about fifteen minutes. Forget about the development of a character or story that needs them anyway. It is about violent chaos and a bloody massacre as a pair of "lunatorek" mother and son (... cats-human shapeshifters who suck the life force from virgin innocent women, moving from town to city, living nomadically, really powerful), set their views of a teenager who does not give up without a fight. Before everything is said and done, many will be killed as a mother who will not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris is wasting little time preparing those who will be executed as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), suspecting the handsome American wizard Charles Brady (Brian Krause), to be something completely different from what he claims, he rips his hand and rips his neck. Charles attracts pretty virgins in his arms, drawing energy from them, feeding his hungry mother, Mary (Alice Krige). A fresh new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick) and it seems that it is easy to choose, but it will not be so and when Charles is seriously wounded in battle (thanks to the deputy cat Clovis), Mary's revenge will be collected on all those who will stand in her way. Mary, come to hell or high water, she will regain Tanya to "refresh" her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I fell in love with some of the actresses I watched in movies. Such as Amy Dolenz, I was delighted Mädchen Amick. She's just cute in this movie and I love her biting her lower lip, showing obvious attraction to Charles, unaware of his hidden motives. I just knew that Mädchen Amick would be the queen of screams, but that would not happen. It is a pity, because I would welcome her in this species with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is delicious as a dangerous, damn sexy, but a malicious and malicious bitch who wipes the entire police and poor parents of Tanya in one failure in less than ten minutes. He sticks one back in the back with a corn cob! He bites the fingers of poor Ron Perlman before he breaks his arm (... protruding bone), knocking him unconscious with his own elbow! He throws Mama Tanya through the window after breaking the vase on his father's face! Charles (Cop-kebab!) Stuck in the ear of the deputy, falling on a pencil to get an additional effect. Poor Tanya gets pulled by Mary's hair out of the house, taken to Brady's house and forced into an improvised dance with a crippled monster! The sheriff is thrown on a picket fence and we see cats fighting lunatics as opposed to people. We see the ability of Mary and Charles to "dimming" themselves and their car with the power of invisibility. Screenwriter Stephen King even finds time to join his sequences with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as investigators, Joe Dante and John Landis as photography experts. shot with tongue in cheek, with music appropriately striking this technique home. It's about ultra-violence, simple in this, with some mad behavior and black humor that complements Garris' direction and King's script. The incestuous angle of lunatics is a bit noisy and direct. Without a bit of complexity, this is closer to the mad Maximimum OVERDRIVE King than to his more serious works.
