Batman and Superman. Iconic. The better part of the century. Who does not know these two? There must be an innumerable number of fans who will die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and prepared a trailer for such a film (which does not exist and is not created, let alone by this band). Perhaps what has the greatest impact on it is how it is refined. The cinematography is solid all the time. The editing is in place. Production values, even if the costumes look more like their comic counterparts than those from feature films with these characters, are quite high. It looks quite "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical types fit, as far as I know, in each character. The lines are rationally written. The photos are well thought out, nicely made and quite effective. However, it has problems and despite good looks, it does not match the energy and skills of Grayson (who only had a problem with the unstable movement between the short and the trailer, as well as an unbridled passion leading to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). Acting is probably the most obvious. This is not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or hardly appear on the screen at all do not achieve good results. Actors cast in pieces seem to be chosen more because of how much they resemble the characters they play than their talent. Then there is the letter. Really, conspiracy, well, what is the small amount (this and this character is connected, something about some bad story ...) is fine. There is a problem in the make-up. While most characters seem to fit, Two-Face is, well, the same as cackling crazy (which is simply, as far as I understood, not what this character is) as he was in Batman Forever (and having your work on the presentation of any element of the Batman universe in comparison to the efforts of Joel Schumacher can be considered the greatest insult to the fans). Also placing this character in this place will result in a comparison between this trailer and this film (to be honest, Collora practically * asks * with a similar initial disclosure) to be done, and let's face it, it loses in each Respect. Michael Antonik definitely has no presence on the screen, which is done by Tommy Lee Jones, and makeup (which, as mentioned earlier, is necessary) is not as strong as the one in the film (regardless of whether it was good in the movie is another matter). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be much more in the comic, and get them, their depths, better (not to mention having more skills to come up with an attractive story ... Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), Collora seems to be the one who has access to funds and the one who is more willing to contact (because of having non-indie loans in his filmography) to actually have a chance to make a real function out of his trailer. I'm going to watch Collora's other works. But Fiorella is one of two people whose work will definitely interest me most. I recommend it to fans of the character. 7/10
