I heard about this film while watching "100 Most Metal Moments" VH1. In this segment, Gene Simmons (who played the episode) and several other interlocutors discussed how terrible this movie is. Unlike most people, I'm often more curious about watching movies that have a reputation for being ridiculous than, say, a masterpiece of cinema. The advantage of this attitude is half of the time when I learn that movies are not as close to evil as people said, and I'm enjoying them much more than I expected at first. It was my experience with "Trick or Treat". It is difficult to make a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star, playing one of his old recordings back, without people mocking the premise. Sure, it's certainly a strange assumption, but it has never been done before! Give the filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you want to buy a DVD without having previous knowledge about the film, do not be fooled into thinking that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are stars. However, although Simmons has an ungrateful role, Ozzy has a funny episode as Reverend (that is, Reverend !!) who speaks against heavy metal. First of all, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And secondly, you can not refrain from laughter from irony. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but effective. Acting is pretty good. I've found that the performances are convincing. Teenage characters are extremely banal. So expect an ordinary set of jockeys and suckers. And as in any of these films, a pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the alienated main character, but still goes out with her jockey boyfriend. Why does he come out with such a complete jerk at all? Because the story needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the evil in these movies because I was an outcast in high school. The film kept my interest for most of the time, but the third act is too conventional and made me roll my eyes because there will be one predictable situation after the other. But all in all the film is not bad at all and it's definitely worth to watch it on a rainy day. (7 of 10)
