Undoubtedly the best heavy metal horror from the manic 80s, which does not sound so bad, considering how awful many other entries are in this strange, somewhat scary movie subgroup, such as "Hard Rock Zombies", "Blood Tracks" "," Terror on Tour ", and especially the godless Jon-Mikl Thor, playing the guitar" Rock'n'Roll Nightmare ", had a tendency to be. Besides, this one still deserves props for underestimating spattering and unnecessarily loud special f / x razzle-dazzle in favor of focusing on adolescent high school characters that are presented with greater severity and credibility than the norm for adolescents aged 80 years of targeted fear . What's more, the indicated sardonic parody of both the absurdly stupid metal stupidity of the 80s and the disgusting hypocrisy hypocrisy, entertain conservative stiff people who claimed that this devilish music is very clever and funny (famous feast heavy metal Greed Decade Ozzy Osbourne has a funny role as a slender anti-metal TV evangelist!). <br /> <br /> Marc Price (hopelessly dweeby Skippy in "Family Ties") gives a surprisingly strong and victorious performance as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, a geeky, socially awkward and heavily persecuted heavy metal enthusiast, who is constantly picked up by the spoiled bullies, who make up the majority of students at Lakeridge High School (cruelty and mean humor of high school children is nailed with painfully reliable accuracy). Eddie's life is changing for the worse, when his rock idol, Sammi Curr (an impressive portrait of Tony Fields) is killed in a hotel fire. Hip hop local jockey Nuke (frontman KISS Gene Simmons in a cool episode) connects Eddie with the last unreleased album Sammi, who after reconstituting resurrects the evil spirit of Curr from the dead. Sammi encourages Eddie to be with all the wicked scoffers who make poor Eddie's life the proverbial hell, just to make me docile Eddie the most reluctant future partner. Eddie, who is accompanied by a nice nice girl Leslie Graham (supposedly thought by charming Lisa Orgolini), is to stop Sammi before things get out of hand. <br /> <br /> Intensely directed with the praiseworthy ingenuity and sensitivity according to character, actor Charles Martin Smith (who also briefly appears as a nerdy), elegantly written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson and Rhet Topham, and capable to act in a uniform way from snuff, this sure dream ends with a handful of cool moments of "jump" (scandalous attack in the back of the car through the grotesquely lecherous pace of mutants with long tongues as a definite climax), thrilling sequence of carnival dance slaughter "Carrie ", Neatly used the Halloween setting, revenge has been properly portrayed as a real ugly business and a solid, central message that you should not make a specific person his hero closely due to the calculated anti-establishment attitude that this friend does to qualify for this special status.
