The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836 was the epic movie by John Wayne The ALAMO. In one shot as a director, who temporarily got attached to him financially, Wayne demonstrated that he was talented in making films outside of his iconic acting capability that embodies the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on this film in a review the other night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the screenwriter) touched on a few issues that were rarely mentioned in earlier films about the battle. They brought the issue of slavery. Finally, they also discussed the contribution of the local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the war of independence on a par with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was one weakness in the film (though well hidden). Wayne worked hard to quit correctly, thinking about the many people who had the main roles in it. But he did not really deal with the enemy force leader, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by the unclear actor Ruben Padilla (on this board his thread shows only the three credits mentioned). Padilla did not have a spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And although he has one of the last shots in the film, he is simply shown as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite some weak choices in the casting for this TV movie (ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAYS TO CLAWS), this is the best film showing a man who was (from 1836 to 1854) the leading bogeyman of American decision makers. Raul Julia was a great stage actor. I was lucky to see him in the production (in the late 1980s) of ARMSA and MAN in Manhattan, as Sergiusz. He was never boring and usually the first in his game. <br /> <br /> Here we see a selfish monster in its worst. Nothing is acceptable, which does not fit the wishes and activities of Santa Anna. It may be a failure of the ordinary in the army to bring the desired object quickly enough, or it may be the desire of these "foreign robbers" (as he saw the Americans) so that he does not break himself, "Napoleon of the West". <br /> <br /> Santa Claus was president of Mexico five or six times in 1830-1855. He claimed that he was involved in the overthrow of the president for the first time because the president did not meet the country's constitution, but it made him walk year after year. the commentary is that he was the leading historical figure in Mexico during these twenty years. No political or military figure would replace him until Benito Juarez did it at the end of the 1850s, initially claiming he had great liberal ideals, but he once admitted that the people of Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they could rule themselves (and therefore sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS, talking about the people he helped lead against Jose Ferrer). It was amazing that he managed to come back. His policy was a catastrophe. While we know of his attack on Texas (to suppress revolt there), he also tried to expand to Guatamala (and probably saw himself controlling much of Central America). He won at the Alamo, but at the expense of his life. His massacre of Colonel Fannin's men in Goliad was unforgivable (one could argue for the destruction of the Alamo defenders who fought to the last, but Fannin gave up). Then came the San Jacinto catastrophe, where his army was destroyed (he did not take the necessary precautions to look after American troops). He was captured and humiliated and forced to sign Texas surrender. Houston was kind to him: the soldiers wanted to hang him. <br /> <br /> With the exception of a defeat in the battle with the French in 1838, he failed to wound in most wars. He rejected the forced surrender of Texas, but he could not bombard him. Instead, he would lead Mexico to defeat in the war 1846-48 against the Americans, leading to the Mexican session. The United States was "decent" to pay USD 15 million for the southwest, Mexico, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be the president for the last time in 1853. To give the frightening poor administration of Franklin Pierce a moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden purchase") to the USA. (even Porfirio Diaz) never cost his country so much (Diaz sold himself to foreign business interests, but he built Mexico's economic muscles this way). He was banished in 1855 and settled on Staten Island. There he managed to do the most creative work: he introduced a chicle to the USA and became a chewing gum. Certain achievement! <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than a practicing cynic and intrigue who became the best agent to buy land in America. He does not intend to oppose the opposition, and in the blink of an eye jumps into fury. Most of the time his chief adviser, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British officer), keeps his tongue - he does not want to be in front of the firing squad as he can be. But Stiers is secretly less than charmed by his boss. Finally, when alone with the newly widowed wives of the dead Alamo defenders, Stiers suggests that they tell the world how Santa Anna really is. And they did it!
