TRICK OR TREAT is a great example of the Hollywood jump for the fashion of "backward news in metal music", which Tipper Gore and her Washington Wives started in the mid-80s (other, less successful entries in this mini genre include terrible BLACK ROSES and stupid THE GATE) . I was a second year high school student when TRICK OR TREAT went out and I could not wait. At the end of the 1980s, it seemed that it disappeared from video stores, but in the end, soon after that I found an inexpensive copy of the DVD, which restored many pleasant metal memories from that time. Any teenage metal nerd could refer to Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer's attempts (Marc Price of "Family Ties") in this film because he is persecuted by the "beautiful" people in his high school for his heavy metal fashion and musical taste. Eddie's favorite rock star is Sammi Curr (who looks very much like Tommy Lee from Motley Crue) who died in a hotel fire at the beginning of the movie. Eddie is inconsolable until he gets a sample press of the final, unreleased Sammi album from radio DJ (Gene Simmons of Kiss in a short episode). Eddie soon discovers that this LP, when played back, allows him to communicate with the spirit of the undead Sammi Curr! Soon Sammi gives Eddie advice on how to deal with his preppie torture, but when the news grows in horror ("Waste'em ALL ... no false metal!") Eddie tries to destroy the album, which causes Sammi to come back to life with the help of speakers Eddie stereo. Sammi goes crazy to dance in Eddie's high school and goes on stage to wake up the crowd and break up some unlucky "fake metalheads" before Eddie comes to save the day and the girl of his dreams. (SIGH) No, it's not terribly frightening in 2006, it was not even scary in 1986, but TRICK OR TREAT is a film that will bring a smile to every 80's metalworker and has a great soundtrack courtesy of the iconic Fastway band . It's worth checking if you've ever hit your head or felt like a B-class horror movie (or both like me).
