I must admit that I have always had a hard time watching Antonioni's film from the beginning to the end on the first try, and even in this case I have repeatedly watched it in three parts. In the end, I realized that maybe it was better because it forced me to stop thinking in ordinary plot categories and just enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, it only requires more effort to track it. When it reaches the desert scenes, all efforts are paid off in full. Stunning cinematography is just part of what really makes it unforgettable how the landscape transforms into an overwhelming presence, silence and vastness, a sense of sadness and freedom, the way it connects and contrasts with the two young figures. The desert is dead, but at the same time it is less distant and alien than the urban scenes from the first part. The dance between the flying plane and the girl's car gives a series of great shots. The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it is difficult to imagine such an approach from the film of our times. Of course, there is something very stylish and studied in them, but at the same time they can express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence, which is very rare these days. All this seems loose and unpraised (also due to underappreciated acting), but it is the result of manic care for details and a form that reaches its climax in a series of explosions at the end, a truly mesmerizing spectacle. It just impresses you. <br /> <br /> I really do not care about the usual accusations: boring - yeah, that's true if you want all movies to follow the classic development of the story and be packed with a replay action, but if all the cinema was like that, it's really boring and sad; pretentious - maybe, but when this kind of ambition is combined with actual skills, depth and style, pretentious is a compliment. "Political" criticism has the least sense for me, I do not see the sense of approaching such a film with ideological blinds or inferior patriotic requirements. It just overcomes the goal. Perhaps it is true that, as noted by the previous commentator, Antonioni looked at these young "hippies" and the policy of protests and riots with the police with the fascination of a foreigner, but I think that adds something and does not harm the film. It is not true that the hippies did not exist at that time in Italy (think about the protests of 68 years, as in France), although they were clearly different from the American counterpart and in some respects even more militant. But his interest in this film was not strictly political. Events seem to be a pretext for a film whose attractiveness has universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special distinction for a fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the earliest precursors of the contemporary "artistic" music video, as well as the concept of a soundtrack to a film that would become independent, but unlike the first, it uses music in a much more subtle way, combining it with the landscape, not with the action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional narrative in a movie, do not worry. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
