When this movie was filmed, the hippie became the mainstream. The ideas of the adversarial culture were well-established, which is why it was possible to create such a big movie. And yet he has something to say and is really beautiful. In addition to those who are just waiting for the vending material, this film is rewarded for its beautiful scenes (which in itself is more than a sufficient reason to see the movie). The soundtrack for this movie, which has become more popular than the film itself, is another plus. "Carefully with this Eugene ax" Pink Floyd fits perfectly with the explosion, the lack of music in other scenes gives the film a nice, calm mood. But. It seems that the news in this video has been overlooked by the majority. If you do not understand what seems most likely to be, I'll give you some tips: a man (a tough guy, what's his name, Mark?) Is part of the "reality group". He leaves the group saying something like, "I am ready to die. But not out of boredom. " Then he goes on a ride with a stolen plane, probably to take action. When in the air, the Dark Star Grateful Dead (from Live / Dead album) is played (I think). This song contains the phrase "Let's go to you and me while we can," but you can not hear it in the movie. (Maybe stretching it a little too far, which means that the quote is necessary?) On the plane checks the girl (Daria) who drives his car to the conference (giving typical suburban families the possibility of living in a super relaxing place in the desert, where everything it's so simple and nice. For the whole family!), diving down, almost hitting the car. The plane is landing and joins the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabriskie point, where they enjoy themselves as living creatures and nature. Later, a family with a big car (the type in which you sleep) and a motorboat is shown during a visit to Zabriskie Point, and the father says something like "what a loss goes all the way here" and the child sits in the car smiling. I sensed that "it was not much better than television." Daria takes Mark back to the plane, which is now painted in a psychedelic style, with an identification number changed to "without war" on the one hand and "no words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to the place where he stole it, saying to Daria, before he leaves "no risk" or something like that, one of the few tips that he does not care too much about his destiny. (That's because he has the impression that the environment that surrounds him gives him nothing- "I wonder what is happening in the real world"). At the airport, he is met by police officers who shoot at him, although he has just returned by plane. Daria hears it on the radio, but decides to go to a conference in an elegant residence. Here, he feels alien after adventures with his dead friend. Enjoys the sweet water running down the rock, more than the pool. At home, the viewer once again sees an allusion to anti-materialism. It looks through the glass wall, keeping hands on the glass, as if it were trapped. You can see that businessmen are arguing, one side wants to do something great, the other is afraid to lose money. Daria leaves the house and looks at her, imagining that she is blowing herself up. Other things break out after the house, such as a television set. He smiles, happy that he has what he sees as something negative after his meeting with Mark. <br /> <br /> In conclusion: Mark, of course, experiences the "reality group" as not very useful, because they just sit and speak without taking any action. He clearly feels bad feelings about things as they are, and he seems to feel that there is no point in fighting them. I want to leave. He helps Daria, who "means, but not in action", seeing his point. Where his sense of mismatch proves to lead to his death, one can hope that Daria will use ideas in a way that will be more constructive. In the movie you see how the city (LA) is polluted by advertising (it's a pity you have to show an advertisement to understand it), you see business people who decide what the future is and so on and you see that people are unhappy with these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I only saw this movie once, so I did not get all the points, but I certainly have an impression of what this movie has to say and it seems strange to me that this movie can be called meaningless. If you say that the points are too obvious, I can see why this movie was aimed at appealing to post-hippie radicals "digging" the anti-establishment's ideas. Still, he has a lot to say and his message is still needed, and things evolve in the same direction as the 1960s. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie, telling the story of quite normal young people (not far hippies who stumble on their fingers after acid, copy everything) looking for what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with conventionality. And it is done in a really beautiful way.
