I was told that it is one of the films "either you love or you hate". Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie epoch, outdated and easy symbolism and everything. So I probably do not have any taste when it comes to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly ten years earlier) are my favorite among his films so far. Made two years before my birth, Zabriskie Point was to be the great American epic of Michelangelo. But apparently it turned out to be a flap. I really do not understand why. Before I watched it, I read that it was rather boring, so I prepared myself for a very slow movie - although I love a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a boring minute. Watching him, I remembered how European it was for the director to use billboards in almost every urban scene so often, huge billboards outshone every human form in sight. This repetitive visual element is, of course, to emphasize the way consumerism destroys an individual in American society. But then I looked at L'Eclisse right after that, which takes place in Rome in the early 1960s and I noticed that Antonioni also often contained billboards in it. After all, the masterful use of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in every cage with or without people is Antonioni's trademark? in this way, it evokes the psychic states of its heroes, with more or less understated power and a perfect visual effect. He is practically unmatched in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point played two very attractive routes, which should become big stars of the '70s, but they never did. Mark Frechette, whom I saw in the great film Francesco Rosi from the First World War, Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life and died at the age of only 27 years. According to him, he gave his $ 60,000 earnings from the Zabriskie community to his biography. Co-founder of Mark, Daria Halprin, apparently also the wife of Dennis Hopper, has the stunning natural beauty and charm of young Ornella Muti? one of those luminous beauties who do not need a bit of makeup to get their attention. Like Frechette, she only honored a few little-known films and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. First of all, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that brings to mind the sense of youthful fun that few people have seen - and also a very cleansing ending. It may be the most banal sequence ever made when it comes to its symbolism, but I can not see how anyone can deny her beauty and the wonderful sense of emotional release. Never an explosion looked so good and poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order and does not bring chaos.
