I do not see too many times when I see a movie and go, "what, what?" But it was one of them. Maybe after watching Zabriskie Point I felt the same way as Woody Allen after watching 2001 - he liked the movie after watching it three times in two years, realizing that the filmmaker overtook him in what was going on. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to make films in the United States (after "Red Desert", "Blow-Up", "China" and "Passenger", all shot outside of his native Italy), I felt that he almost tried to find out about through the country's own mastery of the medium. The results show that he does not lack the means to present images, feelings, sounds, colors, sounds and visual representations of this era. "It's the director's job to see," Antonioni once said. Whatever it means, he does not disappoint a devotee of his work after fifty (I say over fifty, since I have not seen any of his films from before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> He lacks a point, at least one that he could bring in Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You have an impression of what is around these characters, what topics bring their awareness, but in this case the characters and actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, from the school of hard-knock, neo-realistic filmmaking, does what he can with his unprofessional cast (those who look like real actors are subordinated to the roles of corporate characters), but two stars, Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin they seem to be directed by Antonioni. Maybe that was it. Divided into three parts, fortunately it is not too misleading because Mark escapes from the boiling, dangerous life on campus near LA in the 1960s, and Daria is sent from Los Angeles to go to Phoenix for a business meeting. They meet by chance as a Mark plane (where does he know how to drive, maybe some information in the background?), And Daria's car meets and spend some time together in an existential style in the desert. In addition to the sexually hypnotizing sex scene, most of this act is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> Both wires are just enough to look at them, but what exactly attracts them to each other except curiosity? Ideas that appear (partly based on the script written by Sam Shepard) are not very revealing, except for one short moment in which drugs and reality are brought up. Then the movie moves towards the third act, because Mark decides to do the right thing in a catastrophic situation, and Daria appears in the place of her boss, only to be completely disappointed (not taking into account the last infamous five minutes) cinematography). Although the film devoted its time to telling its story, I did not have such a big problem with it as the fact that history involves only a kind of spectator. I understand and feel the feelings, doubts and fears, as well as the self-confidence of the "anti-establishment", but maybe Antonioni is not fully aware of this. In some scenes as a director and editor (and often the astounding photos of Alfio Contini) scenery and backgrounds are more enlightening and refreshing than people in the foreground. Not to mention that the technical side of Zabriskie Point is not connected to any degree (it can make them feel drowsy, because Antonioni is probably much bigger as a documentarian, because he is a theater director, as Francis Ford Coppola says). <br /> <br /> Deserts, the sky, the city, and even faces in close-ups are filmed by the eye of a lover filmmaker in the art of acquiring things in the frame, bringing us. The soundtrack is also fascinating, with a masterful blow, in this sweet piece of Rolling Stones at one point, followed by the crushing, surrealist song Pink Floyd (again titled "Watch Out With This Ax Eugene, One Of The Best Before The Dark Side" In The Explosion Sequence. only the performances were not so one-sided, I could be on par with Blow-Up or The Eclipse. On the one hand it's an unconventional blow of genius and on the other a boring approach to what was the hippie / radical movement of the late 60's. what can be boring to an American like me born in the eighties can not be for others outside of the US, as in Italy, for example, and it does not require an immediate rejection after one look.
