I know it is an unpopular position regarding Zabriskie Point, but I LOVED the movie. I know, I know - I can rightly be called Antonioni's fanatic. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger). Antonioni's only movie I do not love, the only one I've ever spent less than 8/10 (and one of the three that I gave less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse are the other two, though I fully admit that I need them see Beyond the Clouds again, which can be called a terrible movie, but there is no better movie if you catch my drift So if you're NOT a fan of Antonioni, ignore me logically If you're even a fan and wonder if this particular movie whose name, when pronounced, is often accompanied by spit, generally despised by even Antonioni's devotees, it is worth seeing at all, the answer is TAK. <br /> <br /> Okay, reason, for which people have a tendency to hate, the fact is that 99% of film observers care ONLY for the narrative of the film.It's not entirely true if the film is amazing in a particular aspect, such as Acting or cinematography or director rii and simply decent in their narrative, film observers may like it very much. But the movie can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical history - it's another thing that has ruined the cinema over the years: logic - then you absolutely hate the movie. In a sense, I will agree with this. Although I may not like it and I want to change my view, it is really difficult to love a film whose narrative I see as poor. However, other people get upset with a loose narrative. This must certainly draw viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could tell you a story, but you'd probably think it was nonsense. Actually, it is, but for me it all made the whole venture more fantastic and beautiful. Actually, I would compare it to 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is completely consistent compared to the story about this film. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point has a mood in mind. Music helps a lot; the score contains many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to the moods of other Antonioni's masterpieces, filled with loneliness and desolation. Also the freedom that follows. The best sequence in the movie is when the main man and woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name) are staying in my car next to the historic marker on the desert highway. In addition to the stone wall that has been erected, you can not push cars, an ancient lake. It's basically a rocky desert, and they both play in it. The setting is amazingly beautiful. The woman says: "This is such a beautiful place. What do you think about it? "Man:" I think he is dead. " There is no inclination to whether it is a good thing or a bad thing. This is very similar to the sentiments expressed in other films by Antonioni - characters constantly want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the hero of the "Passenger" who is fed up with journalism, we have a young hippie who is ill with his friends' policies - thinks they speak too much and do not act according to what they think is right, or at least he says Yes. It seems to me that he just wanted to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The movie is simply amazing visually. All Antonioni's films can be identified by several frames, but his visual style has always developed. I like Passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point may be his best achievement in this aspect. Well, it may sound strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are incredibly vivid. I think that camera movements are especially amazing. Apparently he made a lot of money on Blowup, which was the biggest hit of the day in history, the biggest one at that time. He spends it here well, especially with his arrows from the air. One of the biggest sequences of the movie is a man who stole a man's private car, bombing Daria in his car. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can quite criticize is the film's policy. They are certainly easy. It's not that the hippies were easy, but the vision of Antonioni's hippies - of course they were not in Italy - is bizarre and, well, filtered by the eyes of a foreigner. There is quite a childish critique of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists. I say, can people ignore this? What does it hurt? Do you go and buy things you do not want because of billboards? Or there is also criticism of capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals land in the desert - the land she and the man enjoyed for themselves - to create cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very unappreciated actor whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The ending I will not ruin - you must see it - is almost offensive cheap. However, I can understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I generally despised them, but then they were terrible. They can still be terrible. They always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These trivial arguments against the American way of life still have little influence on my opinion about the film. I think this filtered image of America is extremely interesting. I really do not think the hippie would agree with Antonioni. 10/10
