If Saura had not done it before, Iberia would be a milestone. He still deserves to be included to honor the great director and the great film conservator of Spanish culture, but he has done so many things and although we can boast of the wealth he has given us, we must choose and choose favorite and high points among similar films, including Blood Wedding ( 1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saury's flamenco from 1995 as its most unique and powerful cultural documentary, next to which Iberia pales. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of music by Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and in particular his apartment "Iberia" for piano. Isaac Albéniz contributed to the externalization of the Spanish musical culture - its reformatting for the non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in the early 1930s and was influenced by French composers. His package "Iberia" is an ingenious synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Ducas and d'Indy. He traveled around doing his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenised as Ravel's Bolero, but moving in this direction. Of course, the Spaniards took over Albéniz, and artists in Iberia reinterpret his compositions in terms of different ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is the tamed and diluted form of the Spanish musical and dance culture compared to the echoes of the Spanish pure flamenco. Flamenco, originating in the Andalusia region, is a deeply felt amalgam of the Gitan, Hispano-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply a peninsula comprising Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept itself is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Flamenco Saury is an inexorable intense ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and this noble, noble style, which is the essence of the Spanish style, just like a man and a woman are proud of each other bordering on arrogance and elegance and panache - even bullfights and toreros are full - in a series of electric sequences without entry or exit; they are simply. Saura has always emphasized his amazement with his collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his flamenco from 1995, he abandoned all appearances of the story and simply has singers, musicians and dancers moving and coming out of a great sound stage with nice lighting and screens, apartments and mirrors arranged by the operator Vittorio Storaro, another important Spanish filmmaker collaborators. The beginnings and endings of sequences in flamenco are often rough but climatic, marked only by the rumbling and rustling of shuffling feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie feeds when the show ends, and the dancer bends, sighs or laughs; or someone says something unexpectedly. In Flamenco, more than in other Saury music films, it is an intense, intense interaction of singers and dancers and rhythmic clapping of observers of participants chanting an impulsive olé, meaning "story" and creating magic. Because Saura really did magic, or maybe best, when he abandoned any conventional history. <br /> <br /> Iberia is similar in style to some of Saury's clearest music films: no narration, no dialogue, only short titles indicating the type of song or region, starting with a pianist playing Albeniza music and gradually passing to a series of dance sequences and a small singing. In flamenco music the basic element is a voice without accompaniment, and this voice is the most characteristic and unique contribution to world music. It refers to other songs from other ethnic groups, but nothing equals its raw, noisy, unique, ugly-beautiful scream that does not let you do anything, but you listen to it with the greatest care. Then he comes to clapping and stamping with his foot, and then dancing combined with other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saury's flamenco, you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a little disappointed. The style is there; some great voices, dance and music are there. But the source and the concept of Iberia doom it to less power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
