Students often ask me why I chose this version of Othello. The text of Shakespeare is heavily truncated, and the film contains material that earned him an "R" rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First, I did not see the performance of Maura, which actually came to be sympathetic to Othello, until I saw Fishburne play it. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing in Othello and Iago on Broadway and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But despite the amazing presence of Jone both physically and vocally, the character he played seemed too passive to forbid me to completely cleanse in the Aristotelian sense. Jones actually confirmed what I felt when in one of the interviews he noticed that he played Othello as passive - seeing that Iago basically doing it. Unfortunately, it saddened my regret for destroying the character. In this way, I felt compassion for Jone's heath, but not for a horror movie because of its corruption by an evil man. In contrast, Othello Fishburne is a strong and energetic figure familiar with taking action. So the temptation of Iago to actively deal with what is presented to Othell as his wife's unfaithfulness is a perversion of the general's positive quality to be active, not passive.1 The horror of this story is that this good quality in Othello becomes perverted. Fishburne's performance is therefore classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Second, Fishburne is the first black actor who played Othello in the movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made great movie versions, but they were white men on a black face.2 Why is this important? Why would a black actor be Black on stage? 3 Certainly in Shakespeare's day, they used a black face, just like the boys did the girls. Maybe the reason is the same. Actresses assume the roles of women on the Shakespearean stage because they understand best what Shakespeare's genius tried to portray. A talented black actor should play on the moor, because his experience in a white-dominated culture is crucial to understanding what Shakespeare's genius recognized: the pain of being marginalized by race. An important topic in Othello is the isolation caused by racism. Although it is a mistake to place American racism in Shakespearean art, there is no doubt that racism still works among the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, believe that the union of a white Venetian Christian and a black Christian from North Africa is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, Shakespeare has never been assessed. He never was. His stage productions have always been characterized by violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements not as sensationalism but as artistic honesty.
