I was lucky that tonight I caught this movie on Turner Classic films, because it is one of the films that won the Oscar (for special effects) in their annual month of Academy Awards. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily the sequel to the previous success of MARY POPPINS. This film was also a great success and Oscar winner (best actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS, BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in the role in which he learns about parenting. It's a great mix of action and live animations. It is embedded in the past period of British history (if not in the Edwardian - Georgian world of 1912 in London, it is the coast of England during the "Dunkirk" in the summer of 1940). He even has old Reginald Owen, here as a general in the Home Guard, while previously he was Admiral Boom at MARY POPPINS. Ironically, this was the last role of Owen. <br /> <br /> The sequences of Home Guard (not much in the film) resemble the British series DAD'S ARMY, dealing with the problems of the local house guard in the first years of war. This period is also well suggested by the appearance of three Rawlins children as war orphans after the bomb attacks in Blitz, London. And (in a typical Disney way) in the musical number "Portobello Road" different members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (with metal drums yet!)) Appear with Scottish and local costume aids. <Br /> <br /> Everything that is surprising is a plus. But the biggest advantage is that for Angela Lansbury her performance as Eglantine Price is finally her only real film guide. In the notable acting career, Lansbury never got a real career in music, which she deserved as aunt Mame in the musical MAME, which appeared shortly after BEDKNOBS. She played vocals (in GASLIGHT with her UP IN A BALLOON BOYS, and in THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY from LITTLE YELLOW BIRD and - best of all - supporting and finishing THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final repetition of NA ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND SANTA FE). But only here the woman plays the main. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we lost when she was not playing at Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is pretty good, Tomlinson is learning here that he can rise to the occasion after a period of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) showed more interesting sides of their heroes than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (in particular, Weighill, as something from the beginning of opportunist thinking about blackmailing Lansbury after she learned that there is a witch). The only surprising waste (probably because of the scene cut) is Roddy McDowall as a local vicar who appears only in two sequences of the film. With his possible role the disapproving enemy of spells should have a greater role. It is also worth paying attention to John Ericson, a German officer who raids the end of the movie, but turns out to be more powerful than he ever imagined in the British village, and Sam Jaffe as a magic competitor, the formula Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> When it comes to animation, two sequences under the sea surface in the lagoon and the wildest soccer game ever drawn are worth seeing, because Tomlinson pulls into the other as a judge and becomes beautiful misbehaving in different accusations and fights. As I said, this is a great sample of Disney's best works.
