It is great to watch Roshan Seth (the raw father in 1992 "Mississippi Masala"), who once again takes on the role of father and head of the family, and more, IN THIS LONG TRAVEL, taking place in 1971 in Mumbai, India. In addition to closely related family conditions, topics include lost and found friendship; an unexpected death of a friend (somehow the calm, smiling face of a friend to death in the presence of prayers was calm - similarly Gustad Noble, the character of Roshan, also remarked); the sidewalk artist's chain of events - "the wall as a latrine turned into a chapel in rumbling and throbbing" was both prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and daughter; daughter, father and mother; long-time colleagues; long lost friends dear; even a man with a man, the one whose innocent "fool". <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film's era, it is a colorful film rich in content and strength, a story in the textural layers with humor and tension. For a director who is not an Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is an Icelander), he made a political Indian / Pakistani film. He gets to the marrow of the life of this Parsi incarnated in the form of Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtlety and joy. (There is also a song.) The rest of the cast is just as strong: from Om Puri, a mysterious friend of a friend; Soni Razdan, a lasting wife; Vrajesh Hirjee, the oldest son quarrelsome; Dastor himself, a longtime colleague from the office; Ranjit Chowdhry the pavement artist; to the superstitious "witch" of a neighbor's woman; an unbridled "fool" of a man; and long lost friend - it is a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson showed sensitivity in treating this period, and the subject was well researched with attention to detail. He is lucky to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") He wrote the script. It is a journey worth a trip worth a trip. <br /> <br /> Along the culture exploration line (style of the road movie) Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic stay about a Japanese young man who crossed the globe in search of a specific place to pay his last respects to parents, obediently following the rituals of the memory of the dead. Such demonstrated respect and intercultural attention to family ties are heart warming and cyber-age on this day.
