Released just before the trial with the Production Code in July 1934, the musical star Mitch Leisena Paramount is very suggestive - some even claim to be misogynistic - and very funny. Two murders take place on the day of the release of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), But that does not stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from putting on a performance when a lusty police detective (Victor McLaglen) is investigating. Everyone is hiding something, and Gypsy Rose Lee had to see the secret of murder behind the scenes before she wrote "The G-String Murders", because the solution is similar (though more satisfying). Gertrude Michael, as a malicious diva, stops the performance (in more than one way) with his exotic number "Sweet Marijuana", and Duke Ellington ends the cut "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The song "Cocktails For Two" comes from this movie. The bizarre and bawdy camp classic is especially recommended! This is Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934. <br /> <br /> Piruet of Earl Carroll's carefully selected beauties on the screen of Graumana United Artists on a fig leaf and not much more. But September Morn herself never had a better shape than the charmers that were created to please the eye, especially the eye of a tired businessman. But do not think for a moment that Mr. Carroll's girls, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what I mean - a murder mystery included in the music program. Everything happens on the opening day while the game is in progress, and the search for the killer continues. By suspense, the cop threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in the policemen. He tries to track down the murderer all the time, keeping an eye attached to the beauty of the choir. The murder mystery is good, except for a solution that is quite flat. Probably a faulty direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is as melodramatic as the heroine in ten, twenty and thirty performances. It is not without reason that he evaluates the endless rapprochement in the great dramatic scene. Girls' teams are good, and the relief from inevitable shots in advance is a positive relief. The costumes are beautiful; in fact, it is a musical that Paramount can feel on its account. As for Carl Brisson - he would be an addition to any program. Handsome, with a delightful voice and an easy, sure way, he is his press agent. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the lead role in the series. Gertrude Michael, as a stupid villianess, gives an interesting, though fictitious portrait. Jack Oakie, as the stage manager, is the same old, wise Jack, but we would not change him. Jessie Ralph is perfect as a dressmaker. Others in the cast include Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screen game is Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and the director is Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics are by Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER IN WANIAN, there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon, the Paramount Chronicle and a two-armed, INCORRECT DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I do not agree with Lolly on the solution, it is satisfying if the top. Why would she blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the ending of the story - or the way it was staged? And what is "ten, twenty or thirty show"? Pay attention to the swipe taken in Busby Berkeley and his "shots from above". Although it is difficult to believe today, the audience has been tired of Buzz 'schtick until May 1934. Mitch Leisen said: "If you're showing a stage performance to be in the theater, you should stay within the bend of the proscenium, not the routine Buzz Berkeley with the set design that's big. <br /> <br /> Q: Do not you think that Berkeley's spectacular effects justify this freedom? ML: Apparently they did it because they revive all his photos and none of them are mine, but I personally do not like it.
