I have read many comments about the film and how difficult it is for people to believe that this is Henry Fool's continuation, and although technically speaking, I think that Fay Grim must be seen as a completely different film. Just because it is a sequel does not mean that it must be a direct continuation of the first one and I liked it so much. The main goal of the film was to change direction from the first, which makes sense, because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it is Fay Grim. Apart from everything, I thought that the film was so well made and thought out that it surprised me. I was expecting to borrow another movie that will be released almost straight to the video, and I will have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and it's almost hard to follow the story (aka the last direct movie about Oh in Ohio), but it was so surprisingly good concentrated that it almost does not look like what I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in creating a movie and writing that I want to see it in movies, but I never do it. The photos were brilliant because of the simplicity and really make the movie appear "bleak" in the whole setting. Writing was so well connected that anyone who said that this movie is not as witty as Henry Fool must watch and listen again; I can hardly even begin to explain how funny and appropriate it was. And Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene where Fool and Jalal were talking in the dark was so addictive and emotional. And I thought that spying in the whole movie was so much fun and on the spot (from the perspective of time, because I agree that sometimes I felt lost in you). The most important thing that struck me so much in the film, and I believe in the heart of the film, was Parker's love and naivety to Fool, who was so endearing and turned away, so quickly, from denial to open passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Of course there were things that were not perfect, but nothing is perfect; some of the actors were poor, and sometimes I thought that some of the new stories and dialogues on terrorism became a bit difficult to follow and got out of control, but in the end you got it and you did not even mind that the time when she could slip out of your understanding. (It may also be related to Goldblum's tendency to speak very quickly). Overall, I would say that it was probably one of the best films I've seen this year; stylistically nice, wise and witty writings, performances so impressive that I have now gained a new respect for some actors and a really moving film, and do not forget the total departure from the Fool. That was it.
