Generally speaking, Fay Grim is a very funny thriller with two of the most unbelievably pleasant names in American movies, the unwaveringly beautiful and gracefully brave Parker Posey and the infinitely charismatic and inevitably funny Jeff Goldblum. They have many scenes in the first half of the movie, in which we see how these two insatiable presence salvate each other, even radiating gracefully when Goldblum stands out from Hartley's shameless epic information. Nevertheless, if someone deconstructed Fay Grim, one could see many cases in which innumerable scenes could be squeezed for many more benefits than in the end. <br /> <br /> This filmed joke is a continuation of Henry Fool's Hal Hartley, which was created ten years earlier. She has the title character Posey, forced by the CIA Goldblum agent to track down the notebooks, which were valuable assets of her missing escaped husband, the titular anti-hero of the predecessor. Information is available in them that could ensure the security of the United States. Fay for the first time makes Paris acquire them, but is absorbed by honest celebrations of spy stereotypes, including everything from car bombs to ambiguous helpers who follow the girl to a double cross for three crosses. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of all this is for me that this is an innovative approach to the continuation of the movie about garbageman and the fighting novelist in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman leading a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many other independent novices in the 90s, but I admire his wild creativity in creating her unintended sister Nearne, giving her terrible trouble, as in the case of her character brother, James Urbaniak, in Henry Fool, because she is trapped between whether she can still love her overpowering refugee, and the problematic but strong plans of Goldblum. <br /> <br /> Hartley, however, simply goes on this fragmented idea. His plot, though complicated and labyrinthine, faithful to the form of a spy film, seems to be completely capricious. The reason why I was not bored was, above all, the pace at which history evolves, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's cast is that I can not please the rest of them. It has nothing to do with how unclear it is compared to the relative stellar power of the two mentioned charmers, but with how they do not seem to hold them side by side, although Saffron Burrows is certainly approaching. Most scenes unrelated to Posey or Goldblum are too light on their feet, connecting us with the information that we have no choice but to listen or be completely lost in the next sequence of scenes. They are almost entirely tiled, as if Hartley compensated for this intransigent feeling of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, playing now the teenage son of Fay and Henry, has some attraction to him, he seems wise beyond his years, certainly much smarter than any of the adult heroes. Perhaps Hartley intended, or maybe just Aiken's presence. The problem with Hartley's film is that you never know what was intentional and what's going on. As Scorsese said: "Cinema is a matter of what is in the frame and what is outside." You need to be sure that what we see is a deliberate decision of the filmmaker to stay in the finished movie.
