Okay, this movie is a representation of a few things. At the beginning, the film is about a dissatisfied student who brings a weapon to school and shoots about 9 students. One student survives and stays in the hospital with extensive head injuries. The main character is what some people think of as "loner / gotha", despite the fact that the film does not mention it. She seems quite mysterious, but she was also the only intact student in the victims' class. He is interrogated because of the history of the shooter's knowledge and registering with him on the phone the previous evening. In any case, he is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some, at the first unexplained events, she spent about a year outside of school, not including grades. He has the desire to graduate from school, and the principle practically limits it to the only possible way he can go to spend time with the survivor, a girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two leads are almost completely opposite and are quite so at the social level. While Alisha is a quiet, internally disturbed, antisocial "goth" girl who spends her time completely alone (although it seems that she reads quite often, like a cabinet / bookcase), the second girl is rich, popular "champagne" "A girl who always seems incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. I consider both of these roles to be a great job of representing THE MOST "CLICK" in modern high school, but more importantly shows how two completely opposite girls who know nothing about each other eventually open up. While an injured girl learns the deep, meaningful truth about her once-protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that abandoning society completely and blocking everything inside is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people will look to the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Or a snobbish, hateful girl who wants his rest of the world to suffer like her, taking her away from an innocent girl, or the story of a seemingly trapped, fantasized girl who meets an outcast in society and not only a judge, but maybe one of the most intelligent people he knows. In other words, people can see this movie as focusing on Alisha teaching a second girl a lesson about life, but that's not the point. <br /> <br /> This movie is about a few things. Although it's all I've said, it's also representative of how people deal with a big, life-changing disaster. Really, this movie is not too symbolic, but it is incredibly simple with your message, unless you are afraid to open your mind and heart to certain emotions that you may not know so wonderfully. <br /> <br /> In general, the movie is one of the best I've seen. Acting is brilliant, the plot and representation are deep and meaningful, and the emotions that flow through this movie will have not only a relationship, but also crying. This movie is very painful and very influential, and if I've ever believed that any movie can change human life ... it would be the first one that could change mine. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie, if you ever want a movie that is moving and influential, yet incredibly funny and TRUE, look at it.
