Perhaps I would like the film more if I was not so attached to the character in Henry Fool. To those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not be worried. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the movie in TIFF, the film has many exposures and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy in the story that keeps the film moving. There are many humorous moments, and the film surely has the characteristic humor and rhythm of Hartley's dialogue. Above all, a well-made film that will surely satisfy the new Hartley fans who are just starting to study his work. When it comes to older fans who loved his earlier songs, such as Trust and Amateur, this movie could go one way. I have mixed feelings about the film and later Hartley's films. Hartley sets his stories best in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways his characters interact with each other. Since the late 90s and later, his films have expanded in substance. Mass media in No Such Thing, Religion in Book of Life and now Terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents match such a great topic or if he can do it fairly. <br /> <br /> Amazingly, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who is looking for a husband she loves. The only problem is that I've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly deprived of character in this movie. It can be said that this movie was written long after Henry Fool was finished with no intention of continuing. In some way, the terrorist conspiracy feels conveniently connected with the use of Henry's books as a announcer (in the hitchcock sense). Fay's motivation to find Henry seemed motivated solely by the needs of the plot, not by those who were faithful to who was fay as a person at Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a bit disappointed with the movie because it is not faithful to Henry Fool's characters and it does not work exactly like a straight thriller. In Hartley's approach to such a great topic as terrorism there is too much irony and shouting. It works in some way and does not work at the same time. All I can say is either love or hate a movie, depending on what you do to Hartley and how well you know Hartley's job. Fool's fans, be severely warned for disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride.
