Henry Fool from 1997, With a low-key, he would be a safe choice of movies that no one would have bothered to get back to continue. A crumpled, distracted tramp (Thomas Jay Ryan) is walking to the city. His anarchist illusions and illusions inspire a nerd junk collector (James Urbaniak) to write poems, while Henry is unconvinced trying to fool his sister (Parker Posey). When the poet prospers, Henry refuses. Nothing special in any of the characters or stories. The pitch for Harold and the Spirit Maude could be regarded as a higher chance of reaching the screen. <br /> <br /> But Parker Posey is not a semi-official king of India for nothing. " When the writer / director Hal Hartley came up with a new incarnation for his cast, a movie was born. Although we have been playing the same characters for many years, they are in a completely different kind of dark comedy; this one is full of espionage! Henry could have been an international spy - and a possible double and even triple agent - for many years before he met others. He is either dead or hides from agents and authorities in many countries. Everyone wants his chaotic, inconsistent journal, which may contain coded secrets that could destabilize nations and economies. Posey's Fay is either the wife he left to go to Lama or his widow, depending on who is telling the truth. Fay's efforts to find Henry and / or feverishly questioned magazines include the global quarrel of multinational Nazis and supporters at every step. He never knows who to believe or trust. We also do not. <br /> <br /> When writing these unlikely characters in the territory of Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan, Hartley's script preserves the ironic death humor of their first appearance, eliminating the slapstick in exposing them to physical dangers. His sly lampoon of paranoia, duplicity and alliances of the musical chairs of today's geopolitics begins to fall apart at the end. Nevertheless fans of the first movie will be pleasantly surprised by the novelty of Hartley's recycling methods. (05/18/07)
