Fay Grim is a story about spying and intrigues with a nod and wink. As a continuation of his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising mix of a film noir and a hardcore spy thriller that starts with a conscious smile and a large dose of laughter and changes as poignantly and warmly as any movie I've seen this year. br /> <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, oblivious to Mata Hari embroiled in love with her exiled husband, Henry Fool, and the doubtful intentions of the charming CIA agent. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm, in a role that seems to be adapted to his talents. He was never better. James Urbaniak is the brother of Fay, Szymon, imprisoned, but known for his extremely popular poetic books. His passion for work and his sister evokes a shock of passion to defy the grim nature of the spies who ultimately populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is a four-year-old son of Fay. Although it may be unnecessary. Aiken's modest style is an eminently "old soul" for someone his age. <br /> <br /> The whole film is shot under a Dutch angle, the off-kilter style made famous by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror movies and psychological thrills to give a hunch. In Fay Grim, using this style from opening loans to closing is initially intriguing, deceptively clever. Just as the viewer begins to fall into the perfect comedy elements and the brilliant Hartley scenario, something happens. The film takes on a dark but oddly calming turn, because these characters magically become nice in front of our eyes. What began as a dark comedy transforms into a romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. Slow stimulation gives way to breathtaking action, and we are drawn into a vortex. <br /> <br /> Finally, Hartley's sharp dialogue in combination with the amazing performances of a perfectly selected cast creates a delicious cocktail of movies. Talking about the luxury of writing, producing, directing, editing, and even composing music, Hal Hartley created a clever, sexy story of spying with a language barely covered on the cheek. Fay Grim is one part Dashiell Hammett, one part Raymond Chandler, and one Ian Fleming, shocked and maybe also touched.
