The plot is never a strong point of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the "Follow the Fleet" scenario is extremely average. Fred and Ginger are still doing well - "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin are playing, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates funny comic moments. But for the better part of the movie, they take on a boring story about sister Sherry Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), balancing Bilge with another woman and the old schooner Connie inherited from her father. Though Hilliard is rather charming, this story is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time "Follow the Fleet" is endowed with the exceptional result of Irving Berlin, which gives the stars a lot of opportunities to show off their talents. Astaire gets two good solos from "We Saw the Sea" and "Rather Lead a Band". He sings expressively and, of course, he dances electrifyingly - and the sailor's suit makes him look a little bit more boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the catchy "Let Yourself Go" and later does a solo dance to the same song. <br /> <br /> Three duets really save a movie, even though they're all stuck in a story with stupid excuses. Fred and Ginger win the dance competition, performing an energetic routine in the next repression "Let Yourself Go". Later, they sing and dance "I'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket" as if it was an early attempt of this number, dropping the choreography for a comic effect. Finally, the film finally reveals how to get Fred and Ginger in the evening clothes for a romantic duo - it makes this part of the show-the-show. The situation is made up, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most beautiful things Berlin has ever written (reminiscent of Cole Porter), and the dance suits it elegantly. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would be hard to sit back in most of the "Follow the Fleet" dialogue sections, or rather it is not necessary, because the plot rarely drives the musical number. But I could watch the songs over and over again.
