If you believe Hollywood, being in the navy is nothing but bludge. Although seafarers may complain about the monotony of the ocean, it seems that their ocean duties are completely non-existent and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dance lessons to the fleet of would-be romantics. This is the world of Astaire and Rogers. The previous film by Marek Sandrich "Top Hat (1935)" completely ignored the Great Depression, which brought America to its knees and introduced the audience to a glittering world of rich and famous; this optimistic view of life in the film could have contributed to its success. Similarly, here Sandrich intentionally forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and exhausting, and instead replaces the duties of a sailor with an assortment of catchy light music numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners, whose romantic relationship broke up after the latter rejected the marriage proposal. After Bake's return from several years of service in the navy, he finds Sherry as a dance hostess in the unsophisticated ballroom in San Francisco. While the two old lovers alternately try to call and repulse each other, the usual Sherry music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, looking really pretty) gets a complete change and tries to charm the superficial sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are many ordinary comedy scams, a few moments of wrong identity, and even a funny trained monkey who steals every scene in which she is located. Particularly fun is the scene in which Bake sabotages the interrogation of the performer to create a window for his girlfriend abandoned; Unfortunately for both of them, this is the unfortunate Sherry who drinks sodium bicarbonate and loses the ability to sing. <br /> <br /> "Follow the fleet (1936)" is the fifth successful cooperation of Fred Astaire with Ginger Rogers and the third (out of five), in which Sandrich led the couple. Irving Berlin has provided music and song lyrics, and each music number is pleasantly light and funny, even if they are not as memorable as those in "Top Hat (1935)," Swing Time (1936) "or" Shall We Dance (1937) ). Astaire is trying to free himself from his typical personality of a rich man about the city, without much success, but it's hard to imagine a performer without a boyish carefree charm that could only be accompanied by wealth. The side of romance between Connie and Bilge fits well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (dressed in a brunette to avoid collision with blonde hair Ginger) has several emotional solo numbers, including "Get Thee Behind Me Satan," originally written for " Top Hat. "
