What a funny movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the navy. Astaire must return to Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of his wife. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> Sometimes he argues, and I can see why Scott's affair with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the plot. Particularly painful are Hilliard's song love songs. I could do it without her singing, but good enough, but the affair was touching for me. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, dressed in sunglasses, without makeup and the ugliest clothes known to man or beast. No wonder Scott avoids her until she relaxes sexily under the care of her sister Ginger and slinky Lucille Ball. The problem is that after her transformation she looks like this irreversibly simple woman, as before, only with a more shiny outfit. It's hard enough for a house guy. But at least man can become rich, powerful and popular, and then he can collect women, even if he looks like JoJo Dog-Faced Boy. But what does an ordinary woman do? The same paths to romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groupies. Is Margaret Thatcher? It must be awful to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a kind of footnote, I must mention that Randolph Scott was reportedly bisexual by Hollywood gossip, which needed some nonsense to chew, and it is a bit funny that he has the following line in this movie when he rejects home Hilliard - "Women do not interest me, sister. " The film probably gives Ginger Rogers more time than any of her other Astaire movies. And it's wonderful. She is a beautiful, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and the script gives her good comic lines. "Let's kiss and fill up," says Astaire. "Supplement," he says, "it will give you something to work." It's also the only movie she has done with Astaire, who gives her a solo number during the interrogation. (Hermes Pan's choreography.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, who slips Alka Seltzer or something into her water, and she leans through her number, bouncing off, being too delicate for time. <br /> <br /> As a dancer, I will make a great circus elephant, so my opinion must be considered amateur, but I think that their dances are equal to those that impose on the film. Their first, during the dance competition "Let Yourself Go", is the most wildly alive of all I remember. And the only dramatic duet "Let's Face the Music and Dance" must belong to their best. The last step, when they leave, is surprising. <br /> <br /> I like this movie for personal reasons. I remember seeing him for the first time in the theater in the center of San Diego, next to the Seven Seas store, which satisfied sailors. I was in uniform then and I was impressed with the treatment of Astaire and Scott's navy. My point is that we have here this foamy musical comedy that absolutely does not owe the historical reality, and yet, unlike most other bands, it still pays its obligations. The jumping ship, Astaire calls a "water taxi". I just took a water taxi to the shore. Uniforms are correct for this period (as opposed to, say, those from "On the City"). And they are properly worn, hats down to the two widths of the fingers above the eyebrows and not tilted back. There are also two incidents in which Astaire encounters a problem with the naval authorities and both are treated with great seriousness and are completely reliable. The officer stops Astaire from leading the jazz band during the inspection and informs the captain: "They played when the call sounded, sir. I'm sure there was no discipline violation. " This is what an officer - a good officer - would say and no one laughs. <br /> <br /> The series began to repeat when "Follow the Fleet" was created, instead of putting Fred in a state of high society and tuxedo, instead turned him into chewing gum. It was a good idea. And dance numbers are consistent with the concept.
