Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, a Hollywood dance band, were usually dressed up to nine and flew in intricately exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, in this event from 1936, they play a slightly smaller scale, which is the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time, Astaire resigns his cylinder, white tie and tails to become a chewing sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays an artist from the Sherry Martin dance hall, who was Bake's partner - dancing and not only - before he signed up. Consequently, in contrast to the misleading identity tricks and romantic hesitancies prevailing in most of their previous connections, they are already the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> Directed by Marek Sandrich (who directed five of their pairs), the film has a narrative similarity to "Roberta" from 1935, in which they are one of two pairs presented in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the second man in both films, this time as a female member of the band Bake, "Bilge" Smith. He works with Irene Dunne (who, understandably, refused this continuation), but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozz and Harriet, Hilliard plays sister sister Sherry Connie who falls for Bilge. In this stupid story, she is repainted by a young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and in front of the mirror is a classic three-way shot of Hilliard, Ball and the charming Betty Grable-doll. <br /> <br /> Speaking of history, what is of one is attributed to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and looks like this ... Bake and Bilge are on land in San Francisco, where adventurous colleagues go to the dance hall. Bake discovers that Sherry is working there, while Bilge rushes to Connie when she appears as a clever lady, and then appears as a glamor girl. Romance blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry will inherit a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. There are many misunderstandings in both accounts, but everything works when they change the steamer into a theater and prepare a music collection. Sounds more or less as stupid as it seems, but it is a good excuse for the unforgettable melodies of Irving Berlin and the three dances of Astaire-Rogers. <br /> <br /> The first two are free in tone - a set of dance competitions for the soaked "Let Yourself Go", where they mercilessly show off the winnings, and the physical routine comedy board is focused on fingering "I put all my eggs in one basket" . However, their latest dance is a classic return to formalities with a melodramatic song beautifully set in a stunning arrangement of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Interestingly, this film not only contains Astaire's solo dances, but the only time that Rogers ever had a dance solo in his film, the energetic rhythm started "Let Yourself Go" again. Dressed in a cream-colored, satin sailor outfit, she sings the same song best at the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> Astaire and Rogers play acting in a typically playful form. While Scott plays his role with his characteristic, twisted masculinity, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former singer of the band performs two Berlin love songs in a frustratingly uncertain way. Regardless, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in the first row makes it an important viewing experience. The DVD from 2005 includes a few good additions beginning with the thirteen-minute feature film "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Tanz Feet", telling how Astaire and Rogers began to cooperate. There is also a "live soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a cartoon with a poultry theme "Let It Be Me" and an original theater trailer.
