Hundstage is a deliberately ugly and annoying study of life in the particularly dismal suburbs of Vienna. He comes from the former documentary director Ulrich Seidl, who takes a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film departs from normal types and presents us characters that can best be described as "extremes"? some are very lonely; some extremely violent; a bit incredibly strange; some very cunning; some very frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several episodes with a smaller plot that alternate from time to time, each of which tracks characters for several days during the hot Viennese summer. Very few viewers will leave the movie feeling entertainment? the intent is to point out many things that are wrong with people, many of the ills that plague our society in general. It is a provocative movie, and its conclusions are quite damning. <br /> <br /> A picky old widower fantasizes about his older cleaner and wants her to perform a striptease for him while wearing his wife's clothes. The dancer of the night club is struggling with the boy's constantly jealous and brutal behavior. A couple in despair over their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek consolation by having sex with other people. The abusive man abuses his woman, but she forgives him. The security seller is desperate to find the perpetrator of some vandalism in the workplace, but ends up with an innocent scapegoat. A mentally ill woman constantly rides with strangers and insults them until they kick her out of the car! The lives of these different characters coincide within a few days during an intense summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> Despair in the film is tangible. Many scenes are characterized by long, uncomfortable silence, which is twice as effective as the entire dialogue. There are also other scenes where dialogue and screen events leave you tense. In particular, the scene in which the security seller leaves the woman hitchhiker at the mercy of a vengeful man - being beaten, raped and humiliated (thankfully everyone except the screen) for some vandalism she has not even done - arouses a sour, almost angry taste. In another scene, the man has a lit candle wedged into his back and is forced to sing the national anthem under the threat of using a weapon, all within his punishment for being unpleasant to his wife. Although we may want to cheer that this thug receives his favor, at the same time we are terrified and upset by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, such sharp contrasts can serve as a summary of the whole movie - every moment of lightness is balanced by the moment of coolness. Every shred of hope is opposed by a sense of despair. For each character you like sympathy for, there is another that encourages anger and hatred. We may want to turn away from Hundstage to reject it as an exercise in misery, but it also points to some uncomfortable truths and therefore should be applauded.
