This film must be considered one of the most disturbing and stopping films for years. This is one of the few films, perhaps the only one that really gave me shivers: even Pasolini's Sola, for which this film has no comparison, so touched me. In the film, I saw echoes of filmmakers such as Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what was it in the movie that I felt like I was doing it? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror movie, but one that escapes and even reverses the conventions of this genre. Usually in horror there are terrible and terrifying things, but on the margins of a civilized society: abandoned homes, abandoned hotels, castles, churches, morgues, etc. This approach to the topic in horror is, I think, a kind of defense mechanism, the principle of darkness and opacity acting as a kind of projection space for the viewer's desires and fears. From this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror story; it takes place in a completely normal society, so it has nothing to do with the histrionics of horror. But what you see is the displacement of some of the key themes of the horror genre, especially in relation to the body and its violation, the stages of fear and torture that can be experienced. What Seidl does is to use the everyday middle class society as a scene where a repetitive play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and violation of intimacy and integrity is conveyed: exactly those topics that can be found in horror but subjected to the principle of light and transparency from which there is no escape. It is in this displacement that the strength of Seidl's film lies. Hundstage deals with these matters as a function of everyday life, displays them in everyday repetitions, and not as a place of extremes and catharsis - a movement that you would encounter in this genre of horrors. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of combining politics with personal in his films, a tactic of melodrama that allowed him to seriously and even morally deal with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, questions about property, sexual property and control, fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic of creating the mechanisms of the everyday society that is the subject of his film puts him in close proximity to Fassbinder; like this German ally, it has a kind of political vision of society, which it considers its duty to present its films. During the seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, in which Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he would have so many cases of raped, subordinated women in Hundstage, but there are no cases in which the woman fought, freeing herself. Seidl replied that some might see violence against women as immoral, but he himself thought it immoral to not show it. I think it's an artistic statement as good as any other. Thank you.
