In short, in order not to spoil everything, this film is about Kipie (Giovanni Ribsi), car thieves, who kills a large supply of stolen cars (a total of 50). He threatens to be killed by the man who gave him the order. The goal is now to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired amplifier, as well as brother Kip and a few old friends Randall. As you can see, this is the same old big brother who has to get out of trouble and of course Randall is the best thief in history. Of course, as in all other films, there are also a few complications and surprises that you would never have thought of, but sometimes it is also predictable, so there is nothing extraordinary in this story. <br /> <br /> You probably wonder why it is about 51 times more than HOT STUFF, because only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars have been stolen. Another hot spot in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a great STAR (trust me))). It is not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but it is also very hot. OK, not hot as in a nice but hot as in damn cool and sexy. She was very credible in this role, probably because she is in a sense a wild woman in real life (do not believe me, read her biography), and for a sexy part just convince yourself. I only know that this girl plays in this movie, which I like because it is not very popular, a bit of an alternative, and even has a tattoo. <br /> <br /> OK, the only cons that I felt while watching this movie were not too many actions, there is one completely unrealistic scene, the story is fine and there are not too many jokes. Hey, but after watching the whole movie I have to say: WHO CARES. Why do I have to say it because it was still fun; he had some nice car chases; good music; some of Bruckheimer's scenes (where the combination of music and the line of actors softens the eyes); good actors who have done their job; nice cars; one cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but not least, cool and cool tools to strengthen cars. So some disadvantages here, but still pretty good and funny movie. In conclusion, the best way to describe this movie is that it's generally OK, with a nice movie? end. <br /> <br /> What about Nicolas Cage, okay? Currently, he is one of my favorite actors in action genre after such good movies as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Besides, what actor had so many good actions / thrillers in recent years and such successful ones? No one! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's also one of my favorites. One of the things that is true about Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's films is that they are constantly getting worse. The Rock, it was clean 9, Con air was nice 8 and it's good it's 7. It does not mean that this sign is bad. Does not it show that his films under Bruckheimer are still getting worse and that perhaps Cage must think longer before he takes on a role in the film and should probably do some fewer movies? No, it does not show us this because almost all of Cage's films have been successful over the past few years, with the exception of 8mm and Bringing out the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit, but it was never Cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about the last film because I have not seen it yet. One thing, although I know for sure, if Bruckheimer asked me for these three films, I would say yes to everyone. I would say "yes" to The Rock because the story was great and because you would play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say "yes" to Con Air, because it would be a lot of action, because the story was good and because you had to play with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this one I would play, because I would get a great paycheque, I could drive on cool and fast cars, and because I would be able to kiss Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in this Lara) Croft outfit). This was a good choice for Mr. Cage and it was definitely worth seeing in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
