It's a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE, which was rather comic than weird or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a caretaker from 1890 in America, working in a laboratory. He constantly cares about life's problems around him: meat is too expensive (it's like 1.00 USD / pound. Unusual!). He always yells on crazy speedboats (on bikes - cars have not yet appeared). Grabbing to the end, he sees a scientist in the shape of a helmet and puts it on and tries. He's suddenly in modern America. The beginning was a seven-minute silent film. Now everything is noise, everything says, everything comes out of itself. Keaton is only a few minutes here when he realizes that the world has changed, not for the better. He runs into Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (remembers President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in this lovely, peaceful age. He helps Mulligan fix his helmet and go back in time. Rollo will get tired after some time because of the lack of scientific equipment he could use. Mulligan puts on him a helmet and sends him into the future. But now Woodrow is fully satisfied with the quiet, simple age in which he lives. He found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> Over the last fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often been on TV (many times for Allan Funt at CANDID CAMERA, where he could help publicly set eye-catching tricks.) He also made several films (most of all FUNNY THINGS WERE ON THE ROAD TO FORUM AND RAILRODDER) But sometimes he appeared in television and episodes, he is here in his element, probably advising the director (old comedian Norman McLeod - directed the Marx brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) about the tricks he could do. Stanley Adams and he and Adams pick him up when he grabs the pants he needs, and when it comes to time, he's like the gags he did in the 1920s in movies like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in style for a man in his sixties . <br /> <br /> The performances of Jesse White (here as a mechanic, all things) are always welcome, but look at "Professor Rollo." Stanle y Adams was a well-known figure in movies and television since the 1950s to his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with a neglected appearance and a heavy, roaring voice, his best known drama role was the wrestling promoter in the film version of REQUIEM FOR THE EVENING (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler in a costume as an Indian). His most famous television appearance was the space merchant who introduces the crew of the Enterprise Ship in STAR TREK to these furry, prolific creatures "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse White, and certainly like Keaton), strengthening most of the production in which he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end for the first-class character performer.
