Cosimo (Luis Guzman) is sent to prison for breaking into a car and there he received a plan of a perfect assault from a paramedic in prison; so he has to get out of prison quickly. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will make his time in prison for some money. But no one wants to take time for the Cosimo crime, and yet everyone seems to know the guy who will do it. Soon the evil boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovered the details of this so-called "perfect work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think that this movie was very funny and from my point of view I recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not watch the Italian original, so I can not rate or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for yourself, about four people trying to steal money from the treasury in one house. Everyone gave away their share of the brilliance of this film. A really great movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their part in this project. <br /> <br /> Can say that this movie is just a comedy, it's not fair. That's more than that. Because of one difference. All the thieves in this movie have very little wishes when they are asked: what will they do with their money? It's primarily to secure your future in a very modest way. This fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of these criminals. And not only they, but also a Babitch policeman who is depicted as corrupt; so here the directors of Russo tell us that criminals and policemen are the same. Actually, everything at Collinwood is; and not only at Collinwood, because all people are pursuing money in a legal or illegal way. I do not like the fact that all the films were finally liked by the audience and shouts for thieves. But this is the exception. You must love them all. Riley with his young child and wife in prison. Toto with pants. Cosimo with her line: "Your mother is a slut!" And everyone else. They're like characters from my favorite comic, Alan Ford. Everyone is trying to make some money, but they just have no luck. But they all did one good thing: they gave money to Riley so he could get his wife out of jail. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people would not do it.
