After watching the movie at the age of 14, I remember that I was hit when I heard the word "govno" (sh * t) for the first time in the then Soviet television (I bet it was really * the first time in history, someone wants to add it to section of curiosities? :) ... What an open daring and freedom, I thought! As the years went by, I was more and more impressed with the movie and the amazing acting, but my feelings turned into something like a mix of joy from a real piece of cinematographic art and a bitter implementation of a concept radically different from my fourteen. impression: helplessness. The movie is inevitably catastrophic, a primitive, degenerate wave (embodied by Sharikov), which embraces the life of the best minds, moving humanity into their regions ... This is a great metaphor of the Russian revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals ashamed of their superiority and hope for "improvement" lower classes, only to release the power of mediocrity and become absorbed by it ... Extremely gentle and talented song, wrapping a really sad idea into a brilliant satirical and elegant form. Symbolically enough, the movie itself marked the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami overturned them? it seems, for good, judging by the latest Russian films (most of them are called "hits" in trailers and posters in the pre-release version :). <br /> <br /> Funny, this episode of "govno" is not contradictory to Efenstor's comment above, the naughty language of the current generation ... From what I've already said, it may seem like it may be a movie that showed the way but it was not like that. A gentle word according to current standards, was then too rude and simply rude to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... BTW, again Efenstor's lament, it is so naïve to be an intellectual and use a naughty lexicon, especially for people who speak Russian, where a single cussword can have meanings that take sentences in translation! But I regret that ALL meaning in today's teenager's speech can be expressed in words. I think that this is a bigger problem than choosing the medium that is the most efficient for this task :) Well, this movie and the book are great food for thoughts that can change them, or for anyone who can have the luxury of watching.
