This film (and yes, this movie - it was filmed as a two-part film, but both parts combine in just over 2 hours) is one of the underrated masterpieces of world cinema. The film is a very well-mannered, and at the same time absolutely wild condemnation of the Soviet regime and the type of person who flourished under it. The film is a faithful adaptation of the long-forbidden book with the title of Mikhail Bulgakov. The scenes are flawless, and the director made a brilliant decision to shoot a film in monochrome sepia, adding the impression of authenticity, where incarnated colors from the late 80s would ruin the whole film. I will not say much about the story, which deserves to be discovered by the viewer himself, but the performances are the real material of an Oscar; special mentions are given to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such presence, gravity and kind wisdom that he steals any scene in which he finds himself with just a word or gesture. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov, which played to terrifying perfection by V. Tolokonnikova, is much more terrifying than Hannibal Lecter, because not only exists in real life - entire countries were led by people like him throughout history, with everything that goes with it. <br /> <br /> Although this is a social-political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, though dark - there are many simple comedies that have not made me laugh as much as this movie. What's more, laughing at this film, this feeling is not only a cheerfulness, but understanding and consent, which is always a plus. <br /> <br /> There is no complaint about this film - the only light flaw is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobberies that I sometimes caught from "enlightened" characters. But this is a small problem. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to be overlooked by Western license companies. It is a pity that one of the best films in the world is unnecessarily uncovered and untranslated (which should not be extremely difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminologies will certainly disappear in translation, the main theme of the film should be available to everyone). When we wait with thumbs for the release of Criterion, I consider creating English subtitles. I will see how it works.
