Ok, after reading some reviews on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misunderstanding that this is a direct striping of Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that was the rip off of Nadia is that the Nadia pendant and pendant from Atlantis are so much similar in terms of the way it is used, the origin and how it arises from the source of life, that there is no doubt that it is copied. If you want to think about how Kida and Nadia are dressed the same, then you can also put it against Disney (It was strange for Nadia and Kidy to dress this bikini-like style sci-fi outfit, not to mention the the fact that they both introduce a similar style too). As an anime fan I have to agree that there is a certain degree of copying, but this only applies to minor details and even if not many ideas are original (eg. Encryption project on the wall in Laputa, ancient mask from Princess Mononoke, similarity of vehicles to the submarine Garfish in Nadia, etc.) ... I consider the story to be highly original and amazing that Disney can do it without using Captain Nemo (the main character in the 20s leagues of Jules Verne to the Sea, which is also the main character of Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean in glasses in a similar style ... As shown in the novel "Lord of the Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think that Mylo, Jean, the main character from Stargate and a dozen other "SMART" characters would look unfit for this role if they came without glasses. As for the submarines and the way the submarines fight (with those wide torpedoes that really resemble what Nautilius does), I want to say that this is a required element for each of them if Atlantis is involved in the story (in after all it is a sunken city under water). As for the crew, which has some similarity to the Nautilius crew in Nadia, it may be a work of art, but I do not feel any infringement of copyright, because the character's personality was completely original to me. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as the best anime I've ever watched today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I saw the preview for the first time. But now that I've seen the movie, I've regained my trust in Disney once again and I have great hopes for their future films after Atlantis. In general, the best Disney movie, although I do not tremble at the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and it is a plus that they have improved their bad scripts to make it even better. Also, it's amazing that they actually represent bad guys who look normal without making them bad at first (I was wondering who the bad guys are and only the blonde is a bit of a bad character in terms of how Disney draws what makes The bad ones look really dangerous)
