After watching two of his silent short films, "Elena and her Men (1956)" is my first full-length feature film by French director Jean Renoir, and I enjoyed it very much. However, I did not watch the movie for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who? at the age of 41? it still emanated unparalleled beauty, elegance and charm. In the early fifties, after a scandalous marriage to an Italian, Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public favor. Her five subsequent films, directed by her husband, failed in the United States and I suspect that Renoir's last release did little to increase Bergman's popularity among English-speaking audiences (however, she regained her previous success with Oscar in the same "Anastasia (1956)" " He plays the role of Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men all over the world before leaving them quickly, working on her lucky charms to help the political aspirations of the outstanding General Francois Rollan ( Jean Marais), she falls in love, which she will not be able to leave.This little political film works well as a satire or romantic comedy, unless you take it too seriously, it's purely carefree romantic puch. <br /> <br /> Filmed in live Technicolor, "Elena and her people" look wonderfully, a row of bright colors, characters and costumes. The Polish princess Bergman is dreamy and somewhat preoccupied, not unpredictable, but rather a woman with high principles and beliefs. She is convinced by a team of clumsy government conspirators to persuade General Rollan to carry out the coup, consciously using his love for her, to satisfy her own illusions as a "guardian angel". Perhaps the only righteous hero in the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the selfish motives of all others and chases Elena for love and love. That, Renoir proudly suggests, is what the real French do best. "Elena and her people" are also trying, with moderate success, to reveal the exterior of the French high-class links, through the clumsy team of Eugène (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not make love to his mistress without entering his fiancé on them. In the case of these sequences Renoir apparently tried the humor that can be found in the film Marx Brothers, but the film itself is so relaxed and relaxed that energy simply is not there.
