Ever since my third or fourth time watching, I abstained from La Maman et la putain some time ago while waiting for a DVD. In the meantime, I read the French script and the monograph of Alain Philippon on Jean Eustache. The latter ends with frustrating filmography, eleven films, fiction, doctor and between, impossible to see, or in the case of amourees Mes Mesites and Le Père Noël ..., see. <br /> <br /> Some questions that struck me at this moment: Polish French Véronika is very common (un maximum d '"un maximum d'"). Even if he has an accent? I think I can say that. What adds the lack of color, especially in one place, where you can see the outskirts of the city? What is the difference between these dream and travel bands that separates the worlds of the Tempest and the Winter Tales? Ditto Alphaville. We can imagine the years that have passed since then, but does Eustache deliberately describe the surroundings of the film? Is this an enchanted island? Is Alexandre a fairy tale? Alexandre always choreographs himself, worrying about how and where to stand or walk, what to say when, declaring these decisions, who cares about what he does less than what he does. Is it his way of choreographing others by doing it yourself? How is it different from Scottie Vertigo? (I say, I think, very much.) What's the difference and is there one between Léaud Eustache and Truffaut and Godard? What is the difference between the current Léaud? Is he still doing it, whatever it is, in recent roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, anything, getting older? I used to come to one of the Truffaut film series mainly Antoine Doinel (the character of Léaud). For a long time, every three or five minutes, in the passage there was a twenty-something male in a scarf, tweed coat, Léaud hair, with a directional nose. I have no idea if it was a conscious or unconscious facial expression. I was in this age, but I have no idea how I looked. At least without a scarf. But I have a brother who apparently learned his carriage from Bresson.
