First of all, I really liked the film and its message of boldness to live a full life. Very poetic, with nice and funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to watch. Here are my "exceptions": the film was too long and at some point added more and more conflicts, so that he began to lose the main plot. However, I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely realistic! Everywhere there are amazing dramas, we just do not know about people we only meet superficially. I did not like the ending, which was so charged with symbolism and extremely forced. He left a bad taste because it was too much. I did not like that there were so many dramatic mentions in the group (when some accused others of all other important matters, people would just be more "embarrassed" to preach everything so personal to everyone, even these people are a group with whom they strictly works). A: self-defense is the strongest instinct of man. So why, on earth, Daniel allowed himself to be beaten and never fight, even defend himself? That means he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when he was attacked, but it would drive me crazy when I saw he was doing nothing. It was like the narrator tried to force a message like "violence is not needed," but the way he did it was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses credibility when it remains unchanged despite all attacks. And: Gabriella ... why the hell woman who spent years with the man who beats her will go to this man when he gets arrested and says, "I do not wish you any harm. as we all ". Oh, really spoiled it! Will he be holy or what? It is normal that it is bitter, but not so "holy", and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and the music so great that she forgot everything that had happened to her? Oh, please. These were spoiling moments. Still, I still think it's a great movie that's amazing, considering my discomfort with a few things. Watch it !! ;-) "
