The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack due to stressful, intense professional life and interrupts a successful career thanks to early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in the north of Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old sensitive boy abused by Coniak and other schoolmates to live a peaceful life. He buys an old school and is invited to attend the church choir by local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but reluctant and shy Daniel refuses in this way. However, he is involved in the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past at the local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, influencing their everyday life: the slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the chance to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stiga's wife, releases her suppressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude towards her aggressive and violent husband; rumor and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart to Lena; fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When they are invited to take part in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel discovers that his music opens the heart of people, making his dream come true. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a moving and sensitive film with a very beautiful story. Impressive is the fact that director Kay Pollak and screenwriters were able to create a huge number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are of the highest class, supported by great music and at least two amazing moments: when Gabrielle sings his song at the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, jury and all the participants of the melody, and Daniel makes his dream come true. As in "Theorema", a stranger changes his life, not only his family, but the conservative community. What's more, like in many European films, the open application indicates that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, reaching peace with the success of his music. My eyes got wet in these two scenes. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
