Kay Pollak from 2004, warmer Så som i himmelen / As it is in Heaven, contains every stereotype of Swedish humanity and inhumanity, but manages to enjoy the crowd. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, observers of continuity errors and saccharine debaters, and at the same time presents the colors of life in a small community in a suggestive way. The film also contains a range of proverbial messages about "finding your own voice" and "doing so in spite of fear", without completely removing lumps from the cynical throats. <br /> <br /> His success as crowd satisfaction comes from two facts. First of all, small movies about strangers who bring new life to rural Christian communities give many opportunities to reveal hypocrisy, and at the same time allow stunned characters to break out of their hairstyles. In the same year, the pearl of the Queen of Sheba made the similar Swedish breeze, and the Babette Feast comes to mind. Second, every movie about small communities around the world will hit a human chord in an increasingly individual / self-centered and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film to those like The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day shows its debt to the formula. But it is a formula in which life has been left, and it seems that people need films with a positive message that evoke a sense of community almost against each other. <br /> <br /> Stranger is burned maestro Daniel Daréus in search of self-detection. The city that he visits, or rather visits them again, without the knowledge of the townspeople, the place of his childhood. He was cruelly bullied here by his classmates, presumably because he was a sensitive musician without aspiration to drive a truck. Here he takes up the work of a cantor / choirmaster, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. The place is, of course, filled with a wide range of recognizable types, which arches can be predicted: a fair-haired girl with a broken heart, so beautiful that it almost shines; local businessman calling on the phone; a woman whose beauty is lost among domestic violence; a steel pastor and his less strict wife who at first seem to be from Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jealous, tense spider (Siv) (check); geriatric, whose soul is still singing (check); an older couple who could repel their desires from their kindergarten (check); an obese person whose job is to show that we should not laugh and say "fat" (check); intellectually handicapped boy who proves that he can sing "A" well (check). <br /> <br /> Pollak's film is not everything. He turns away from "let's show up despite the failures and moral opposition". It contains violence and ending, which can be a metaphor of dying after achieving creative nirvana. The violence of the film is mainly a function of male anger and repression, but it never delves deeply into why the school tyrant who grows up in a wife is like that. Similarly, a pastor from a small town follows such a strictly moralistic, wearing black Super Protestant stereotype that his secret indulgence in girlish magazines is not surprising. His repressions and hypocrisy are there, dangling unrelated to psychological reality. Perhaps an unexplained photo of a young boy, perhaps a lost son, flying over his shoulder, hides a secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are editing functions, such as several inconsistencies and glitches of continuity that may be noticed, such as Siv's unexplained appearance in the chorus (twice) after moralistic outbursts. In fact, none of the obstacles in the film last long and all seem to be solved in the scene. In addition to the awkward love scenes, 127 minutes of the film rarely drag on, but there is the impression that something could remain on the floor of the cutting room. <br /> <br /> The film remains solid, despite three star holes that you can choose from. It is simply because in a world of technology-focused films and materialistic searches, any view of the human community is, in the depths of the soul, welcome to everyone, even cynical.
