This is a very addictive mini-series BBC-TV, which is loosely based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is in fact more a study of different characters in history, which lasts five hours. So it is a very band in which a wide range of prominent British actors and actresses can show off their talents. Actual characters are really "people that normally do not meet", people so boring and undefined that it is difficult to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and has no apparent interest in finding any. He lives from leaflets from his parents-in-law. He was once in the army, but he did not seem to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or any life interests except to enjoy his small family. It is played by David Oyelow, who is brilliant in this role, as a completely nice man, although his only five hours of classes are full of love and regret, which he does perfectly, so that he wants to cheer him up, as, of course, a nice guy. The unique performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, which revolves around all others in this story. It is simply amazing. She plays a very unsympathetic woman, in fact the only character in history that is all too well known, namely irrational, hysterical, egocentric, dense, bizarre, blindly loving and blindly hating an old woman idiot. Unfortunately, we know them too well. Wilton is one of the best British actresses (see my review in "Half Broken Things"). He takes a figure that could be two-dimensional and made it four-dimensional. It is greatly supported by old pro Patrick Malahide, who plays her irritated husband, and a couple of them set a high standard for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress, when she was younger, has now become a much less lovable type of person because she is older, somehow stressed and put aside, but she repurchases herself later in history, showing how brilliantly an actress she can be, when he has a chance, pulling out one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes I've ever seen in a movie. A great surprise is the mysterious Sarah character, played with great depth and originality by Sarah Smart actress. He takes a character who could be incredibly boring, and the magician herself transforms her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person that we've been tirelessly thinking about for the whole five hours. It's so good that honestly, we're wondering about Sarah Smart. It seems to me that this happens when you do your job really well, that people are wondering where this character ends and the actress starts, if she knows, I mean, and many do not. It has deeply disturbing tricks that are wobbling and letting us know that it is off-balance, but we are not sure how and why, although we finally learn that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is amazingly convincing as a seemingly hopeless guy who lives with his mother and does not have much to say, but it turns out he has hidden depths. (I suppose most people have hidden depths, but if we want to explore them, that's the question.) His mom is very well played by Margot Leicester. Excellent performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a snotty, repulsive teenager, whom we are all afraid to meet, but which at decisive moments falls helpless in tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance only pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend and her younger half-brother and half-sister. Younger siblings can be very depressing as characters in the story (they seem to be unable to say anything particularly meaningful, being hopeless witnesses of disappearance), with a little command of them, but their sweet nature, but it is passed down by Lee. Massey as a boy and Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not see her too much, which is a shame because she is such a great actress that she was wasted here. You can go on, but you have to draw a line somewhere. The series seems strangely fascinating because of the depth of the portrait of all these fundamentally uninteresting people entangled in a network of intense anxiety and tension.
