Still the final program on World War II, The World At War, is not only long, but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes the events preceding and following the war. Most episodes talk about the war in Europe and there are several episodes about the Pacific War. Other episodes include information about wars in Africa, Myanmar, the Atlantic, and the national fronts of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is one episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The cycle begins with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939) and tells the story of the Nazis rising in Germany and the German territorial profits before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with the Remember section; the impact of war in the post-war world. Remember that this is the right episode to complete this amazing program. Each episode begins with a short introduction and then the starting points. Loans are accompanied by a powerful musical theme. There are many matching music tracks in the whole series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic, just like the way it was made. In addition, part of the material is in color. The information provided makes the episodes unforgettable and fun. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). On commission in 1969. Manufactured for four years, this was the depth of his research. The series was told by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed leading members of the Allied and Axis campaign, including eyewitness accounts of civilians, soldiers, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "The Making of The World at War" that he wanted to interview, not necessarily with those who survived, but their helpers and assistants. According to Isaac, the most difficult subject and conviction for the hearing was the adjutant of Heinrich Himmler, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted that he is a witness to a great execution in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> The world war is often regarded as the definitive television story of World War II. Some consider this to be the best example of a documentary form. On the list of the 100 largest British television programs prepared by the British Film Institute in 2000, which professionals from the industry voted for, The World at War took 19th place. The program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one by one. I saw several of them several times. There are two great documentaries that I know can interest the viewer. One of them is called The Great War (1964), which concerns the First World War. The second is called Cold War (1998), which of course concerns the Cold War.
