The music and grim delivery of Laurence Olivier perfectly suits this excellent document. This is still to be seen for World War II enthusiasts, descendants of the participants of this conflict, politicians who think that things always go their way when they expand their foreign policy through the aircraft carrier (have you heard George Bush?) And everyone who is interesting or must know who and how has some aspect of this conflict. 26 episodes are roughly in chronological order, but they can be viewed out of order because they are more or less independent. The new browser will certainly have a new insight due to the huge amount presented. Real battle recordings are intertwined with interviews with people involved in the story. Many interviews are conducted with the authorities of the second line, i.e. Auxiliary staff for main characters, privates, captains, secretaries, witnesses and the like. You get a real, preliminary taste of what the war is about. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the version of the original TV document on DVD. I strongly recommend this in relation to the used, lucrative, expensive VHS offers available on eBay. I paid 120 Cdn for five 2-sided DVDs. This new version contains bonus material and is in full-screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, first you can choose which episode you want to watch, and then after selecting the option you have the option to choose different chapters in the episode or play the whole episode. It is understandable that with such an extensive presentation the menu has little more navigation, but the impact of what you see will not decrease after 30 years, not after 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first broadcast at the Buffalo PBS station just before moving from London in 1975, and since then I've wanted a copy. Now my wish has come true. <br /> <br /> See this document. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and sacrifice the sacrifices and challenges that people from America, Russia, Great Britain, Canada and all other nations and nations engaged in the final victory overcome. What an eye opener.
