This interesting feature has a very good story, rather colorful characters and a very stable pace. it also contains a feature film from "Reap the Wild Wind", and since it was directed by Cecil B. Deille, and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn directed the film from his preparations, this may not be the case. works in both cases, I have to report it. The unusual configuration tells the viewer that Barataria, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte, is built on piracy, but during the war of 1812 and earlier he always refrained from bothering about US ships. Now General Andrew Jackson was accused of defending nearby New Orleans, having only 12,000 soldiers against 60,000 British imperialists and 60 ships. Lafitte people want him to be on the side of a stronger force; he wants freedom and pardon for his people before he gives such a place of strategic landing to the American forces. There are other factors in the story; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack American ships and do it against Lafitte's orders, leaving the boy alive, not knowing that they missed the witness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not admit what Lafitte is asking for; but Lafitte still supports him, and in the fog, pirates and Jackson move the British, and he flows towards a destiny destined for a man who has a genius and a statesman, but he has no fortune. The cast of this colorful and physically beautiful film is really qualified. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as a pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; as a girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as a counselor, the mighty Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall the Governor and Claire Bloom are charismatic like Bonnie Brown. Others in the cast include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as adviser to Jackson, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable, and the script from 1938 has been refreshed here. The glistening photos were the work of the veteran Loyal Griggs, the decoration of the set was provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, with stage decoration by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer as well as Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley has done sophisticated hairstyles, and Wally West has a more difficult makeup. The film contains a lot of good dialogue on the adventure level and a very strong battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, was preparing for the role of an older general, and then discovered that the man was young during the battle; but it is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially when exchanging with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. It's an exciting and well-organized entertainment that looks exactly like C.B. DeMille ended his production; it's a beautiful and almost very small movie.
