If my expectations have not been exceeded, I am sure they have been met. "Nancy Drew" acts as both a secret and a comedy. He pays homage to the books on which he resisted and falsifies them at the same time. The film begins with zooming on a bookshelf and an animated credit sequence resembling illustrations from books. The books begin to be fought immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to be aware that the idea of ​​a teenager who regularly crashes crime novels in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not treat him religiously. It's fun that Nancy Drew can do anything, like the Asa of every class at school, know which baked tidbit is perfect for turning any enemy aside, make a bird house with twelve flying buttresses, and even make an emergency tracheotomy for a party. Nancy would always be in a great style if she lived in healthy 50's, not in today's L.A. And it carries a "set of nipples" with a fingerprint, a flashlight, a compass and a magnifying glass. Premature, of course, but it seems to me that I remember that Hardy Boys' access to CSI equipment at any time was too convenient. And if the private eye of perky punk is slightly younger than its literary counterpart, it's just more comedic exaggeration in the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is taken more seriously. Nancy and her father lawyer are moving from a small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy enters a cold case regarding the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home several decades ago. Nancy is looking for tips in a very practical way, such as surfing websites such as Google and this one, and watching old video tapes from the victims' films. When you do something extraordinary, you must admire the girl's resourcefulness. Emma Roberts, undeniably a sweet kid, plays beautifully with an amateur dick. It makes the girl too perfect is completely nice, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the girl's too-perfect father, Carson Drew. He is an ideal figure of his father, not being unrealistically perfect, and he shows a justified concern for his daughter when he is in danger. The relationship of Max Thierot to Ned Nickerson, boyfriend Nancy, is less sympathetic. I loved the portrait of George O'Hanlon Jr. in a television series from the '70s with Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a clumsy, clumsy kid with a bit of sympathy in Nancy. Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old with sympathy in Nancy, is much less annoying than Ned Max Thierot. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem suitably cast, like Bobby and George's gal Nancy, but at the beginning of the film they only make short scenes. <br /> <br /> Speaking of episodes, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis all make unexpected guest appearances, which only proves that you can never guess in which movie will appear Bruce Willis. <br /> <br /> The film will not live up to any potential. It has already been mentioned earlier that Drew's new home is heavily trapped, but Nancy and her father are forced to stumble over several pitfalls after a few minutes. In addition, Nancy describes the cold matter he is about to investigate as a murder taking place in an extravagant reception that should bring a lot of potential killers, but he only meets a handful of suspects. And while in the adventures of Nancy there are certain moments of real tension, the solution of the matter appears out of nowhere, and ultimately all possible plot lines are related too easily and who cares. Ralph Sall's score adds tension to the film, but contemporary teen songs woven into a soundtrack are poor. Nevertheless, I really liked this film and although the film is aimed primarily at girls, people of all ages and genders can enjoy it.
