"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. The most touching issue may be the relationship between reality and the art that the film is dealing with, which is directly inspired by Proust's A la Recherche du temps perdu. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "La Maman et la putain" and "In Search of Lost Time" apparently tell the same story: the one about the failure of love, which repeats itself endlessly. The first woman is always called Gilberte, and the other woman looks like a twisted and deformed double Gilberte: Veronika is like a "Gilberte slut", beautiful as night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as day". After the failure of the first love begins the second love, but this one is already convicted by the first. Veronika takes the place of Gilberte, in the life of Alexandre and in the film. Gradually it eclipses her, from time to time Gilberte still comes when Alexandre is waiting for Veronica, and then completely. This shows that the same sad story repeats itself, the same "unfaithful woman", as Alexandre says, which appears indefinitely - and it is unfaithful for Proust to be a higher point of love that makes it exist, but which also emphasizes his illusions. /> <br /> Art is what causes the transition between the outside - the illusion of love - to what is inside, which is the truth, and is learning this truth. For example, when Veronika notices the strange way Alexandre makes a bed, he replies that he saw it in the movie, and then that the film "is made to learn to live, how to make a bed". Alexander wants to live like in a movie, he wants his life to be an art. <br /> <br /> This concept of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" fights the concept of "principaly political" - see, for example, the ironic review of Alexandre's political film. As Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations and exists only in silence." First of all, art is introspection. And that is why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality to exist. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie." That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not conceal its artificiality, it emphasizes the way the actors "say" their text: "the more artificial you seem, the higher you go," said Eustache. <br /> <br /> Eustache and Proust both share the idea that the artist is an "interpreter" of inner truth. But Alexandre failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that the character is not who he really is. You can sense that a tragedy occurs when we go further in a movie that becomes the saddest. This is seen on the face of Alexandre, who looks more and more like a living corpse. This is evident from the fact that the scenes become longer, and after a while nothing happens outside. At the end of the movie, when you see that Alexandre is writing, and Veronika asks if he writes his life, you can guess that not even literature has failed. The end of the film shows Aleksander's symbolic death, which is broken by the severity of reality. And in the room of this little nurse Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this defeat, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac reader. In Forme et signification, Jean Rousset explains that in Proust, Balzac's readers who are Swann and Charlus are unable to create any artistic creativity because they are stuck in a reality that they confuse with art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of changes that necessarily exist between the artist's life and his work, between reality and art". And this is exactly Alexandre. He claims, for example, that "she loves a woman for parallel reasons, because she played for example in Bresson". It's like Swann who falls in love with Odette because he looks like Botticelli's woman. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my calling". This thought really came from Eustache, who committed suicide, even if Alexandre had said so. Nevertheless, there is a difference between Alexander and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexander, Alexandre is like a double without art, a terrible vision of the artist that crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> Putting Veronica to the end of the film, Alexandre is doomed to delusion. This death reminds me of the last frames of the film, in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud, as well as the endless knocking of Veronica. Or maybe this is the hell that describes the end, like in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and absolutely does not resemble the final liberation of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre would never have finished his book, always worried about life and Veronica when he tried to read it in his apartment or in cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like the reverse copy of "In Search of Lost Times", which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" tells how Marcel becomes a writer. <br /> <br /> If, as Baudelaire says, the artist says "reality in the light of his dreams", it is his nightmare which Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
