In what might have been seen as an assault on a sexual "revolution" (I use quotes for this word intentionally), Jean Eustache wrote and directed "Mother and whore" as a poetic, condemning critic of those who do not seem to have enough love. If there is a message for this film - and I hope that the message will come only after what this feature of length Ben-Hur has yet to offer - that to truly love, there must be something level of happiness, true truth. Can you have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really have what they really want, or feel that they can even express what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relationships that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is a twenty-something pseudo-intellectualist, not with any apparent work and lives with a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than him and usually, if not always, his lover, his last possible love Life has left him, and then immediately chooses a woman, which he sees on the street, Veronica (Françoise Lebrun), who may remind him of her. Soon, the most subtle love triangle ever made on a film appears, where psychological strings draw the most cruel words and the slightest gestures. At the beginning, we think that it may be about what will happen to Alexander, but we are wrong. Women are so important in this matter of love and sex that they must be around, talk and continue to get something drowned. <br /> <br /> We were told that part of the sexual revolution, theory, if not entirely in practice (perhaps I could not say I was not living in this period to see it firsthand), then freedom led to the lack of inhibitions. But Eustache's point, if not completely, is that it is virtually impossible to have it both ways: you can not make people love you and expect satisfaction from the ultimate company that comes with "f *** ing", how characters relate repeatedly. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the Mother and Whore, when it comes to the subject, express this fear of promiscuity, lack of monogamy, and at the same time stimulate the intellect in the greatest conversation you have ever seen in the film. At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre who probably loves to hear him talking about a movie he's seen or something bad in his past, Eustache makes the film itself not pretentious - though it may seem to be - but it's for pretentiousness, what lies behind those who hide their inner faults, what they must use when they are ultimately themselves. <br /> <br /> If you thought movies like Before Sunrise / Sunset were movies with talkative relationships, you did not meet with it. But because Eustache relishes the dialogues that have these characters, sometimes trivial, "deep", sexual or honest, or sometimes very (or in a toned down) emotional way, it is never, never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who are not fed up with a * good * talkative film, it is unique. While his style does not refer to the boldness that appeared with his predecessors in nouvelle vague from a dozen or so years ago, the new Eustache touch is with the heroes and then resonates with them. it is realism with a leap of attitude, with things that are sometimes vicious and sarcastic, primitive and without shame in expression. All three actors are so attached to their characters that we can not perceive them as "pretending" emotions or in general in melodrama. This is almost too good in terms of naturalistic / realism, but in the case of Eustache material there is no other way out. Luckily, Leaud is the culmination of his career in this period, and both ladies, especially Labrun, as a "slut" by Veronica (claiming that he is stunned in a climactic movie of a kind, one unbroken shot). And, like another touch, from time to time the director immerses himself in a silent moment of thought, a sitting figure, listening to a recording and contemplation or quiet agony. This is probably the greatest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who devoted his film "Broken Flowers to Eustache" and has in particular one scene that is completely (and with love) captured by late Paris. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, before I saw Broken Flowers, I've never heard of Eustache or this movie, and getting it has become quite a challenge (unavailable on American DVDs, and on VHS so rare that it took many months of tracking in different libraries). There was not a waste of a minute of this time; The mother and whore are a really beautiful work, one of the best French union dramas, maybe even one of the most amazingly bright ones I've seen in the whole country. It is complex, sweet, cold, absorbing and very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfying for the type of level that I would compare to Scenes from a marriage; real revelations about human condition still appear 35 years after the premiere of each film.
