Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs to so many leading French filmmakers nowadays, to the great unknown, whose films are difficult to find and are not published on international DVDs. Because we have a good, old-fashioned video store in Tucson, I had the opportunity to watch this 3-hour marathon masterpiece, which is not boring for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> Since we've been talking here one of the most-discussed (and most controversially discussed) films of all time, let me tell you that the endless dialogues originally characteristic of the early "Nouvelle Vague" by Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais, it seems almost funny in this film. Dialogues are basically monologues, mainly the longest ones that Jean-Pierre Léaud speaks of. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of the speeches of two people are almost nil. Léaud or his character, Alexandre, wants to say more about himself than about the topics he apparently says. That is why it is difficult to talk about communication in this film. It is quite possible that the director meant a huge satire against idle keeping of once so heatedly discussed political and sociological ideas, but the type of man Alexandre has always existed in is already found in Satirikon by Petron, who has a great resemblance to "Mother" and whores ". <br /> <br /> Alexandre does not do anything, but he developed his own kind of metaphysics about the lack of acting, at least acting in the sense of responsibility towards the society of which he is a part. He mocks people who run to work at 7 in the morning, when he's just busy with his last drink, before he goes to sleep in the apartment of one of his girlfriends, whose money he lives in. He can not utter one sentence without quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who is quickly shown in the French intellectual café "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre also sits all day, must serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexandre and his colleagues because they suffer from an existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. However, Alexandre's intellectual speeches tend to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences and jokes he quotes seem to be a quotation rather than his actual reading of relevant books. <br /> <br /> is true: this film requires an extremely broad European knowledge, especially the well-known French existentialist philosophy and consequences for the revolutionary student movement, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life, staring at the amazement TV set and weeping with laughter, like you have not done it for a long time.
