Jake Speed ​​is a movie that lacks one thing? charismatic lead. Unfortunately, this is something that really harms the whole movie and it's a shame, because in my heart it is a nice action movie with a rather witty script and interesting, if derived from the premise. Although its genesis probably stems from the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the film actually plays a bit more like "Romancing the Stone", although in reverse order. He is not the author of a romantic adventure fiction conducted in an adventure by a character very similar to one of her creations. This is an adventure character (which happens to chronicle your own adventures) leading an ordinary woman on one of your adventures. /> <br /> When a young woman went missing in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by an attractive Karin Kopins) becomes entangled in the character of Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his assistant Dennis (Dennis Christopher), who turn out to be true and very flawed units in the adventure that takes them into the heart of a civil war in a torn African state, and ultimately the clutches of two brothers, the miraculous evil of Sida (John Hurt) and his funny camp siblings Maurice (Roy London). This is the story? it is not a maze and it is not complicated, but the story it tells does not require great depth. <br /> <br /> The initial action sequences are attractive and it is certainly true that the heroic trio is subjected to their steps (whether caught in the battle between the government and the rebel forces or fell into the pit of the full lions), and certainly there are quite funny lines . However, the movie seems to be difficult to find the ending and unfortunately the action sequences, which are quite attractive, start nowhere and eventually become a bit bland and irritating. This was not a problem, however, if you could like Jake Speed, but because of the efficiency of Wayne Crawford, it is becoming increasingly difficult to think about what will happen. Now I do not know if it was a bit thin, because he was also the producer and the author of the movie, or he's just not a good actor (because I have not seen him very much), but he never really convinces as a rogue mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> It's a shame because most other characters play their roles well? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing, and her character shares with Jake a nice banter (unfortunately he never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect because the archetypal midfielder and John Hurt play a role in tasting the camp? almost as if it was in a Batman episode from the sixties. He circulates around his few scenes snarling in a funny cockney accent in which he performs almost in a different movie. Sid is not Moriarty (he is portrayed as Jake's nemesis from many of his earlier adventures / books), but it's always cool to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries to convey the same spirit of the movie B as "Night of the Comet" (a movie produced by Crawford a few years earlier) and almost succeeds, but misses? It's a pity, because Jake would be good to watch in a few more adventures and maybe he was better in the TV series. <br /> <br /> I recommend it out of curiosity, but ultimately leaves a bitter taste, because most of the elements had something really good.
