Comedies often have an unfortunate reputation for having a small real depth. Arms and the Man proves that the concept is false. Shaw's art is full of comedy drama, combining a funny story with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in the war; her fiancé and her father are military officers. She is shocked one night after the arrival of the enemy. He saves him, knowing that she will have to keep the incident secret from her family, and the soldier will eventually leave. Of course, when the war is over, the soldier returns, forcing each of the main characters to re-evaluate their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It's quite interesting how Shaw matters in the rather standard comedy. Shaw manages to comment on class constructions, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And of course he does it with the help of a witty joke and a satisfying story. There are so many things to think about here that I think you can overlook a lot in one viewing. Arms and the Man is a great comedy theater and definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is both a funny and inspiring to think film, which keeps its relevance even today's age after it was created. Shaw mocks the popular theories of war and love and combines military satire with mockery about the love and structure of the family. Art has a witty wit, vigorous humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialog is Captain Bluntschli's statement to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I am happy that I can leave him when I do not have one. amateur, you think fighting is fun. " Indeed, as the son of a Swiss hotel owner, Bluntschli had no reason to engage in a war, and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and army on both sides of the fight and at the end shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. <br /> <br /> Dialogue and sarcasm used in relation to common concepts of life is entangled in the gentle assurance of the movement of the story towards a fairytale ending. The end in which all characters become happy, and lovers change and change love, emphasizes the essence of this drama as a comedy. It is a film that maintains its image of having a universal appeal and is still suitable when the concepts of war and patriotism, as well as love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and the Man" should keep its meaning as long as there is love and war.
