Doyle never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his death together with Professor Moriarty in the COMING OF A FINAL PROBLEM. However, financial reasons prompted him (in 1901) to write "THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES", which is still considered to be his best novel and probably his best novel. But it was the "diary" of the great detective, written before his death. Only the greater opposition of his audience led Doyle to the full resurrection of Holmes in THE ADVENTURE OF THE EMPTY HOUSE, published in 1905. <br /> <br /> It's not that new stories (and the last novel) are really bad. Maybe three stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very clear. A few of the later ones (like THE ADVENTURE OF THE SOLITARY CYCLIST) are really very good. However, inequalities in production (especially after the short stories in HIS LAST MALE (1917)) are becoming more and more visible. He repeats the previous stories and shows the really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story THE ADVENTURE OF THREE GABLES, Holmes shows a mocking sarcasm on a figure of African descent. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ENTERS: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUSTUS'S ADVENTURE MILVERTON deals with Holmes, who tries to reclaim compromising letters from Milverton, an extremely successful blackmailer. This is an interesting example of how Doyle could create a very clear story with a minimal story because there is little real detective work in the story. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton regarding the purchase of letters, but to get them back, no matter what! Milverton proves that he not only does not want to consider a smaller amount of money, but prepares himself for protection against Holmes, who is trying to search his person. Later, we find out that Holmes got into Milverton's home, flirting with the maid during dressing up. Eventually, Holmes goes with Watson to break into Milverton's house. He and Watson are at home when they discover that Milverton is waiting for a new deal in his office (someone with information that Milverton can use). Carefully hiding, Holmes and Watson watch a woman come in, who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage caused by Milverton's past actions and who shoots the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson are able to set fire to Milverton's set of compromise documents before escaping from home, and then discover (for himself) the identity of the woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not find out who these two mysterious men are, who run away from Milverton's house, and are so disgusted by Milverton's actions (they've never been able to bring him home) that it's obvious that murder never to be resolved. <br /> <br /> The story is not one of the fascinating, with real detective work, such as the ADVENTURE OF SPECKLED BAND or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story about mood and late action - will Holmes and Watson get papers, or will they be caught by Milverton? This is not one of the best stories, but most stories are really well told and interesting. <br /> <br /> At the time, he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had experience with the police regarding his time of acting as a respectable amateur detective / crusader. The artist was found murdered in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began writing his opinions about the murder. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard, whose murder he did not watch. The victim was homosexual, and the police were sure it spat the lover was terribly bad. Because of the victim's family (it was in 1905), Doyle abandoned interest in the case. He was aware, then, that sometimes the British police were restrained in matters that did not seem to justify their full probing - as Lestrade's reticence over who had killed the wicked Milverton in history. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story that could be told in the normal hour version of the series. But the MASTER BLACKMAILER teleplay spent some time showing the terrible dilemma that Milverton's victims were facing (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young officer of the aristocratic army who is killed in the face of homosexual exposure due to Milverton's extravagant demands, all at the beginning of the teleplay. And not just homosexuals. Men and women with a good reputation in heterosexual marriages can be smeared by discovering illegitimate children or past indiscreet relationships. Indeed, in this story, a woman who kills Milverton, takes revenge for the destruction of her husband (an outstanding nobleman) destroyed by a blackmailer. <br /> <br /> Milverton is well-played in his most poisonous insolence by this amazing actor Robert Hardy, who, even in the face of the unexpected fury that he has unleashed, is completely unmoved (looks like he's just going to show an angry woman in a moment from his home). Brett and Hardwicke do quite well in the roles of Holmes and Watson, as you might expect. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of a character by gossip or insinuation in 1905? In 1898. One of the heroes of various imperial wars and the leader of the last victorious attack in the battle of Omdurman, who destroyed the army of the Mahdists (see FOUR PEN), was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903, when he unexpectedly resigned suddenly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in the hotel waiting for the interrogation. It later turned out that the "Fighting Mac", often considered the most popular army commander in the United Kingdom, was caught sleeping with native boys. Milverton would eat him very fast ... or his real life counterparts.
