"Renaissance (2006)" was created in six years, co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom, at a cost of around 14 million. The end result is a stunning animation in the style of a comic, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved thanks to "Sin City (2005)", but in this video the use of live movement with actors was used to translate their faces and movements for a completely animated format. Presented in a raw black and white film looks like it was raised from the very sides of the graphic novel on which he based, and the futuristic city of Paris looms over us ominously. Directed by French director Christian Volckman, in his feature debut "Renaissance" he draws significantly from other science-fiction movies, and the plot of tech-noir is not something that we have not seen before, but from a technical point of view, is flawless. <br /> <br /> It is 2054. Paris is a crumbling metropolis full of dark streets and empty paths, the recent installation of modern technology offering only a thin mask pathetic degradation of darkened buildings. The largest corporation in the city, Avalon, has achieved wealth by offering citizens a promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly trying to invent more measures to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (voice of Romoli Garai in the English language version, which I watched), a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously kidnapped after returning from work, so the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) discovers her current whereabouts. Probably the key to the disappearance of a woman is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), her big sister Ilona, ​​who's credibility is questioned, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a devoted doctor who adored Ilona as her own daughter. <br /> <br /> The amazing, dimly lit city of Paris resembles Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" (1982), and some technologies look as if they could be borrowed from Tom Cruise in the "Minority Report" (2002) {which by accident it was also set in 2054}. However, despite this knowledge, Volckman created an exciting world in which his heroes live. Combining the classic film noir and science fiction, the effect is eye-catching collage with sharp lighting and dark shadows, which, I should warn, sometimes becomes difficult for the viewer's eyes. Dialogue is sometimes a bit banal, and history, although engaging, does not offer anything striking original (except the ending which I considered a bold phrase in the usual formula), but "Renaissance" is supposed to work best as a visual feast and that in this respect does not succeed , you can not deny it.
