Interrupting the initial sequence is a swarthy man with a strange, too real nightmare. By closing its dystopian Paris in 2054, the film begins to follow a woman into a grungy club where she and a Slavian bartender meet on board. They give each other cheers, so he owes him more money, although he thinks that she paid everything. Another woman obstructs budding violence only to fiercely fight the woman herself. The initial woman explodes and she is kidnapped. Christian Volckman's "Renaissance" seems to be the next on the assembly line of the latest animated science-fiction movies, but despite the fact that this is essentially true, he tells a carefully arranged, classic revival detective story that keeps us in the dark in the first minutes, even when presenting Karas, a cop who we recognize from the beginning as a man waking up from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> The basics of the classic noir movie are a hit without any anachronistic changes, for all intentions and goals. In the severity of his monochromaticity, the French thriller Volckman did not follow the example. Movie animators, uninhibited for the physical lighting challenges that they normally would face, were able to start with a completely black frame and attach completely white stripes depending on the action on the screen. Because they scrupulously mimic the effects of real light sources in the entire frame, the distinction between black and white is fully developed here without even the smallest shades of gray to tone less distinctive moral codes of characters, and the result is a harsh and judgmental vision of the direction in which commercial civilization develops , occasionally caused by the most blinding and absolute illumination. This artistic study of film noir has been transferred to their visual boundary of philosophy and nothing has ever shared the same realization of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All characters in this decent cyberpunk movie seem to be going away from a purely Gothic comic book in black ink, but all their physical reactions, their movements and the nuances of facial expression look on land in bright humanity. Usually, films that try new achievements in the field of animation allow for technical development of all other aspects of production. Sin City, for example, has left the substance and generally good adaptation of the screen from its source material to be desirable. <br /> <br /> It may not be staggering, it may have narrative conventions, and its voice may just be adequate, but Renaissance, made for 19 million dollars in six years, not only feels like a real noir, not a hastily approved measure, but it is also not secondary to all visual innovations that are played by chance. It leaves not so much to think about how good it is when Karas avoids the bullets fired by a crowded glass Paris street, but more about his reflection on life and death, about how tragedies of life, such as death, make life meaningful.
