Every second of the movie is great. And that's why it earns 7, because the plot is not particularly cunning and thinking back in the last 90 minutes, I have never felt any emotion or investment in the form. Luxury graphics and framing have made some scenes (for example car chases) more pedestrian than they should - not because they do not look beautiful and have a very original design, and sometimes new camera angles - but there is a lack of kinetic moves and close-ups that are part of language for any normal action / thriller. The first hour lasts, and the dialogue seems to be very edited and somewhat scenic - people are waiting for themselves to finish and not always respond in their natural cadence, which would be a problem of recording the dialogue of each person separately. In rare cases, the emotions in the voices do not match the emotions on the screen; something that really should have been avoided. Futurist architecture is very attractive (wiele szklanych ści / sufitów / ekranów, beautiful dym / miraż / special effects) and nice looking cars, but again - it's more of an exercise in graphic design that has no real impact on history. I argue that the whole purpose of using cartoon animation (instead of actors / CGI) is to really push the boundaries of imagination and design; do what is too difficult / impractical in other media. Although the Renaissance animation is certainly stunning and incredibly well made, I have never felt that I see something that has not been done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over history and pace. To be honest, some great and captivating French films also have a sluggish pace, and lingering perspectives or rain on Paris pavements can evoke great emotions - but animators must understand that while animation brings unique strengths, it also has weaknesses compared to real technique. Perhaps it would break the "noir" principles that the film wants to stick to, but I think that the filmmakers also missed a glaring opportunity to further explore their future society - social strata, fascist corporate embrace, etc. <br /> <br /> I do not have a problem with the Renaissance recommendation for anyone who likes stylistics and / or animation (especially "Manga" fans), but I would not make my other loving friends sit in it. Take away the impressive visuals and it's just an average movie.
