Imagine the classic lines of the noir tale with hip-stylized black and white Frank Sinner's Sin City images. Then imagine a dystopian science fiction thriller, such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's Darkness Scanner. The combination of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the grim and romantic visionary vision of the French director Christian Volckman in his debut feature film. But although the work of Volckman undoubtedly refers to the previously mentioned films and similar to them, such a simplified hybrid does not make a Renaissance, the final result of Volckman, justice - the film itself is a much more complex work than this one. > <br /> Genre hybridization is usually a hit and a lack, especially in the contemporary context, and the well of individuality seems to be more and more exhausted. As such, the Renaissance is glorious as a cinematic experiment, with its unique interweaving of the minor nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of a dystopian sci-fi drama that complements each other's storytelling conventions in a strange way. The script is clever and intriguing (although you might get the impression that many poems in the script would be much more effective in their original French than English translation - the title of the film becomes much more moving), it manages to stay one step ahead of the audience. Although many elements of the plot seem to be quite familiar to those who often visit such science fiction thrillers, the script throws unexpected twists and turns exactly at the right moment to keep the viewer on his toes, creating a really attractive job. > <br /> Volckman's film really stands out visually, and the stunning black and white animation is certainly the main attraction of the film - extremely atmospheric and stylish, which shows how the huge aesthetic effect can be easily used in two shades. With amazing details about the composition and appearance of each shot and the excellent use of very noir shadows and intriguing angles to emphasize the emotional tension of the scene, the movie comes straight from Frank Miller's comic book, but with a surprise, the end result is consistently visually sumptuous. <br /> <br /> The English interpretation of the film is also added to the credibility thanks to a very good voice casting kit. The surly voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect piece of casting for a grim, stoic police officer, Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as a mysterious woman whose disappearance is investigated by his sister. In spite of the shaky English accent, Romola Garai is doing great as the crazy sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce is as dangerous as the suspected head of Avalon's evil megacorporation. The mysterious voice of Ian Holm is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes a powerful impression in his short scenes. <br /> <br /> In total, Renaissance offers a fantastic, unique and fascinating futuristic thriller, just like an intelligent one, because it is fun. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who often visit them, and sometimes a weak line can stop the film from being a capricious masterpiece, the excellent animation itself easily moves the film through its sporadic scruples. For fans of one of the interwoven film genres or difficult graphic novels of Frank Miller, or those who want to appreciate a skilfully made, slightly less conventional approach to a futuristic thriller, the movie is worth watching. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
