One of the reasons why Pixar has survived so well and has been so successful is that while their films remain technical miracles and visual mosaics, they have a story that suits their style. And often a very moving style: influential, charming and intergenerational. The fact that much Anime (broadly speaking) and many other animations do not match their technical virtuosity with the real substance is, I think (and I may be wrong) partly because either the creators do not care about the character and the story and focus too much on the sound and the picture, and the effort put into creating some of the animations is so huge, so enervating that they have no energy to create a truly engaging story. <br /> <br /> The same can not be said about the renaissance. There are errors in his story, but I'll get to that later. The same disadvantages are not reflected in the graphics - Renaissance is not staggering now. Ultra-high contrast images (sometimes so high contrast that they are only one face or one beam of visible light) and amazing details are always impressive, always a joy. Futuristic Paris at the show is a gloomy offspring of the Blade Hunter and the Brave New World; dark, dark, quite prosperous, and even clean, but covered with intrigues, corporate misdeeds, obsessed with beauty (in the end, the capital of the catwalk) and hiding misery and neglecting its labyrinthine fragments with veneer of monumental, refined architecture. br /> <br /> It's a fascinating environment, not entirely original, but great. The highly advertised motion-capture technology and the extraordinary care for human and design trinkets result in images for which a black and white photographer could die. It's not about the details making it impossible to entertain, because Christian Volckman is doing some great action sequences: chasing hell behind the skin, a few macabre (ingenious) murders, a few quarrels in the dark and nasty dust in a dark apartment. The locations are great too (I want to visit the night club). While the main character of Karas is your usual policeman from the shelf, the other two characters (sisters) are the real engines of the movie. Derived from the war-torn Eastern Europe, the products of war, diaspora and family spots are an irresistible metaphor for all of Europe. <br /> <br /> The film is unbelievably atmospheric, it has stunning, quirky tricks - camera movements and adults' tones for a very immersive experience. However, the conspiracy ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which Karas' unstoppable assault must find Ilona Tasuiev, a dead, wonderful and pioneering scholar, after she was torn out of the street. The evil Avalon corporation (is ANY corporation never being sinister?), Over which she worked on "secret" projects, is hellishly focused on her recovery, and soon Karas is on the back in official reprimands, dead bodies, cigarettes smoke and narrow balls, and falling in love with sister Ilona Bislane (very kindly expressed by Catherine McCormack), when she immerses the depths of the dirty suburbs of the city (and her own past). <br /> <br /> Text - noir book, in other words, but although I enjoyed the movie much more than Sin City (to which it bears visual similarity), plot and resolution are boring, the subject of immortality is raised, but never examined, and the shenanigans of Avalon's high-speed president Paul Dellenbach is also boring, cutting off a lot of dramatic tensions. The basic ideas are well-known science-fiction materials and there is a nagging sense that the visuals and atmosphere hide the mundane material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is clear and perfectly coherent, even if some scenarios with which characters meet, sometimes turn out to be an excuse for technical demonstrations of wizards. But this projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of a different city from scratch makes this film something you can see. Perhaps I take it too seriously, and if it is, I can at least say that it is superbly made, extremely funny (and quite mature), and with the atmosphere like no other.
