History says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered in the Paris Indien Du Grand Café to see Cinématographe, a supposedly new invention that resulted from the work done by several photographers named August and Louis Lumière. A small audience met that day (some at the invitation, mainly because of curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photo appeared on the screen, most felt that the Cinématographe was just another fancy idea of ​​the projection slide show. As long as photography did not start to move. What thirty-three people experienced with admiration on this cold December day was the first public display of a moving image displayed on the screen; history was written and cinema, as we know, was born that day. <br /> <br /> Of the 10 short films that were shown during this historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Exit from the Lumière factory") was the first one that was shown. The film shows many employees of the Lumière factory, who pass through the gates of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a hard day's work. The film is a very basic "acting film" (a movie showing a real event), but it surprised all viewers because their concept of moving images was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" (Kinetoscope), the brothers' invention was like nothing they had seen before, so the audience she stood in awe when people and horses moved across the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince made the first movie in 1888), but the way the film was shown was simply revolutionary. <br /> <br /> "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" will become the first in a long series of "current movies" that Lumière will produce over the years. This primitive form of the documentary was a favorite type of brothers' film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the applications that Cinématographe could have had. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first show Cinématographe was a great success, and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became the iconic image of this first show. Surely this was not the first movie made by the brothers this year and probably it was not the best of the 10 films shown that day (I personally think that 'L'Arroseur Arrosé' was the best of 10); but it really makes sense that the first movie was to open a pair of gates, as if literally, this movie opened the gates to the cinema as we know it. 8/10
