I just came back from the cinema late in the night and it was really quiet, because most of the audience were thinking about the black and white images of the partitions, the movement of freedom, etc., which was very much like life "faced by our ancestors! In this context there was no tel / fax / internet in those days, but for the very voice of Truth and Non-violence, cinematography inspired the spirit of austere reality of adversity among the harsh paradise. <br /> <br /> Gandhi showed up as a hard-working Attorney in South Africa, who advocated his basic ideologies and gave all the conviction to spread the awareness of the same with humility and holiness, which for the spoken General Smut's speech was shown as nice goodbye screen. He had the best-worded speech with subtle humor and a hidden threat to the British paradise in India! It was a nice remark when he said that we are praying in silence to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician is set to India (towards sanctity). <br /> <br /> The background of a large family with many children needs mention of the obvious divisible mind and love that had to cast this spell on the psyche of an unhappy kid who was left alone to aspire for unrealistic ambitions. Little Harilal knew about his talents and emotionally endured little pleasures in life and failed in front of his father's great idol. He tries to move away from mentoring, which is the basis of any success that must be seen by lucky neighbors in the streets of Gandhi's residence, when Harilal opens his frustration in the open. This means that he becomes mentally weak and mentally turns so much that he is forced into religious conversions and alcoholism, with debt and disobedience that fuels his negative thoughts. He continued to show sincere love for his mother through sensitive scenes, and even the modest statements of Gandhi of Harilala to forgive him, did not fulfill any conclusions in his mind, because he was always afraid of Father Gandhi. <br /> <br /> he could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he had expected and was brought into rebellion when he could not understand the delivery of a scholarship by his father to his cousin on the basis of equal merit, he saw a missed opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> It must have been his victim thrown in the street as a beggar when all India celebrated Indepedence! Living without a means of life is never changing, but it may turn out that the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi alone brings emotional silence. In the end, Harilal's last stormy thoughts are shown as a retrospection to keep the audience in check and wonder where the nation's father goes wrong? he was clever enough to be mentally strong to lead one army and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show British and rival forces that when it comes to the interest of the nation, nothing comes in between. but to read the heart of Mahatma, one must live outside the family and see what an emotionally naïve harilal can not see living inside .... <br /> <br /> It is a pity that such naive harilals continue to ruin the efforts of many Mahatma fathers in many families in today's life and have used drugs, alcoholism and God knows what he thinks !! Here is the message for all these brave sainiks (soldiers) - sons, please, respect the father of the nation! and happiness will be given, otherwise it will be a disaster in anticipation, right?
