It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to let Gandhi (1982) simply tell the story of a great person who had just passed this planet. For director Feroza Abbas Khan, who made his debut as a filmmaker, it had to be a lot harder to Gandhi was my father, putting shrunken against international anti-hero character, which was historically true man, and ironically, the father and son. The events in the film are mostly true. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, establishing high moral standards for the world. However, these same standards aspirations obscured his eldest son Harilala to a lawyer with a similar reputation, like his father, to complete education and get a job in India, and thus provide income of their nuclear family. <br /> <br /> the film does not disprove Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than the aspirations of his family. He loved his family and cared for them, although his thoughts about appeasing them were hazy because of his ideal for caring for the masses. He was in favor of equality and dignity among all people, and in his opinion, in order to give special, undue benefits to his son, who overlooked other deserved persons, went against what he preached. The film shows an extraordinary case of parenthood in which an idealist parent places retreats for less than genius. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that has happened. The son marries the beloved of childhood, upsetting his father. The father violates the son's educational aspirations in a few key moments. The fragile relationship between a devoted son and father breaks when the son wants to stand on his own feet and take care of his nuclear family. While the father gradually becomes the father of the nation, the son stumbles in a bold search for identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks consolation in religion, striking between Islam and Hinduism. His relationship with his mother remains all his torment until he is guilty of being drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a director of plays that enters the cinema. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma Vs. Gandhi, who had a significant influence on the Indian theater community. The performance and consistent film were based on two biographies: Chandulala Dalala and Nilamben Parekh. The success of the staging was the obvious reason why the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor produced this noteworthy film. Every time a good director tries to try to direct a movie, there is evidence of distrust of the medium. Peter Brook is a great theater director, but less competent as a film director. The initial shots of Chan's film promise great cinema? Abandoned Harilal Gandhi is brought to Sion hospital in Bombay (Mumbai), barely muttering that his father is Bapu (popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), the father of the nation. Hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying of poverty and loneliness. Apart from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately simply presents a wonderful story and wonderful pictures of the father and son meditating in silhouette. In the case of the Indian film he presents some high values ​​of production, which go hand in hand with the lack of interest in details (clothes most of the Indians in the film seem to be free of dust and freshly laundered, modern hairstyles actors, and even Shefali Shah playing the wife of Mohandas Gandhi hundred years ago with oskubanymi eyebrows, the bane of Indian cinema. Because Feroz Khan is the personality of the theater, has invested much more effort into working with the actors to develop characters than on the details cinema, like Sir Attenborough, another person, which is also a product of the theater (the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts) . <br /> <br /> Knowing quite well that criticizing Gandhi in any way asking for trouble, even if the film was not a direct criticism, producer Anil Kapoor made an unusual decision not to include movie posters in height available in India, fearing that someone could tear a poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> With all his mix of size and error, Gandhi, my father throws a few questions for the viewer. Is the mother-son bond stronger than the bond between father and son in parenthood? Is the nearest family less important than humanity in general? Does anyone seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when they encounter problems with the world? In this movie, Harilal, struck by adversity, moves from one religion to another, while his father quotes the scriptures "Forgive them because they do not know what they are doing" when they were beaten and thrown to the ground by a South African policeman convinced of the value of religion and conviction other. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress Award at the International Film Festival in Tokyo for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and the Indian Critics' Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor did a very good job with a delicate theme and provoked extraordinary performances by the ensemble of actors. I hope that the international success of the film will pave the way for some gifted director who will film another genius Indian playing Girish Karnada Tughlaq one day to meet international quality standards.
