Tales from the Crypt: Everything in the home begins on Christmas Eve when Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), pulls his body out, ready to throw them to the well, but this is missing an important news bulletin on the radio, who says that the deadly maniac (Larry Drake) disguised as Santa Claus escaped from a local psychiatric hospital and has already killed several women with Elizabeth on his list, but has other ideas and tries to change the seemingly dangerous situation on its predominance ... < br /> <br /> History Tales from the Crypt was the episode 2 of the first season, directed by one of the regular executive producers of the series Robert Zemeckis And All Through the House is a decent watch. Fred Dekker's script was basically based on the story appearing in the comic "The Vault of Horror" and was originally adapted to the film as one episode from an ancient horror film by Britsih Tales from the Crypt (1972), in which Joan Collins acted as a murderer as a wife's character by Ellen Trainor. This particular version is good enough, but it does not do anything else or special and is a bit too linear and predictable to be considered classical. In just 25 minutes it certainly moves at a good pace, the story is macabre enough and generally provides decent entertainment and I really liked the end of the downbeat. This time, Christmas motifs open and close Crypt Keeper segments (John Kassir) along with regular punks. <br /> <br /> The director Zemeckis does a good job and there is a nice winter atmosphere with a touch of Christmas. . There is not much blood here, someone has poker in his head, someone's face is cut by icicles, someone's arm is cut with an ax and there's some blood splattering, but overall, it's not the graphic. The operation of a small cast is quite good. <br /> <br /> And everything in the house is not the best story from the crypt, but it is decent everything, worth seeing, but after telling the comic and the original movie version from 1972, did we really need it or did we even want it?
