Gandhi My Father Feroza Abbas Khan, a film that sheds light on the break of the relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilalem Gandhi. A story that is as dramatic as the one the movie tries to say, it is a pity that the director will not tell her dramatically. Gandhi, My Father tells you how boring a history lesson that put you to sleep at school. Now the film aims to convey one very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to be an honest man, became an unjust father. This point appears many times in the film, and one of the examples given in this section is the scholarship for England, which Gandhi denies his son twice. Instead of showing us how exactly Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what was happening in his head, the director simply moves along with the story, thus not allowing us to be witnesses to the growing reluctance Harilal experiences with his father. That's why when we finally see Harilal's blast, it looks like he's reacting excessively. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to emphasize here that we never really understand exactly why Harilal became the rebel he did. We never really understand why he turned to Islam and then again to Hinduism. The thing is, we never understand Harilal at all. And that's because the director of the movie is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom that most of us already know. Put simply, Gandhi, My Father promises to investigate the tense father-son relationship, but it does not show us where the cracks in this relationship appeared for the first time. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being Gandhi's son, but show us why it was a burden at first. Show us cases of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi only says he is against Harilala's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough that Kasturba blames her husband for the way her son turned out - for constantly transporting him between the schools in Gujarat and South Africa, for forcing him to move every time Gandhi had to move. Words are not enough, show us how these incidents shaped the figure of Haril Gandhi. What's more, instead of sticking to the weak subject of this weak relationship Gandhi and Gandhi, the film disappears into too many tangents, thus weakening the impact of the theme. It was never supposed to be a film about the struggle for independence, but in many cases it looks exactly like that because the director feels almost obliged to carry us through all the major events leading to this historic moment, although it does not matter much to the basic assumption the film - a father-son stormy relationship. So you see that the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very misleading movie. What happens to Harilal's children after the death of his wife? Have you ever had a relationship with them? Where suddenly they disappear after one scene in which we see them with Mahatma and Kasturi? None of these questions can be found in the film, which in principle was about the relationship in the Gandhi family. A film version of the extremely popular play directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father is a disappointment, no questions asked. In terms of cinematography, he tries to translate the ambitious intention of the director to the screen. Virtually every scene in the film opens and closes with the help of fading and disappearing, never quite smoothly leading to each other. The positive side is the innate nobility of the film you recognize. The director makes every effort to ensure a balanced narrative, trying not to take sides, never judging either father or son, neither painting nor black. The film shows, however, that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals could shape the nation, but he apparently put off his family. Of all the actors in the film, it's just Akshaye Khanna, who really shines in the role of a lucky Hariland Gandhi. It's a great performance and it's not easy because the role covers practically the whole life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare mixture of innocence and despondency to this part and manages to make Harilala a regrettable figure. Just watch him in this scene, in which he discovers that his wife is dead, and you will realize how much he only communicates through body language. Meanwhile, Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, adopts a grotesque approach to playing Mahatma in later years, but it is the way in which he humanizes a man in his youth as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the best contribution of the actor to this role. Abundantly gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturi, a woman who is to be torn in this father-son conflict, but if she is unable to grasp this feeling of helplessness, it is not really her fault because it is the fault of a rickety scenario. A lot of effort has been put into creating this movie, as you can see throughout the text, but the film suffers from this unavoidable flaw that will eventually get you in mind when you leave the cinema - it's just boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi My father is a sincere effort, but also a movie that he could do with a much stricter scenario. We learn from the film that Gandhi and Harilal are very unhappy. And thanks to this film, the director also helped us.
