For a long time, we've seen movies on Gandhi. And above all, light always presents Gandhi as a freedom fighter or a man with principles. But when I heard that a film was made that would accentuate Gandhi as a Father and emphasize his relationship with the Son, immediately caught my attention because it is one territory that is least explored because it has its own dark side and fewer people showed the courage to be in it live. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (director) did it. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi's work in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. Later, Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become an attorney, but his dream turned out when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) him to be a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes more in practical research than in formal education. Harilal also tries to follow in the footsteps of his father, but he soon failed when his infatuation with his wife, children and his own dream of becoming a great success changed his path, and then began to repulse between his son and father. In the end, he defeated his father when it comes to realizing his dreams and leaving him on his own terms. He wrote back to India, but then he began his unsuccessful stories, which in time become bigger. I leave the reader to see a movie to catch another story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. So far, he gave the best performance of his term and is absolutely convincing in his role of Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reaches the room in which his wife's dead body is located is a scene in which you can see a beautiful actor who is hidden / is developing in Akshay. Darshan Jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and is able to meet such a great character of life. He performed well and with great ease. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a great actress and has already proven her metal in television series. Bhumika chawla also did a good job, but the actress of her candidacy is wasted in this kind of role. Other actors also justify their performances. <br /> <br /> Technique and makeup are also good and cinematography, especially that Duo imaging in color was too good. The costume looks and fits the context. <br /> <br /> In general, a video that is defiantly slow and impatient can be boring, but it gives you an insight into an area that is not displayed on the screen until the date. Also the way in which the story and the combination of the scene may look worn by some people and critics, especially for the average film observer like me, is still enough to take my place to the end.
