I've been waiting for such a superhero movie for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes place among the classic comics on television, such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". In each of them lives the same spirit: a comic tone in the cheek; courage to strive for heroism in life, risking ridicule; not sure how the characters manage to outweigh their opponents. This is a badly ignited spark of noblemen firing in weak and ordinary, and it is great to see how it shines so high and bright. <br /> <br /> "Mysterious men" are opening at a nursing home party. I would like Kinka Usher to make sense to give more energy and life to older people on stage. It looks like George Romero came up with it. We must have the impression that these old people are as smart as everyone else, or feel patronizing. Before Red Eyes breaks the ceremony, you expect that Tom Waits, who plays the inventor with passion for women over eighty, gets up and yells: "Only what this party needs - some excitement!" If writer Neil Cuthbert had any sense, he would have Expect Cheeks to mix him with intruders and get Party people to do the same. It would create a thrilling start and a better introduction of the troublesome trio: Shoveler (William Macy); Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller) who seems out of the blue to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems for "Mystery Men" than I would like to enter; among them, the villain, Casanova Frankenstein, must have the same sense of absurdity as the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is a bad actor for this role; it must be above the peak, so that the conflict between good and evil is a galvanic conflict. And Rush never showed talent for this venture. You dream about mature theater of John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or about the dry, uncertainty of Paul Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Instead, we get pastiche; something half-baked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> Too many ideas lead through the "Mystery Men" so that everyone can bind them well, and this can be his deepest problem. But any mess is the kind of mess I love. Ben Stiller always seemed to drool in his roles. This one is no exception, but he goes with such conviction that you left, feeling that he had learned something about a comedy growing up in a house run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is associated with all the imposed, overly sensitive, chronically protected types that Woody Allen has become popular with. And whether the point is to reach the feelings of the waitress at his favorite meeting place (elegant Claire Forslani), or question the wisdom of another superhero (Wes Studi as Sphinx) or give a new member of their "elite" group (Jeaneane Garofalo in probably the funniest moments on the screen) hard, makes watching is always pleasant. I could not accurately say about him in "There Something About Mary". <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo proves that she should be the star of "One True Thing" and not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen a more fun exchange between a daughter and father (okay, so he's dead, and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. The funny part of this role is that it feels like a crazy reprise of captivating conversations between Emily Watson and God in "Breaking the Waves". In this version, the girl does not die, and the bells do not ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy is doing something very difficult; does a magnetic magnet. You understand immediately what attracted Jenifer Lewis' Lucille to Eddie. You can also understand her irritation. Grilling alone would be enough to oust me, but when the son of Eddie's lovely half-breed looks at his father and says, "I believe in you, Dad." to which Lucille groans and calls: "Roland, do not encourage your father," you feel you want to stand and greet Neil Cuthbert as a prime joke. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only moment in the film so far was the movie "Bird Cage") and Louise Lasser (Has it been more than two decades since we first noticed the "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") As a son and mother who share the love for silver; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his columnist; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as "Spleen"; and Lena Olin, who, if she did not have a few lines in the movie she has, seems to be visiting the set.
