Director Kinka Usher remains true to his credo: "Play it straight, and they will laugh" and with the help of a great cast, he created what should become the iconic film of all time, "Mystery Men". When an evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a psychiatric facility, he captures a local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take over the title of Champion City, three would-be superheroes, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. A countless assortment of underground scum has joined Frankenstein, which has become a dangerous opponent. The trio realizes that help is needed and decides to recruit; what they end up with is nothing more than the most unforgettable group of "superheroes" ever created in the history of cinema. Mr. Furious has a rage; A shovel, his shovel; Blue Raja throws cutlery (mainly forks and an occasional spoon, but never a knife); The Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible until no one is watching; Sphinx (Wes Studi), heavy hit from the south, is very mysterious and can break his weapon in half with his mind. Maybe; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw the ball with deadly accuracy; and Spleen (Paul Reubens) wields flatulence that can overpower the entire room. It is a brilliant song that provides laughter without becoming patronizing or condescending to the public, playing all the time straight. The dialogue is witty, and the performances of Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are many unforgettable, funny scenes, especially those in which they organize a party by the pool and grill to recruit and conduct interviews with a stunning collection of candidates; and another, at the bar, when Melonik speaks with his long-dead father, whose skull was implanted in a bowling ball. However, the funniest thing must be when the band actually tries to save the Captain Awesome. But these are just examples, because the whole movie consists of one funny scene after another, interspersed with subtle humor that will make you laugh and think about it for a long time. The real secret to his success, though, is that Usher keeps it all; the relationships between the characters are real, and the whole concept of being a "superhero" is played as completely reasonable, which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the whole proceedings. In this world, Mr. Mad's and the others' aspirations are sustained, and Usher holds back the laughter from resorting to a slapstick or ordinary gags. A solid supporting cast is Lena Olin (dr Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (mother of Blue Raja), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired film that can be watched over and over again, guaranteeing a new chuckle at every viewing. In the immortal words of the Sphinx: "We are number one! Everyone else is number two or lower. Is this an Oscar worth movie? Hardly; but for good fun and lots of laughter, we invite you to this masterpiece of comedy; This is a real opportunity and you will not regret it. I rate this 10/10.
