I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 when I was on vacation. When I got home, I went to see him again. Remember, I was twelve, but at the time it was the coolest movie ever. I have collected very rare action figures (I have all of them, except for Bowler, who is the hardest to find.) They made Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and Captain Amazing, in case you wonder. H. Macy's, I've watched him many times over the years and he's still my favorite, mainly because of childhood memories, it's not a perfect movie, but he definitely deserves a different look and maybe a cult. <br /> < br /> History: a group of low-level superheroes save the day.This was also repeated in the average direct movies "The Specials." But this is the other end of the spectrum: a big budget (I think about a huge budget, almost $ 100 million) studio comedy. the effects are exaggerated, and the huge sets and the great production design are a little more contemplated, but do not consider this a stupid super effect movie about superheroes - it's PARODY, they're fighting a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychofraculator, whatever it is (it's an extermination device, will take over the world, yada yada.) And the superhero's resident, Captain Amazing (from Zappa Brannigan, Greg Kinnear, with commercial products-logo on his costume, nice touch) is kidnapped. Time for Mysterious People: Mr. Mad (Ben Stiller, get angry), Shovel (William H. Macy, beats shovels), Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, the British, throws forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, bowls), Invisible Boy ( Kel Mitchell, guess what he does), The Spleen (the great Paul Reubens, farts) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut the thoughts in half, I'm not kidding). The rest of the fantastic cast of character actors is Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin is heavily assembled as a bride Cassanova, and the only Tom Waits as a crazy weapon salesman. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush there are four Oscar-nominated (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits! However, this is not perfect. It is too long and here and there the splotches are spewing (The Shoveller them full). <br /> <br /> The dialogue definitely prevails over a physical comedy that sometimes is missing (there is a guy who farts for his power, the case is closed). Dialogue is certainly the culmination of the Sphinx's cyclic wanderings, mixed metaphors of Mr. Furiousa etc. It's just a funny movie (you'll almost forget that it was a movie that allowed "All Star" Smashmouth). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film did not go as well with the critics and the audience as it should. Initially planned to continue (the film is actually based on comics and characters from the comics "The Flaming Carrot." Flaming Carrot is scheduled to continue, I think), but it did not drop out well at the box office. It could have been a difficult sale, a superhero comedy with a guy from "There Something About Mary". It may also be the fact that it was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which turned out to be the biggest hit in August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair". Two other unintelligible classics were released on the same crowded weekend, which is strange - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". Critics gave MM good reviews, but they were quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, in the comedy "Roast of Jerry Stiller", comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller that I "saw" Mystery Men "and I released MY agent." Ben sees her say the words, "I should do it." Do not listen to him. Give 'Mystery Men' a chance.
