You know that people in the film are involved in it when the royal hail falls from the clear sky. In fact, the weather is quite bad in this atmospheric thriller and only the lawyer Chamberlain has the answer. But, as I understand it, it is too much a European rationalist to get in touch with that inner being that only reveals itself through dreams. <br /> <br /> A dark original mystery heavy with metaphysics from the director-writer Peter Weir. Already at the Picnic in Hanging Rock (1975) he proved his skills of flirting with other dimensions. This is the mysterious world of Australian Aborigines, which confronts the tightly ordered world of dominant whites. Something strange happens in the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Yuppie Chamberlain's lawyer is to defend them at the white man's court. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things happen, and the more he is interested in the strange old Aboriginal who is entering him. And then there are the terrifying dreams that come and go in strange times. <br /> <br /> A well-constructed scenario deepens the interest. One of the reasons the film works is the normal normality of Chamberlain's wife and small daughters. Recipients can easily identify with them. And when their small world falls into forces that go beyond the usual framework, normality begins to bend and we have the impression that the worlds are beginning to collide. Chamberlain is being impersonated, especially during an underground exploratory tour where I think he should have been more aware than he. After all, it's capturing a mask that holds the key (I believe) in a puzzle, but its reaction does not really register revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the notion striking the nature now has a resonance, thirty years later. In the film the concept is wrapped with a lot of entertainment hocus, but the subject remains eloquent. One of the ways of extracting the central irony in the film is the symbolism of the opening scene. A large white SUV barrels beside an indigenous family, leaving them in historic dust. The area looks like an internal tribal reservation, which is of no particular importance for the coastal places where the industry lives. However, it is also a region that most likely will survive something like the destructive last wave. Perhaps there is something about the past and the future to think about it. <br /> <br /> In any case, it's a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
