Spoilers I loved later episodes from college and later, but I would like to be able to get the last season of the DVD. Unfortunately, the newest one I could get is the first season in college. The teenagers were still cute; although they were very focused on magic, they also made her a figure that teenagers could associate with deafening adolescents and children in divorced families. This performance was very innocent; they did not get into morbid teenage problems, such as sex and drugs, but they did not cope with pressure to fit in. I loved watching him grow up and deal with magic on his own and try to convince his aunts to let her go when she left the nest. Older episodes were cute, but it was much better to see her as (well, not really a teenage witch), but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In earlier episodes, my aunts were great actresses, but they were so harsh, nice and loving, but in some ways they treated her like a small child, but not in every way. I mean, they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic, that is, let her learn from her mistakes once! That's what I liked about the college episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes, not relying on everything; It was annoying. Do not put aside Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and she was perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode in which she escaped from married Harvey, but as someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened next. I mean, I believe it was obvious that they were getting married; elsewhere would they run away in their wedding dress? But I would like to see it. I suspected that they wanted to leave the viewer the choice of the end, not the teaspoon he gives us, like most comedies. Someone said they could show them their wedding and go to school at home, but they finished their studies. Sabrina had a great job for the magazine and I think Harvey did a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment, which we see only at the end, but never say what he's doing. As a child, they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his father. When Sabrian moved home this season, they never really explain how it happened. Actually, there are many things that the presentation does not explain, but I suppose it has to leave it to us and give it a secret. Before Sabrina and her friends moved home, they show Hilda getting married and all this spell that ends with Zelda turning into a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda is in a different form, but Beth does not have her in this episode), but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened when they had children? Maybe they did not want too much in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister, who played a broken cousin! She was a beautiful and great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up! I can not believe it's been six years since the show went up! I still love replays! Besides, I do not know if anyone noticed this, but in earlier episodes the city was called Westbridbe (a fictitious city, which I think was supposed to be near Salem), but in later episodes, do not mention the name of the city, which is quiet Westbridge and I think that they call it Boston, unless it was there that she worked. I also wanted to add that I found an episode of "Wild Wild Sabrina" in which I learn how important the rules are to be offensive. She was 18 years old and too old to be grounded; I would be offended if my parents confirmed me when I was 18 years old. I think that while the 18-year-old can spoil what she has done, they have to learn the consequences themselves. I think that at the age of 18 they know that the rules are important.
