I have this movie on DVD and I've seen it thirty times. I have to really love it, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> Before that I was a surfer and I loved this sport. To this day, I'm fascinated by good surfing. The Giants riders have so many, so I'm a sucker of all this. But I definitely have several bones to choose from. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First of all, the movie has too little faith in it. The cutting and editing of the waves is such that most of them are ruined in a way. Very, very few waves are shown from beginning to end. Peralta seems to depend on the hyper-kinetic method of cutting and pace. It's getting particularly bad in the middle of Mavericks in Northern California. No single wave ends. Almost the entire Mavericks section (one-third of the movie) is a shocking editing of clips with an equally shocking soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta tried to achieve with Mavericks, because this place is a really terrifying mix of crushing bone waves in an icy open ocean cave, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not only a bad trip with acid. The waves are ridden there, even with big performances. It would be good to see some of them. If Peralta thinks it's a great sport (and I'm sure it is), why does he insist on the topic so much? Sometimes editing reduces the film to impenetrable. There is one quick clip in the section about Peahi in Hawaii, which I still do not understand. Even if I run it in slow motion on DVD, the image is too fast to be read. It must be a few frames to the max. <br /> <br /> Secondly, did the guys who created this thing learn about understatement? Particularly angry is watching the narrators version on DVD. These guys sound like two girls from the mountain valley. The same feeling appears in the main production. Every thing is always so damn "amazing", etc. One character in particular is simply unbearable - Sam George, editor of Surfer Magazine, who practically pees in pants every time he has something to say. He is super addictive in the movie. <br /> <br /> There is a huge effort in this movie. I mean, to get old film shots, as well as all interviews. The film is a great story and I think it is generally a thrilling entertainment. Thematic is well laid out, with three parts focused around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are phenomenal applications of still photography. In the narrative of directors, they say that it is a new kind of 3D technology and really works. The three main characters shine, both in interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport in a way that I've seen only in basketball Michael Jordan. And the story of his meeting with his father is a jewel. It really moved me. <br /> <br /> Just a movie could have been much more. The last part of the movie, when you roll credits, gives you a hint as to what could have been. There are several beautiful panoramic photos with a great soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is nonsense, though you might like it if you're a fan of a modern, crazy rock school.) Anyway, there are my two cents ...
