Wow! Stacy Peralta follows Dogtown and Z-Boys with an equally stunning documentary about the history of surf culture on big waves in America. Combining archival material with interviews with legends of surfing, we are transferred into the bold and vivid life of the first pioneers whose passion for sport gave birth to the industry that today affects millions of people. <br /> <br /> We get to know these icons and their stories that give the film warmth. You feel the respect that Peralta has for this group when we hear Greg Noll's relationship from the pack of stunned surfers on the beach to personally challenge the 50-foot waves on the north coast of Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark, surfing the scandalously dangerous Maverick on the north coast of California for 15 years before he was discovered and became the target of surfing in California. And the story of Laird Hamilton's book, today's surfing icon. Hearing Greg Noll respectfully refer to Hamilton as the best surfer I have ever sent a shiver through in my spine. <br /> <br /> (By the way, Noll, Clark and others were at Sundance shows.) Noll humbly described himself as old, he was very moved by the audience and the movie, and he and Clark were just as personally friendly as in the movie .) Giants riders pay tribute to these amazing athletes, while rewarding us with insight into the enormity and terrifying power of the waves they want to conquer, the vertical drops that get into them, and the almost unfathomable combination of adrenaline and fear, that internet users experience every time they receive a monster. <br /> <br /> All this and the movie has more. For those of us who did not live in California in the 1960s, we have an insight into the impact of surfing on American pop culture. (And, to my surprise, the influence of the Gidget movie on surfing!), Peralta also wins a technical element in some aspects of sport and the history of innovation in equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was totally fascinated by this film. Peralta is trying to get the Big Kahuna title of American documentary films.
