Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that immerses deeply into the world of one of the most underrated sports and shows very human and raw emotions that can only be captured by director Stacy Peralta. Everything from the structure, through the players, to the amazing footage, and even the style in which it was filmed, only strengthened the beauty and strength of the surfing sport. Of all the surf movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid), it was the most consistent and relevant. Starting from the early age of surfing (a short history lesson) lasting until the infamous Laird ride, Riding Giants goes further into the mind, heart and soul of sport than any of these other documentaries. How does he do it? By giving us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fictionalizing or shredding jigs from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> To start this movie, it was structurally sound. In other movies that I've seen about surfing, sometimes you jump from a new person to a new person, wave to wave, you happen to a party without knowing why? In the Riding Giants we have a very small cast of veterans and beginners. It really lets you delve into the mind of each of them. In addition, instead of just going by waves, we pass the world more history and personal insight than before. That's what attracted me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (because it is a big wave movie), we listen to stories and see firsthand what these surfers had to overcome to get to these waves. I loved information about "sunbathers" or surfing fathers. I'm still impressed by the amazing stories of Greg Noll and his early adventures in sharp, deep blue. Then, to see him in person, talking about what was happening in his mind, he only added more fuel to the fire. The simple structure that Peralta followed, let me follow and go with more knowledge about sport than in previous films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not resist amazement at what these brave people have done and where the sport is going. <br /> <br /> Add intense and creative pictures to the flawless structure, and you have a complexion near the perfect movie. Using the techniques that I saw last in the film "The Kid in the Image", horse giants create scenes that almost feel as if they were jumping out of the screen. Although it is not a three-dimensional image, it is the impression of a flat dimension that appears when you place two images on top of each other. In this movie it worked. It created more depth of the scenes and really added not only the value of shock (man these waves were huge), but also the danger that these guys were constantly facing. If he broke himself differently or maneuvered badly, these waves would kill them. Some died, but it did not stop the sport. It created only more emotions and more passion to do better. It is love for the ocean and sport that leads me to the last point. <br /> <br /> The human element. Many of my previous adventures in the world of documentary films about surfing left me with beautiful waves, but very little about people. The movies knew that people were watching the waves, so they basically go from wave to wave, or maybe from a short second to a person. This film was the opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece, still giving us waves, but devoting much more attention to the surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What drives through their minds, which drives them to go further, and the ties that arise when they are there in the wild blue there. I felt that after watching this film, I not only knew more about surfing the big waves, but also about the emotional side of this sport. It was an element not so developed in other films and pushed the Riding Giants to a whole new level of personal. <br /> <br /> In general, the film was brilliant. I have never witnessed so much passion, devotion and love in a structurally healthy film. From the beginning to the end I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won the Oscar this year for the best documentary and saw a new revival in the world of surfing and opened more doors to films about this nature. <br /> <br /> Class: *** ** outside *****
