"Where the pavement ends (1950)" opens, respectively, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys inscribed on the sidewalk when dirty water flows between the lattice grates. The pavement represents respect, honesty and morality? there are only scammers and criminals in the gutter. But even the most honorable men have a tendency to deter, and when the pavement suddenly ends, sometimes it turns out impossible to not wet the shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father was a professional criminal and spent all his life struggling on the sidewalk, eternally balanced on the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the decency and honesty that his father lacked, but he has a vile band that he can not escape. When his quick temper leaves him suspected of assassination, Dixon considers himself the father he despised, a cheap criminal who cheats and lies to conceal his crime. <br /> <br /> "Where the pavement ends" was the only film that brought together Dave Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the excellent "Laurie" (1944), "although two films, if noir goes, they can not be further from each other. While the earlier picture had a strong intimacy with the story of murder in a country house, this film is more conventional as a brutal urban police drama. Given her amazingly memorable Laura Hunt performance, it is unfortunate that Tierney is grossly under-utilized, occupying a typical niche of pretty, helpless romantic interest (as in the same year in "Night and City of Jules Dassin" (1950)). On the other hand, Andrews was seldom better, showing the hardness and steadfast anger I did not expect from him. Gary Merrill is suitably pleased with the role of the Scalise crime director, but it seems that it is not enough for this role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in "The Big Combo (1955)") would have better matches the character; I did not realize it, but Conte appeared just a year before in Whirlpool Preminger (1949). <br /> <br /> The tension that Dixon tries to hide from accidental crime is absolutely riveting? certainly among the most strained era sequences? although I feel that the situation has not yet been fully exploited. The taxi driver is the only person who could definitively identify Dixon as the perpetrator, but Preminger hastily slips over the moment Dixon walks on the stairs. If the witness was brought back when Dixon played his own moves before entering the apartment, we could have real fireworks. And why, for this reason, the taxi driver's testimony does not absolve Jigg Taylor (Tom Tully) from suspicions of murder? Unexpected inconsistencies, such as these, destroy the excellent scenario of Ben Hecht, who fills his hard criminal underworld with hard policemen and wise criminals. Andrews' angry and imploding law, tormented by rage and remorse, was rarely done better, at least equal to Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's "On Dangerous Ground" (1952).
