Police Detective from New York Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons every day while dealing with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The tension caused by his internal struggle and intense hatred of criminals leads him to make serious mistakes in judgment and not recognize the need to comply with any code of conduct in his contacts with people on the wrong side of the law. He has experience in treating suspected and known criminals with brutal brutality, and this led him to conflict with his senior officers, who censured him for the amount of violence he regularly used. Dixon can not reconcile these calls to restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and had a strong need to survive his father's reputation and avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have as a consequence. <br /> <br /> When a wealthy Texan is murdered after the evening gambling run by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells senior officer Dixon, Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney), and Paine committed a murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and asks a suspect who is intoxicated and unwilling to cooperate, and when Paine hits him, Dixon repays and Paine falls down and dies. Dixon gets rid of the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is interrogated and after describing what happened at Scalise, she adds that her father went to Paine's apartment later that night to deal with him that she had come home with bruises on her face. Paine had attacked her many times before, and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that if it happened again, he would beat Paine. This information leads to Taylor's arrest and accusation of murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed the Texan, and then killed Paine to eliminate him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to convict Scalise, but eventually realizes that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paine's death and disguise. He does this and also notes that he will face Scalise himself so that the police can arrest the gangster for Dixon's murder. Confrontation with Scalise and the possible means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption provide a tense and accurate end to this teasing thriller. <br /> <br /> Tense and concerned statements from Dana Andrews convey the restless nature of his character and his anxieties as he deals with a series of misfortunes that include and follow Paine's accidental death. However, Dixon is not the only one who experiences unhappiness as Morgan, a successful model loses its job due to the surrounding trouble. Her father, who a few years earlier received a diploma for helping the police, is unjustly guilty of a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who was a war hero, experienced unemployment and loss of self-esteem, which led to alcoholism and the beating of his wife, and Scalise, who was founded in business by Dixon's father, also suffers from his own misfortunes. <br /> <br /> "Where the pavement ends" is an engaging story with a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main character who is an absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
