The charm of the great, visionary noir movie of Otto Preminger lies in the fact that he has ambiguous intentions, betrays the dark essence of the main character, who is still irritated by life in the shadow of his criminal father. The driven, vengeful policeman Dana Andrews is shown as an outsider, irrational and destructive, who can change because he could find a good woman to look after him. A perplexed man is recovered thanks to his own entangled impression of righteousness. The unsettling mood that permanently entered the second half of the writer Ben Hecht's story is reflected in Andrews' strained performance when Preminger saturates the film with essentially prosaic style content. We not only see and hear the city at night; we feel it because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most peripheral and remote factors of this. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex figure developed by his band of violence and hatred, which always attacks him. As the story unfolds, he is secretly entangled in situational traps, but he renews himself through external deeds that can be seen in the visceral mimics of the vintage noir hero before he performs them. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a special stage in the development of the genre is a captivating, wild and shaded movie noir, which is embedded in a double climate of the underground world in which the hero is so detached that he always swells with rage, and although he loses his rational resistance, professional principle and ethical constraints, is still a good cop. Preminger simply winks to say a socio-conscientious drama about a corrupt community in a vast urban landscape, rather keeping the thriller on Andrews' shoulder as an existential journey of personal consequences of a man with oedipal fixation that separates from the whole - the shrinking influence of the law on his side and immortal perception of good and evil. <br /> <br /> Production companies in the early 1950s dealt with the image of the social problem, or rather "low-budget", low-risk thrillers like this, apparently in an attempt to avoid the contradictions of conservative critics and business people. But Preminger's inseparable approach is expressionistic. Introduces each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a background for the story. Each support character has to draw its own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them is a cartoon or depressing cartoon relief. For him, every character thinks he is a star, as Karl Malden himself claims to be a mission police inspector and a waitress veteran at the counter. Those who are stars - Andrews and Gene Tierney, are both concerned about futile attempts to control emotional intensity - who do not want to be.
