I am a big fan of the noir movie, and this Otto Preminger film is easily one of the best I've seen! Preminger combined two of his stars from the hit "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dan Andrews, for a completely different kind of crime movie. Laura was based on love, and this movie is based on hatred; when we observe police detective Mark Dixon, copper already suffering from supervisors' control for his hard tactics, accidentally kills the suspect and attempts to assign a murder to a known criminal; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot is greatly refined, and Preminger perfectly balances several feature points; but everything boils down to the main moral implication surrounding our main character. The fact that the film is embedded in a criminal underground means that the plot has a perfect base for work, and director Otto Preminger skillfully captured this side of life, showing the main characters of gambling, beating each other (and their women), shooting and many more - and this also helps to balance the film from the earlier "Laura", which was very embedded in the society of a higher class. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Danie Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is difficult to like because it is so cold - but the fact that we can understand its motives makes it easy to sympathize with it, which allows the audience to connect to its difficult situation. Character development is well planned, and because we follow this character and its motivations throughout the film; at the end everything makes sense. His star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who does not have as much to do in this film as she was at Laurie; the film that made Tierney become its pillar. He does well with what he has, and the chemistry of the leading duo is perfect, and Tierney helps to complete each scene in which he is located. I can not say that it's a better movie than the earlier Laura; it's a difficult act to follow, but this movie certainly fits better with the noir formula than the previous Preminger film. The film is also a good comparison for Laura; because almost everything in this movie is the opposite of the movie from 1944, but everything is strangely familiar. I highly recommend everyone!
