At first glance, it seems natural to compare Where the pavement ends with Laura. Both have hopeless qualities, both are directed by Otto Preminger, and both star to Dan Andrews and Gene Tierney. But most comparisons end there. Laura dealt with elegant, sophisticated people who just found themselves in the murder. Where the pavement ends is set in a completely different layer. These are people with only two nickels who can rub off, who are more accustomed to watching the abdomen of society than going to fancy outfits. Where the pavement ends, there is a rough film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with fists or other weapons. Small hoods are dozens, and the cops routinely beat confessions from swindlers. Getting into a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I have not seen all of his work, based on what I saw, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as a beaten policeman, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is a type of policeman who has got used to polishing local hoods if he gets information or a confession. One night he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He's doing his best to hide it. But things get complicated when he falls in love with the wife of the deceased, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the murder case. Because Father Morgana means a world for her, Dixon must do everything in his power to cleanse the old man without suggesting himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the pavement ends, it's great. In addition to Andrews' amazing performance in the film, there is always a delightful Tierney. It has a quality that makes even the darkest moments seem brighter. The rest of the cast is just as solid with Tom Tully as the wrongly accused father is really outstanding. In addition to acting, direction, sets, lighting and photos are at the highest level. In general, it is an extremely well made film. <br /> <br /> If I have one complaint (and it is a very, very small matter), then Tierney is almost too ideal for the role and its surroundings. It's a little hard to believe that such a woman can get mixed up with some of these unpalatable characters. It's not her fault, it's the way Tierney is meeting. It seems that it is a bit too beautiful, polished and delicate. But her gentle, benevolent, trustful nature gives her a portrait of the necessary realism.
