In Where The Sidewalk Ends, Otto Preminger connects Dan Andrews and Gene Tierney with certainty in the hope of regaining his Laura's magic. But these are very different films, embedded in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the universe noir). Laura's upmarket Manhattan is lined with a delicate gothic fog, with its erotic obsession and a faint breeze of necrophilia; Where the pavement ends is pure city soot and gravel, which surrounds the city of basements, steam baths and parking lots. <br /> <br /> But the film is just as good as its venerable precursor and stained -wool noir (on the contrary, Laura, one of many films from 1944, which the French first called "noir", was still a complex mystery of murder ). Daylight enters only in very instantaneous suffering, and director of photography Joseph LaShelle uses most of the streets and stony stones, docks and El. This is the quintessence of the big city - in particular the Big Apple - noir, as well as several others from the 1950s bumper, such as Side Street and Sleeping City, and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> With the opening of the movie, police detective Dan Andrews is on the carpet because of his brutal ways, especially his vendetta for the head of the crime, Gary Merrill (who, as we learned, founded business father Andrews) and). When someone outside of the city is killed with a knife in a floating game of nonsense operated by Merrill, the hair trigger Andrews rattles the witness, causing the skull to be fatally broken (sharpened by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). Realizing that his job is already on the line, Andrews drops his body into the river after it looks as if the suspect took the powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's far to the end. The corpse is discovered, his foreign wife turns out to be Tierney, and all evidence begins to turn to her father (Tom Tully), the burglar driver who happened not only to circulate on the same street on the night of murder, but to have reason enough to want his abusive son-in-law dead. But embittered loner Andrews finds in Tierney a call to his better nature; tries to clean her father, while keeping his share in the whole disgusting business secret .... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the scenario for Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows the same sharp (in the second picking up his supervisor tells Andrews: "Look at yourself - everyone pushes like a barrel barrel"). <br /> <br /> But while Laura attracted more than half a dozen characters, Andrews is the only one who focuses only on the role (even Tierney's role is much less central than her half-ghost Laura). And Andrews may never have achieved perfection in his performance. He is tense and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face silently records the anguish that his own stubbornness has brought him. He is suffering from bruises of a sufferer who can find release only with a safety valve of violence (he even attacks his loyal partner, Bert Freed). Of course, it is too fast to make redemption through its beautiful star. But it was the style of those times, and the sweetened ending does not undermine this New York story of violence, corruption and urban entanglements.
