We are far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger directs, Dan Andrews acts as a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is a beautiful woman who persecutes him, but nothing more, WHERE SIDEWALK does not look like the favorite secret of murder of everyone. Instead of a wonderfully cited dialogue, we get a rough, shattering realism. While the earlier film took place in the ritual upper layers of the New York society, here we are in a low-rent district of dark streets, hooligans, cheap restaurants and poor housing. Tierney, as always great, now works as a mannequin in a store and lives in Washington Heights (near the "doll" that once had a fox fur from Mark McPherson from LAURA). This time Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sadder, more restless version of a cool policeman in a trench coat. <br /> <br /> WHERE THE SIDEWALK falls into the noir subgenre, movies about police brutality focusing on cops who can not control their violent impulses. Like the character of Kirk Douglas in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his scandal to the fraudsters of his father's criminal past. Wherever Douglas is hypocritical and blind to his own fault, Andrews is burdened with suppressed guilt and hatred. She accidentally kills the suspect and hides her actions, trying to suspect the slimy gangster (Gary Merrill), whom he has been searching for years without success. Instead, a polite taxi driver is suspected because he is the father of a wounded and harassed wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he killed, desperately tries to save his father without giving himself up. <br /> <br /> Among Daniel's protagonists, Dan Andrews had this distinction: he was not able to appear unintelligent. Even when playing the average Joe, as usual, it always turns out that he is extremely sensitive and perceptive; What's more, his atmosphere of being too thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that haunted - and haunting - quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic blast of vision and too much knowledge. His conscientious heroes are characterized by exhaustion, guilt, inability to "lighten up." No other actor could express anger in bottles, slow pain, painful intelligence of Mark Dixon so well. It also has subdued tenderness, subdued heat, and even mocking humor that makes it painful. It comes out when he takes Morgan to the restaurant where he is regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man trading mocking insults with the waitress, whose sarcasm can not hide her feelings and concern for him. When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Father Morgan, he supplies him, although they have been arguing lately, and Dixon has thrown him a blow. There are no words about loyalty or the fact that he is a good guy in the depths of his soul, but we see it in the tormented silence of the man and the resignation of his wife who hands the jewelry to the pawn. Dixon's goodness manifests itself in the reactions of other people to him in the same way as through the deeply moving performance of Andrews. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a small star, she could be the quintessential forty years old. He reviews films that rarely take off their coat; with this box-shaped, half-century figure, reinforced by a fedora, a glass of bourbon, a cigarette that he does not take out of his mouth when he speaks, looks like a hardness and dispassion imprisoned in the masculine ideal. While many noirs delight the two-story tough guy, WHERE THE END SIDEWALK offers an unwavering portrait of the reality standing behind the facade, captivating and melancholy discovery of the roots and consequences of violence. underestimated in his time (he was the only one of the three heroes of THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIFE not nominated for an Oscar, although his low performance is much more convincing than hammy, Oscar-winning drunk Frederic March). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in several films that provided him with immortality, and now this little-known film, which includes his best performances, can be seen as part of the amazing Fox Film Noir set. This series, including many never-before-released titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox could have the best record from all major labels when it comes to film noir.
