George Cukor directs this high-quality story about uncertainty in the theater world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. The spectacle of Ronald Colman, who brought him an Oscar, still stands in spite of a few terrified moments? It is difficult to forget about his haunted face when he mindlessly circulates around social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. There are many interesting sub-texts, and Cukor does a great job of making them clean, without forcing anything too much. The screenplay by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, combining the sparse world of theater with the dingy street world and comprehensively using elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to both the main theme of the movie of jealousy and the obsession of Colman's hero about identity. <br /> <br /> Some interesting things about this movie? superficially, this can be dismissed as being too frivolous for the everyday problems of actors. In other words, if the art of action required such a total sublimation of individuality, we would soon appear among psycho-methodical actors persecuting the streets. But I do not really think that the main concern of this story is acting or working / performing art per se. I think Anthony's struggle is a wider existential question, deeply buried uncertainty about identity. I feel that there is a key in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never be a good actor without her inspiration. At another point, he clearly states that his extreme identification with the roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do about it, but it seems to me important, especially because it's his obsession with her and jealousy about her, eventually pushing him to the top. Perhaps it follows from the fact that Anthony was exposed to danger first of all by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage involves the "unification of the soul" in the traditional concept. It is unusual that the male and female characters are divorced at the beginning of the film. This is not completely unprecedented (like Hawks' comedy "His Girl Friday", but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in the light of the fact that they do not solve their romantic separation. In one sense, the movie may suggest that jealousy is a different form self-love.
