Ronald Colman plays the famous Broadway actor who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, he can not remember who he is - who his roles are and who the self is. And, much more seriously, he begins to see and hear his game even in everyday everyday life. Because he plays in "Othello" now, he starts acting jealously and suspiciously - just like the title character. Ultimately, he drives him to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie years ago and I liked it. I just saw it again and loved it. Perhaps a part of my enthusiasm is due to the fact that I have always liked Ronald Colman and it is a great triumph for him - for which he won the Oscar for Best Actor. And looking at the competition this year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice because he pulled himself out of his a simple comfort zone and a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that one reviewer hated the movie because he hated Shakespeare - and it took about half of his opinions about their dislike for him. This film does not apply to Shakespeare and does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I loved the small parts of art that Colman played anew - although, as I said, this is NOT a movie about Shakespeare. Instead, he is a great portrait of an actor who loses his mind and mixes his stage role with reality. It could have been ANY play, although "Othello" was a great choice because of the scene of the murder - which will be played later in the film. <br /> <br /> In general, a very clever movie because of the beautiful script - with a few overtones of the Noir movie. Fortunately, acting was also great because Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his role just right). And given that it was directed by the great George Cukor, no wonder it's a great movie from beginning to end.
