A DOUBLE LIFE has developed mysticism among film fans for two reasons: the role-playing idea of ​​an actor so absorbed in the role (here Othello) to raise the great disadvantage of this character and put it into his life; and that this is the movie that Ronald Colman Oscar won (as well as the Golden Globe) as the best actor. Take the second point in the beginning. <br /> <br /> Is the role of Anthony John Colman the most important, or even his role? I have doubts on every level - but this is one of his most famous roles. For most of his career, Ronald Colman played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or unusual situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (cleaned of Goldwyn's production, not to be an arrogant racist) fighting crime. He is Raffles, a big cricket player and an even bigger burglar, trying to make the best burglary to save his friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, a great imperial political figure, kidnapped and brought to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. This is Dick Heldar, who learns after mastering his masterpiece, knowing that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyl to this list. But here it is not heroic. In fact, he is unknowingly vile - he murders one person and almost kills two others. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social. <br /> <br /> For me Colman should have earned an Oscar for Heldar, or Karton or Conway - all the more typical roles for his acting. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing unusual roles in awarding its treasures to its leading members. Anthony John Colman is a very good performance, at one moment really terrifying. When they are alone with Signe Hasso in her home, she at the top of the stairs and he at the base, have a dispute. He wants "Tony" to leave, saying he will not see him. He looks at her, his face strangely hard in a way he has never used before, and says, "Oh, no, no!" He starts to move up, frightening Hasso, and she runs into her room. He stops and leaves. In fact, this is the real climax of his performance - even more so than his attack on Hasso on stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his killing of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind fury. At the moment it was an Oscar-worthy performance for me. But this is just the moment. I am glad that he was appreciated for this role, but he should have won the award for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His real performance in Othello's Shakespearean role is not great, but livable. Too often it allows the dialogue to slip from the tongue in a forced style of singing (you may wonder if this was due to the training of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to properly cope with the role or reaction to it). Currently, "Othello" is played by an African actor more often than white. Paul Robeson's great performance in this role has firmly established this new tradition. But the three most-known film shows of this part are Colman, Orson Welles in his film OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his film about the production of OTHELLO. All three white actors played a role on the black face. My favorite of three is Welles, which seems the most subtle. But even watching a great version of Welles' movie makes me nervous that Robeson never put his performance (with Jose Ferrer as Iago) in the movie. <br /> <br /> Now the first question - can the actor get involved? I have heard various things about it. Some actors admit that they take a role at home with a theater or movie. Others have discovered a role that they need to stimulate, influencing the new cause of action regarding their life or some aspect of life. But I never really heard of anyone who would become lethal as a result of the role. It seems to be a melodramatic, trite idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, in 1947, it was not a new idea with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944 the "B" function, THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, used a similar story about an actor who plays the infamous "Jack the Ripper" type, who begins to commit such killings after an accident that affects his mind. In the 1930s, there was an earlier film in which an actor playing Othello is jealous of his wife (I think the title was MEN'S NOT RELY, but I'm not sure). But because of Colmar's name and career and Cukor's direction, it's DOUBLE LIFE, which people think about when they remember the story idea. She even came to a comedy in the episode CHEERS, in which Diane Chambers helps a former convict who may have acting talent, and put OTHELLO in the bar just after he saw her kissing Sam Malone. Only Diane is aware of the personality problem of the former convict and can not delay production for long enough (he tries to start a discussion about the history and symbolism of art). <br /> <br /> The cast A DOUBLE LIFE was first-rate, and Cukor's direction was as sure as ever. So it's definitely worth watching a movie. But even though Colman had an interesting role, it was not his best job on the screen.
