This two-part television series is not as good as the 1966 original, but it's solid. The original used a huge number of things - everything was black and white, had a great jazz score and was filmed in real places, including the home of the doomed Clutter family. It was important because in the book and the original film the house is a very figure in itself. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada, which I think is good for Kansas. The story tries to be as nice to Perry as he dares to do, and Eric Roberts plays him as a bit fey, his homosexuality is barely hidden. Robert's gentler approach to the end, however, does not work, because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith will finally break out in a murder spasm. While Robert Blake's approach to Smith left no doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous figure. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent as a bombastic, cheeky and ultimately cowardly Dick Hickcock, the brain of the costume. His performance is very well compared to the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> Because it is a longer movie, it gives more time to the development of the Clutter family and in this respect I think that the 1996 film has an advantage. Clutters is simply an excellent, decent family. They have never hurt another soul and it is simply inexplicable that such a decent family is ultimately massacred in such a frightening way. I'm still nervous about the idea that after Clutters were locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not push the window, so at least his children had a chance to escape. This movie has this idea, but it's too late. From what I read about the real home that is still standing, the way the bathroom is set up, they could open the drawers and effectively bar the door, which would force the killers to fall inside. I bought time to escape some of the mess. Why Clutters did not try to do it, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book recognize that this film has a lot of freedom in how the crime is committed, but not too serious. Still, it distracts viewers like me who have read tons about the case. Actors playing on the police, directed by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are equally perfect, much better, I think, as a group, than the actors in the original movie. They know that in order to secure the loop on the neck of both of them, they must make them acknowledge. And the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared. They had already discovered the likely alibi false tale of going to Fort Scott and unmasking every part of it. Then the officers let Smith and Hickcock enter their trap. Hickcock to a b.s. the artist who calculates can convince anyone of anything, and officers respectfully let him tell his story. But when they leave it, it breaks down very quickly. It's very well filmed and behaves very pleasantly when watching, because the viewer should naturally insult Hickcock at this point, a cowardly convert who needs an easily manipulated Smith to kill for him. Apparently, Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not the theft of money from Clutters, but the rape of Nancy Clutter. At least she was spared this degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors playing Clutters are very good, especially Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter. The story sensibly deals with Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, most likely a clinical depression, and Ms. Clutter shows a remarkable inner strength when she firmly and decisively demands that the killers leave their daughter alone. From what I read, the surviving Clutters family was particularly concerned about how Bonnie Clutter was presented in the book, claiming that it is completely untrue. But by the way, both murderers associated with the police, as Mr. Clutter asked them not to interrupt his wife because of her long illness. Capote could have come up with this fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but certainly the killers had no reason to misrepresent Mrs. Clutter, and no doubt most of the conversation in the book (reproduced in the movies) is right after the assassin's recorded testimony. It would be nonsensical if Herb said it was not true.
