I'm from Sweden and I just watched this movie and I think everything is fine. I've seen a lot of bad comments about it, but you have to remember that many people who watch these two parts of the miniseries are located all over the world, not just in the US. Also, remember that not everyone heard about the movie from the 1960s, and maybe not about the events (murders). And even more ... that it is difficult to find the original movie, and if so, there are always people who do not like black and white movies. This one seems fresh and colorful and will find its audience. He is 12 years old, but I saw it for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare it, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. More and more internet is available, but not for anyone in the world. The point is that it is mainly a part of American criminal history and was large in the 50-60s: in the US, but in the rest of the world is probably the past. Well, it has been talked about for some time, but 40 years later will disappear, for example the time that passes in Europe. We had our own problems and crimes, so if someone remakes a film and puts it back in the light again, it's not a bad idea. The new generation can take part in this horrible story, and even the movie about Capote, which was released a few years ago, was also a pretty good movie. It will increase interest in events that took place about 50 years ago and maybe stop them to fall asleep. It started with me, and now I am looking for a version of Robert Blake, so it was not so bad ... what? These are my opinions. Some people, of course, disagree, but hey ... that's fine. It happens that the remake of old movies will be fine. Not every time the old ones are so good. Film techniques have evolved very often, and scenes can be more realistic if they want today. It's always a matter of money, of course. There were so many movies that were made in the "good old days", but there was also no money, bad directors, etc. And they remake them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are fine to watch. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and I can not say that I was impressed by the so-called old good times. Most of them are cooled directly on the trash. They were so bad that we sat there like a zombie ... we could not move ... how they died. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them have seen modifications and I remember how I liked them ... but not the originals. They were simply painful. It's like an old tale of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, maybe you'll find him who you trust or ... Thanks for me and I'm sorry for my English it's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
