I consider this family movie to be pleasant and pleasant, even though I am not a child. It is based on the concept of high school student Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovering that the elevator in her upper-class building becomes a time vehicle when the key in the key pendant she received from a blind scientist is rotated in the elevator's castle. He learns how to control the machine (with some uncertainty about the time of the day). <br /> <br /> The movie is not a work of serious science fiction. You must ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with the change of the past through time travel, i.e. The past has changed to prevent the Walker family from 1881. Poverty, but the change means that the family never got into financial trouble, so Victoria did not say Susan about the financial problems her mother had, which means that Susan should have no reason to change her past! But besides, in history there are some nice accents, such as an old elevator panel, found in the apartment of a woman who secretly invented and installed a time machine, having no place for a lock that activates the function of a time machine. As with many stories for children, we also have to assume that the child will not share the surprising information about the device for travel in time with the parent or another adult, but instead hides the traveler in time. <br /> <br /> This also requires disrespect for some poorly staged scenes and few inspired performances by some adult actors. (Children-actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very persuasive in their parts.) In one of the scenes in 1300, Native Americans notice that Susan is watching and photographing them. But they do not notice a surprise in the sudden appearance of this blond white skin in a peculiar dress. Their answer is simply stopping what they are doing and walking peacefully towards Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother wears something that is supposed to be a child, but it is so obvious that she is a doll (her white skin and shoulders around). <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, an award-winning actor who originally gained fame in the old television "Thirty Something", giving a slightly uninteresting, sometimes apathetic, performance. In the second extreme situation, Michel Perron considers him an Italian construction overseer (janitor), just like Richard Jutras as the nosy neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, this is the author of the novel on which the movie is based.) I suspect that these problems may be the fault of the director or a possible low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these drawbacks, I recommend a movie for children. In addition to the interesting history, it also has a certain educational value, because it indicates how much both technology and social standards have changed in just over 100 years.
