Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer based in Sydney, Australia who is involved in a murder trial in defense of five Aborigines accused of murdering a compatriot in the 1977 apocalyptic thriller of Peter Weir. The Last Wave. Deciding to break the Picnic at Hanging Rock, the film delves into discovering the unknown, and thus reveals the gulf between the two cultures that live side by side but lack the understanding of culture and tradition. Weir shows how the white society considers native beliefs as primitive superstitions and believes that since they live in cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal rights and culture no longer apply. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning Burton is getting deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols in which the line between the real time and the "sleep time" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence, in which sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupt the school break for the discovery of Burton, that his bathtub is full and water flows down the stairs. As the violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, it becomes clear that the contrast between easy scientific explanations of this phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is obvious. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books about aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he is concerned about the fact that he is the subject of investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), a mysterious aboriginal wizard involved in the accused. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients obstruct his job by refusing to reveal the real events related to the murder. <br /> <br /> When Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the Aboriginal was killed in the ritual tribe because he "saw too much", although Chris refuses to recognize it in court. Burton, more and more concerned about the mystery he can not unravel, tells the paternal priest: "Why did not you tell me that there are secrets?" This is a legitimate question, but according to the priest, the Church answers all the secrets. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter the tribal underground caves. Although we do not know for certain what is real and what is a dream, he is confronted with his deepest fears at a haunting climax that will leave you to consider its importance in the early hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this period of history in which the Hopi and Mayan native prophecies predict the "end of history" and cleans the man leading to the Fifth World, the Last Wave, although 25, is still valid. Aborigines are portrayed as a living culture, not completely subordinated to a white man, but I am disturbed by the tormenting feeling in which we look but are not fully seen. Weir opened our eyes to a mystery that lies beyond our consensual view of reality, but strengthens the orientation of doom, who sees the possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as dark and uncontrolled power without the trace of spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.
