John Cassavetes' 1977 film "Opening of the Night" is what critics usually call the work of such a significant artist "overlooked". It is an excellent film in itself and one of the best portraits of the mid-life crisis ever made. This is not a perfect movie, because two hours and twenty-four minutes is about half an hour too long, and a little too much emphasis is on the drunkenness of the main character Myrtle Gordon, played by Genoa Rowlands, wife of Cassavetes, long after we get the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, in which Rowlands performed eleven years later, is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. Still, Rowlands won the Best Actress award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait and deserves it. Often this film, written by Cassavetes, can be easily compared to his earlier and inferior movie "Woman under influence," but this is a false comparison. Rowlands' character in this film is seriously disturbed from the very beginning, as well as from the background of the blue collar, while her characters in this film and Allen's film are artists haunted by ghosts. In this film, this is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as a younger doppelganger Myrtle, while in the film Allen is her own past. Many critics took this film as a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing that Myrtle is surrounded by activators, such as the stage manager, who tells her during the premiere: "I have seen many drunks in my time, but me." I've never seen anyone as drunk as you who could stand up. You are great! "But it's bad, because alcohol is not her problem - not smoking in the chain. They are simply diversion from any thing that really compels her to destroy, and much to Cassavetes' acknowledgment as a narrator never lets us know exactly what's wrong with Myrtle, and even though it will eventually happen, no she has reason to expect that she has really solved any consequences. This type of ending without a resolution connects Cassavetes directly with the more daring European directors of the recent past, who feel at ease, without revealing everything to the public, and forcing their viewers to think about it, even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> The film perfectly reflects the effect of a drunken or feverish escape from the fog, and as such, the viewer is again subconsciously involved in his drama. Regardless of whether Myrtle Gordon gets better after the irises of the universe around her are left to every viewer to decide, and as we've seen before closing the lid, someone's decisions matter.
