Watching the movie of John Cassavetes, "Opening the Night," I remembered something that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience as a creator of art or acting. He referred to the example, let's say, if he ran into a dog on the way to a play that would not be the end of his life but would affect him and that he would undoubtedly have to take this experience with him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," he said, "what am I doing?" I could not stop thinking about his words while watching the character of Geny Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who goes through a very similar scenario for almost a whole week. There is of course something more in Cassavetes's film, because it's about how the theater works around a star actress, what emotions and human nature they mean when we look at the character's game and how we live, when we all (like Myrtle Gordon) is a theater. <br /> <br /> Almost at the beginning of the movie, after leaving the show, Myrtle signs autographs and one of those fans named Nancy approaches his favorite star and pours his heart into Myrtle. It is a moving little moment, but it does not last as long as it has to get into the car (pouring rain and everything). Then she looks in horror as the girl who was standing next to the car when he leaves is hit by another car in a car accident. She is not entirely sure what happened, but the next day she learns that in reality the girl has died from a hit. She has been stunned since then, even if she thinks she is not in the system. At the beginning he shows it in a small way, for example when he is practicing the stage with his other actor (played by Cassavetes) and does not seem to be a hit - he blames it for the lack of character depth (writer: "What do you think this art is missing? "" Hope, "says Myrtle), but then Nancy begins to show her, a ghost that is true to Myrtle until she disappears. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes, like in previous movies, is looking for what it means to have emotions, really feel something and feel them, or lack of them, and how it affects others around the person. This is not a completely new basis for Rowlands, who previously played a woman on the edge of herself in Woman Under the Influence (in this case because of alcohol), nor would it be a space for Ben Gazzar who just got out of the main role in killing Chinese bookmaker. But the actors express everything that is important to their characters in every scene; Cassavetes does not tell them how to go from point A to point B in the scene, and he does not have to do it. The Cassavetes film has a mood that sometimes surpasses the grungy work of the camera. You know, for example, Myrtle should be somehow happy, even if it is not with the plot. But she is haunted and is not satisfied with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the game ("Aging, who sees it?" Asks the playwright), and it also begins to affect those around her. <br /> <br /> The question will soon be not as usual. A conventional playwright would lead to a conflict. "Will she be able to enter the stage or will the program continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even if it is there, like the question "Will it be alright?" Maybe going through such an exhausting game as "The Second Woman", can help her develop personal demons and lose control over reality (seeing Sarah and attacking her against strangers who are wondering what the hell is going on)? Or maybe the lack of hope for art will make everything else wrong with it? The depth that makes Rowlands with her character intense and shocking, and that it is expected that does not mean that it is more boring than Woman Under the Influence - if at all, it is just as good as this movie in terms of honesty towards a person in this profession, and consequently the other performances are equally true, from Gazarra to Nancy played by the subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes is not easy to answer your questions. <br /> <br /> One of the real thrills of the Opening, along with seeing great actors performing an amazing script, is to see how Cassavetes takes over the theater the way he does it. We see the spectacle - and this is clearly the real game - and we only know what's going on. When we see actors perform on stage, we wax and lose the balance between getting involved in what is happening in the melodrama (struggling relations and matters, sometimes cheek and domestic violence) and improvising actors. I wondered how it really improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed other actors to make scenes in places where Myrtle is beginning to lose control or, at the climax, is completely broken. It's also on stage, so it must have been something for them that they had previously invented and let it happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, surprising, chilling things, some of the best theatrical scenes in the movie that have ever been put in the movie, and we see the lines between the actor on the stage, the actor in the movie, the actor with the actor, they are wonderfully blurred. "Opening" is a powerful drama full of honest conversations about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people and, finally, what does "acting" mean?
