Once, Pauline Kael suggested she was never a fan, that Cassavetes thought he was not a director, but an actor. Kael meant his alleged lack of sophistication as a filmmaker; To further compare this, for me, I never think Cassavetes is directing in the film, he feels like Cassavetes implanted himself in his work, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is just as much a genius as Welles, but much more important as a real artist (as opposed to technique or rhetoric). It is like a cross between Italian passion (though Cassavetes was in fact Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have internal demons been so vulnerable physically. <br /> <br /> It's about the secret of becoming, performing and acting. Like Skip James's haunted record, he has ghost echoes around. Rowlands disruptions, which are staggering and almost operatic, surprising Cassavetes, are accompanied by a bouncy, disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? Metaphysical possibilities are endless and it is amazing to find this kind of thing in Cassavetes's film, simply an explicit representation of intelligence (at the beginning there is also a short fragment of the reader). But he was always smart, he just never flapped him for easy praise. This is not "adaptation"; here the mixing of reality and fiction and drama is not about showing cunning, but in showing the internal confusion and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> So much is happening. Pure, joyful love when Rowlands welcomes his porter; horror, when it beats ... The scene in which the girl talks about how she devoted her life to art and music is one of the most effective ways of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see the roots of this in "A Star Is Born", and Almodovar borrowed from him "All About My Mother." I think the ending is a bit disappointing because of laughter, but getting ready for it is almost bland. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point in the movie.) <br /> <br /> It's a living, breathing thing and it seems that the process: can go any time in any direction. Like "Cherry Taste", we are reminded that "you must never forget that it is just fun". But this is dangerous: when Rowlands talks about a great drama? How will the recipients accept it? Is she reflective, or does not she care? Her (characteristic) breaks are included in performances and ultimately in the movie, in such a way that they resemble the observation of a woman named James Dean. 10/10
