Yesterday I went to the Antique Flea Market monthly, which comes to the city. I'm really not interested in such things, but I chose a community of friends who have such interest. Looking at hundreds of sellers, quickly passing many of them, I noticed someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the films he had on DVD were quite recent; the oldest I noticed was co-founder Cary Grant-Irene Dunne from 1940, MY FAVORITE WIFE. But VHS tapes were by nature mostly older movies. I could not resist buying anything because they were sold on 3 tapes for $ 10. What an opportunity, as Eddie Murphy used to say. I came across one movie that I've heard about for years, but I've never seen it: John Cassavettes OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I definitely wanted to be a fan of Geny Rowlands and I heard that this movie contains one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I saw it about 20 years ago, when I probably did not have enough life experience to appreciate it. And I wanted to take the opportunity, so I grabbed her. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I returned home, I decided to put aside the work I had planned to be able to watch the OPEN NIGHT. I was totally fascinated by this film. Focused on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous stage and screen actress who has personal and professional reconciliation problems both with his character and the topic of aging during out-of-town announcements. After one try an avid fan and an autograph will embrace her with tears (and tears) "I love you! I love you!". A few minutes later this fan is hit by a car and killed. It starts Myrtle's descent to herself, where she has to face her own fears of aging, the future of her career as a mature actress and imperfections she found in the play itself (written by a much older playwright, played by Joan Blondell). Throughout the movie he sees a dead girl, an obvious symbol of his past; he drinks almost constantly; and receives disingenuous support from its director (Ben Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), her costar (John Cassavettes himself) and playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how her behavior will affect them and their careers: flubbings on stage, improvising new lines, generally on stage and arriving at the opening of Broadway completely drunk. <br /> <br /> This story works not only to solve the problems associated with aging, but also to promote Cassavettes dissatisfaction with the mainstream film production. When I watched the movie, I was sometimes surprised, lost, amused, disrespectful but eventually involved, entertained and satisfied. The Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, they cared so that his audience would understand what he meant and wanted them to be emotionally involved in this story. He refers to EVERY EVE with an avid supporter of the theater, even dressing a young girl in a dress and a hat similar to the one worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of this film. This allusion works in the most obvious way to support his theme of aging, the contrast of an older and younger woman. He, of course, also uses contrast as a symbol of Myrtle's confrontation with her own lost youth. At first I felt that the symbolism was too obvious, but then I realized it was the intention of the Cassavettes. He does not want his audience to understand what he's doing; if it were, it would interfere with their emotional involvement. This ghost of youth visits Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle finally "kills" her, but before she can really reconcile with herself and play, she has to get down (another symbolic death?). So Cassavettes makes her so drunk that she can not walk and must crawl into her wardrobe the night she starts playing Broadway. Resurrecting (helping yourself in these situations is also important for the subject of the movie) and makes the game a success, giving a great performance and changing the direction of the game for better, improvising to include a ray of hope for the aging character that he plays. These scenes are fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually played live in front of an audience who knew they would not be part of the movie. The game they play also acts as a contrast: it is mainstream and serious in matters that it moves, that is, until Myrtle changes its solution. By doing so, he also improves the work of his stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between people and between them, subjective realism and universal truth - these were the fears of Cassavettes in making films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing. Of course, he has this wonderful face, and Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her throughout their marriage) treat us to many close-ups, so that we can also feel her emotions and know what is happening in her. It makes you care so much about this character that you want to see how it comes out of this soul crisis. And this is what draws attention to 2 hours and 30 minutes of work. The film is deliberately wandered at times and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good filming and great acting will be rewarded. Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies. Everyone else is prejudiced. <br /> <br /> Search for OPEN NIGHT, if you have never seen it. Everyone in it is great and this is one of the best Cassavettes movies.
