*** z **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is such a movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? This 1993 movie, in which Brad Pitt appears as a serial killer who is "greeted" by several travelers while traveling to California as a buddy who can be good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot before I watch it, because the surprises can still improve. That was with California. When I first saw it last year, I never realized it was a transitional movie, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the movie lasted and continued, it was even better and I was on the edge of my place, almost kissing my monitor so close that I was on it! We're talking about Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watched this movie (today!), I watched only 2 other films by Brian De Palma, so I can say that I do not really know his works, but I can say from a distance that these two films were as big for me as they can be . Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on the TV, I was really desperate to get a copy of the DVD and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible also. And today I watched the third film from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the film lasts, it is completely different than you would expect. I watched a very curious scene of the museum, where Dickinson follows a mysterious man to his taxi and end up in a room with apartments. You can guess what could have happened there. But when the movie reached the elevator scene, the movie went a completely different path. I watched the rest of the movie and really liked it. However, there are a few low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, a mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! It was completely absurd and undoubtedly changed my mind, not accepting this film as at least almost as a masterpiece. Even on the taxi scene, where Dickinson is trying to apologize because of what happened in the museum, a completely silent man grabs her, pulls her into the cabin and begins to kiss. You know, it reminded me of a Mexican show from the '70s. El Chavo Del 8', in which some characters are completely silent. Going through these low points of the movie, it is a really great movie, taking into account the tension, characters and story. Dennis Franz is as cool as Detective Marino! He reminded me of him as Capt. Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays an almost identical character. <br /> <br /> Well, to sum up this review, the ending of Dressed To Kill is the same end as in Carrie! I do not know if I really liked it, because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a movie from DePalmy, so it's not really an imitation, because it was his idea! But in Dressed To Kill, it turned out to be a repetitive idea, so DePalma could have done something different, instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream in the same way that Amy Irving is at the end of the Carrie scene. Of course, it was undoubtedly another low point. But if you come to terms with it, you'll find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie and I assure you that it's not a waste of time.
