I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, which was written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. version, I can not be sure of the difference. However, there is a very graphic nudity of a woman, including a scene of express expression of satisfaction in this version. I guess you can call this scene soft core porn.if this kind of thing can offend you, I would suggest you see the version with the rating "R". but digression. Each comment from now on applies to the unrated version. this is a film about the mystery of murder / psychological horror / cinema. However, there is one sequence of the death of the note. The murder itself is quite graphic. However, the blood itself does not look like reality. It looks like a movie from the 70's. balance the violence of the act itself to give the stage a lot of violence, or rather the possibility of doing so, in the budget. The film is very well mastered. As far as I can tell, each scene had its own goal, which I consider to be very rare compared to many of today's films. in any case, I thought acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. Micheal Cane performs in his role a quietly underestimated performance, which works great in this case. The film also has one big turn, though some people may consider it predictable. the only complaint (and this is really more observational) is the fact that I thought that the character played by Nancy Allen could be more polished, especially considering that he has a lot of time on the screen. I think she does what she has done well. And it really does not deviate from the quality of the film. The film also has a strong moral character, which is even more current today. I hit you on the head and it really liked the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi, she thought it was very similar to the music from the original Psycho. this music really raised the level of the movie. for me Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
