May contain minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed up for Kill, he first saw it for the first time, a movie with some great sequences, some decent performances and a nice, though obvious, Hitchcock, turn of action at the end. It's just too bad some things, quite obvious, make it impossible to be a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed in killing, he deals with the mystery of the killer who killed at least two women (he could be more than a movie never tells us), and the killer's search by three people: a brainy kid whose mother was a victim, alive a whore who alone can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was a slave mother of a brainy child. There are many well-performed performances, including Nancy Allen as a slut Liz, Angie Dickenson as a sexually frustrated victim of Kate Miller and Michael Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot, which is more hidden than seen at first glance; although no one is outstanding at all. On the other hand, Denis Franz, the later great character, like in the hit NYPD Blue series, is embarrassing as an exaggerated, ruthless, hateful detective, though he does not have much time on the screen, so it will not hurt so much. Keith Gordon, a child with a brain, is decent, but he's almost too smart to really be credible. <br /> <br /> What thrills me most in the film is the strained sequence. The scene with a sexually frustrated mother in the museum is thrilling and well done, as is the subsequent sequence leading to her untimely death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the killer, which really makes the whole movie meet at the same time. And there is a split screen scene that I thought was almost classic. There is still another situation when Liz travels by train, escaping from what can be an assassin who is taken in directions that he should never have with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller, he is tense and often credible. As a crime drama, it often weakens, especially with an incomplete, funny explanation of everything that happened in the end. At the end there is also an unnecessary and too long sequence of dreams, in which they had the audacity to shoot someone with their feet, which seemed to be minutes. It was an experience up and down; one scene would catch my heart and mind with temptation, and the next would force me to sprain and ask why. For over 100 minutes it could have been less than 90 years and was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should be happy. It is still a better movie than most of today's films. Perhaps it was a better movie in its time, but after seeing it recently I can say that I like it and it's worth to watch my three favorite scenes myself.
