Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson), who has a sexually explicit nightmare, later on the same day visits his psychiatrist, Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine), for a session in which he admits that he is sexually frustrated and unfulfilled in his present marriage. Kate then visits the museum and raises the stranger, they return to their apartment for plain sex, when he is done, Kate is ready to leave, but she is attacked and killed in the elevator by a blond woman with a razor blade. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the macabre scene and sees the killer, but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says she suspects Liz is a killer because there are no other witnesses, so Liz works with Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to track down the real killer, clear Liz's name, and see that justice Has been made .. . <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma I thought that Dressed to Kill is a good solid secret for psychological murder. The script is sometimes measured and slow, but it likes to focus on characters, so you really know them, the first twenty minutes are just developing Kate as a heroine before she suddenly kills her, and then the movie changes her mind to Liz and no one else looks. In this way, Dressed to Kill is quite absorbing and engaging, but unfortunately the characters themselves are not entirely sympathetic. I found some of the dialogues quite funny, especially the dirty talk that Liz occasionally gushes. The killers' motives are somewhat credible, but I think you would have to be embarrassed enough to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it did not excite me so much, and I did not really find any form to root out of. The film combines with an unnecessary and unnecessary bend, which I did not really see. <br /> <br /> The director De Palma directs with style and visual flair, from the sequence of the art museum to the car chase and as a whole is impeccably filmed all the time. I imagine that every shot in Dressed to Kill had many thoughts in it. I felt, however, that the film is a bit flat and uninspiring, but nothing really excited me. There's some nakedness, some sex and rape, and a few pieces of gore and violence, Kate's murder using a razor blade in the elevator is the main attraction if it's the right word. However, it is not that shocking and controversial when you look at it today, how many would you believe. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of about $ 6,500,000, Kill has this shining, high-level Hollywood production. Places in New York are nice, the photos are good and as a whole they are very well made. I thought the music was inappropriate and it was too loud and obtrusive. Acting is fine, but despite the highest bills, I did not think Caine had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time. Dressed to Kill was created, interestingly from the four films that appeared in two of them, De Palma, to & Blow Out (1981), he cast her as a prostitute. . Dickinson used a double body because he enjoys the shower at first. <br /> <br /> Dressed in Kill is a good thriller that is worth watching, but I did not think it would be enough to have a high reputation. Good, but not brilliant.
