Understandably, when dressed in Kill, he caused a bit of confusion when he was first released in 1980: you had a "Police Girl" in a mega erotic role because Angie Dicknson was a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all museums in the elevators residential), as well as Nancy Allen as a call-girl, Michael Caine as a sophisticated cousin of Norman Bates in New York and a sharp enough picture for the last two films from that period. Today, it is slightly less burdensome due to standards and such, although the unrated version has one of the most "hot" content in any De Palma movie, at least in its quasi-original period of the '70s and early' 80s, where it seemed to repeat topics they were still repeated, ideas were taken straight from Hitchcock's classic films and seemed harsh. This is a simple story, which you have already seen in your sisters, and then to a certain extent in a double body, and also in blowing. Cutie Allen plays Call-Girl Liz Blake, who has to clear his name from the suspicions of killing Kate (Dickinson, in full "MILF" mode), after finding a razor, the crime tool from Dr. Elliott's office (Michael Caine, cold performance most of the way ). <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, what De Palma seems to be a way to create a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to crown the opening scene of Carrie (which, perhaps, it does only in editorial terms), we get a series of technical phrases knock-out from the point of view of the style itself: tracking shots in the museum, designed to arouse more fascination with the process itself, following and the desire to be followed, than any tension; chase through the subway (precursor of Carlito's Way) takes place with a precise level of tension, meanwhile with a bit of exploitation thrown with the black gang; Peter's character, son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who actually plays a younger version of the real life of De Palma as a child (science geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and peeping). And it's all fun and addictive as hell, as something that comes close to the real synthesis of what makes De Palma thrillers so special and yet so consciously untainted by the fearless attitude of filming. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same self-consciousness has returned in the recent years to biting the director in the ass, and somehow in Dressed to Kill begins to become very irregular and disappointing when the story has to be wrapped. Because the motives of Psycho meet even more (a man who wants to change gender, does not even think that he kills, as it is * she * who does it), there is an exhibition stage at the police station, which makes the above-mentioned Hitch movie looks like an amazing psychological revelation. And the last scenes in Peter's house, also painfully reminiscent of the memory of the much more successful Carrie sequence, are intended for manipulation, which is even asked by De Palma; the final shot especially, although the master class, how to copy. However, in a psychiatric hospital she is very mad and in itself a perfect scene amid this confused solution, in which the doctor works on a nurse, to whom all other prisoners behave like animals in the zoo, and overhead shot up and up the stage is one of the best shots of sexual / general perversion captured in the film. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, until then it is an extraordinary work of celluloid cinema, in which the technical aspects are classy (delicate lighting, complicated camera movements seem so simple ) among topics that should be included in a mix of softback books for 25 cents. It is not a masterpiece, but I will certainly survive most of the director's recent thrills.
