In France, it is considered polite to French critics to genuflect the apparently coherent chain of films that Brian De Palma has left behind. However, a large part of his films destroy the bombastic effects of "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983), not to mention his borrowings from Hitchcock. Here, in "Dressed to Kill", it's impossible not to think about "Vertigo" (1958) with a long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator makes you inevitably think about the sequence of anthology in the shower in "Psycho" ( 1960). We do not want to revive the old debate about our involved film: does De Palma break Hitchcock? Instead, I would tend to be generous and classify "Clothed to Be Killed" in the category of De Palma winners next to "Sióstr" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). However, with some reservations and those that I have previously calculated, which fuel the quarrels between the furious fans of De Palma and his opponents. <br /> <br /> If there is something certain in "Clothed to Kill" that can generate general agreement among film lovers, De Palma's virtuosity is directed. He wields his camera as a film expert is supposed to do. His sophisticated work with the camera perfectly drives the voltage, which results in increased tension and uncomfortable aura. The audience is easily glued in front of the screen. It helps in this a few long silent sequences in which everything depends on the appearance and gestures. Incidentally, in "Psycho" there were also long, silent parts ... <br /> <br /> But the main disadvantage of the vintage De Palma in 1980 is that the quality of the plot is not desirable and it seems that it is a modification of many formular, trivial ingredients relating to an unpredictable number of murder stories. A prostitute is the only witness to a crime. Then she is suspected by the police and must act alone (with a little help from the victim's son from the stage in the subway)) to track down the murderer and prove her innocence. In addition to the fact that De Palma uses a kind of character that is not yet humiliated, it's a menu that smells rejuvenating. And the filmmaker ends his film with a sequence that echoes in the first. Yes, it's greatly filmed, but when you discover its real function, one character: "it's almost a disinterested filler." Perhaps De Palma wanted to stretch his film over an hour and a half, when the viewer knows (and even earlier) who the killer is. <br /> <br /> The two main springs in the De Palma theme set articulate depending on manipulation and viewing. The latter theme is well present in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene, which makes the film look almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in his underwear. His approach to this topic is rather doubtful. But maybe the first sequence was conceived as a viewer's mirror, and De Palma wanted to move his curious side. <br /> <br /> I do not want to demean all of De Palma's work. His prestigious directing work, which is associated with communicative treatment of the film, redeems the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy that has aroused among film viewers is not ready to resign.
