Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems with her marriage and besides - just to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity puts her into trouble, there is also an outsider, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who is absorbed in the investigation to discover the identity of the psychic killer. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill is a little historically important. This is one of the earlier examples of the contemporary style of the thriller, which has since expanded all the time in Hide and Seek (2005). It is strange that this director Brian De Palma tried to tug at Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally lifts fragments of Vertigo (1958) for Dressed to the infamous Killa museum scene. Dressed in the shower scenery Kill, as well as his villain and method of death have similarities to Psycho (1960). De Palma also uses an outstanding result with repeated motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer, Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, whether by accident or through skill, manages to turn from his influence, and maybe cross, from Dressed to Kill, having posture, structure and flow that was influential. Perhaps partly because of this influence, dressed in killing is also deeply flawed when you look at this point. Countless subsequent directors have made Hitchcock De Palma and refined it, improving almost every element, so now viewed, after 25 years of inspired thrillers, many Dressed to Kill seem to be a painful step, structurally clumsy and incorrigible in the story. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the movie, which unfortunately has not been improved, is Dressed to Kill's sex and nudity scene. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us like full nakedness (Allen's front from a very oblique angle), and De Palma has long shots of Dickinson's chest, strongly hidden masturbation and more visceral scenes than usual in contemporary films. Quite a few scenes are approaching soft-core porn. I'm not a fan of prudery - just the opposite. The puritanical, monogamistic, protected attitude to sex and the nakedness of our culture is disturbing to me. From my point of view, it is regrettable that accentuating the body and its pleasure with clothing in Kill is one of the few aspects in which others did not follow in his footsteps or pierce the film. It may have been desirable, but they were not allowed to go in the same direction because of cultural control from conservative stuffed shirts. <br /> <br /> The direction of the De Palma cinematography and the staging of some of the scenes are also good enough that it is difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a strange, characteristic approach to close-ups and likes shots from interesting angles, such as views from above and tracking James Whale in distant episodes in sets. Of course, later directors were more brilliant, but it's hard to say they were better. The museum scene, from the point of view of film skills, is unusual in terms of the ability to build a very subtle tension on the dropped glove and eye or two, following Kate through intricately nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.> <br /> On the other hand, history point of view, and especially if someone expects to watch the thriller, everything in the museum scene and a bit further may seem too slow and stupid. Due to the fact that he was removed from the main genre of the film and his main concern with the director's interview (as well as cultural facts external to the film), the opening seems to be a not well-integrated attempt of excitement and delight. When the first murder occurs, the situation will improve, but due to the possible impact of the film, much of the improvement seems now a bit banal and sometimes hokey. <br /> <br /> The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is underused, and Dickinson must leave earlier than we would like (but the output is necessary and very effective). Dressed in killing, he can at least keep your interest to the end, but due to the facts not included in the picture itself, he did not quite age. At this point, it is probably best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for this era - of some of De Palma's directorial traits.
