I just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I saw for the first time about 23 years ago, when I was a teenager who was out of my sleep, watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. Before we watched the Animal House, so we saw two films in which a graduate of the SNL performed and who had naked breasts. It's good that our parents slept all the time! Anyway, in this movie there were many strange and funny things that were eye-catching windows, like the advertising sequence of Brown's Uranus Industries ("with the taste of beef stew", says the announcer because what apparently human droppings come from a white tube). or the face of a puppet talking about VD (scrotum with a small penis with glued eyes). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their debut here in the feature film. Chase is funny, does Geritan take a place with a woman undressing, his hands are having sex in the commercial "Let Fingers Do It", or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-author / director Ken Shapiro drumming his hands on the head. Belzer's ensembles from Shapiro in the movie "The Dealers" and in the "Channel One Evening News" with one wild song, in which Belzer as a black prostitute tries tricks on the reporter Ken, who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, it sounds like a train that I will ride like Choo-Choo!" Other scandalous fragments are "The Koko Show" from Shipiro as the host of the clown show, who, after ordering "people over ten" leave the room, reads the requests of their viewers, such like fragments of "Fanny Hill"! Or what about the Olympic Games segment with a German loving couple announced by two men (one of them Spanish) because they become clear while "Please Stand By" still bothers the screen! Or an animated fragment of "The Dealers", which presents dancing toilets after Shapiro's consumption of marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. Apart from the sketch of "Four Leaf Clover" at the end is a very funny music segment in which Ken slides his own recording "Just You, Just Me", dancing with a suit and a briefcase around the city, and sometimes with clay (writer Lane Sarasohn) joined us . To sum up, this is one weird, funny movie that seemed to affect other films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and probably Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy show the first star) and, despite some dated items, they can still play today. P.S. While I liked to listen to Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during dance / hitch-hiking gorillas, I was wondering what was going on with the sequence of the hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up, escaping the car, running away, and then catching the naked man by the police officer, who stopped on the road. Guess it's one of those things from the 70s ...
