You know what they say about the '70s, if you remember that they were not there. One of the few things I remember about the '70s was the first hippy and fashionable social satire seen from a completely "underground" or counter-cultural perspective ... The Groove Tube. If humor seems to be faded or thoughtless for some viewers, it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is not "fresh" anymore, but hey! When this movie appeared, it was the first ... and some of these skits were made for the first time ... while Nixon was in position, the war in Vietnam was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. . and J. Edgar Hoover was still responsible for the FBI. This is a film made before the Watergate break-up and as such was one of the first to make a large attack on the outpost ... to make fun of it and the hippies at the same time. And to be honest, some skits are still funny. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke", you'll love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 1970s really looked like, check out Groove Tube .. if you like Oscar-winning "Network" from the same year and thought it was right in your wild look at TV, you will be kicking Groove Tube ... which raises the subject, but the game for viewers. . young viewers who turned off the TV for other entertainment ... We were brought up in Ozzie and Harriet "Leave It to Beaver", Father Knows Best, My Three Sons..Happy Days ... so imagine our joy when those of us who experimented with new lifestyles, saw the shipping box, seen from our perspective! The advertisements of the Uranus group are priceless. "Good things come from Uranus" ... and the sudden departure from the simple film to Fritz in the cat-style animation, when the hippies eat weeds, is still one of the best ideas and the common sense I saw in the film. <br /> <br /> If you liked Kentucky Fried, you'll love this movie. And if you ever wonder why your weird uncle Harold still has a wicked gleam in his eye when he thinks about his college days ... that would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take what it is ... a souvenir of the times ... and a sassy little movie that will help us all who have forgotten about the 70's to remind them again.
