"Once upon a time there was a charming land called France ... People lived happily then. Women were easy, and men devoted themselves to their favorite pastimes: war, the only entertainment of kings from which people could enjoy themselves. " The war in question was the Seven Years' War, and when it was noticed that there were more bodies of soldiers than soldiers, recruiters were sent to complete the ranks. <br /> <br /> And so Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught on the fall of the farmer's daughter on the haystack, escapes the marriage, joining the Regiment d'Aquitane ... but only by first believing in his future as predicted by the Gypsy, that he will gain fame and happiness in the uniform of His Majesty and marry the daughter of the king. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a Gypsy, but the daughter of a sergeant recruiting the regiment. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan withdraws from the recruits, the saber in his hand will save the carriage, which should be attacked, who should be inside, but the Marquis du Pompadour and ... the daughter of the king. Now he is convinced that he will marry high, despite the extremely low blouses Adeline wears. She, in turn, will soon discover her love for Fanfan. We are in the middle of a disrespectful film about Fanfan's destiny, the hideous adventures of a villain and villain. There are escapes from curtains, sword fights on tiles, unsuccessful battles, romantic escapes and more joyful bravado than you can imagine. What Fanfan does not have in Polish, makes up for it with a lack of respect and enthusiasm. He is a fast swordsman and a fast talking lover, but with such naive faith in his destiny and such an optimistic nature, how can we not like him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was a cult actor on the stage and screen (which Francois Truffaut constantly disregarded on the Cahiers du Cinema website). He did most of his stunts. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him and women dreamed about him. He was dead at the age of 36, seven years after Fanfanie, liver cancer. France was mourning all over. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline. These are not the low-cut blouses they play. She is fierce, passionate, not entirely innocent and stupid. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe simply sings along with an endless satirical action, indicated situations and good nature. Not to mention a funny, sharp dialogue. After Adeline took steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she met the king in his private quarters. "Give me your lovely little hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who is asking about your heart?" Says the king: "Everything I am asking for is a little pleasure." "I am the right girl," says Adeline. The king says: "You owe my respect to my merits. Do you love Fanfana? Then thank you. My fancies allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying the loyalty that you swore to him. " Now it is clever, fun things. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to discourage popular movies as mere entertainment (and personalized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and his director, Christian-Jacques, were among their main goals. Probably they missed the Fanfan point, which is a very funny satire on the futility of the army and war. How much better it must have seemed to make films about anxiety that only colleagues would appreciate. Fortunately, some of them, such as Truffaut and Chabrol, grew out of this childish condescension and realized that a good movie is a good movie, whether you like it or just the experts. An intelligent person who likes movies can appreciate each if the videos are well made. Those who accept the film based on its popularity are as degrading as those who boast that they never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
