This is the last of the four revelers from France, which I planned to watch during this Christmas season: the rest (in order of viewing) were inspired by THE BLACK TULIP (1964; from the same director as this, but not so good), surprisingly effective Oscar LADY ( 1979, which was created as a Japanese manga!) And a wonderful CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, not long ago I watched this movie on Italian TV late in the night and I remembered that I was not particularly enchanted by it, so I was really surprised by how much I liked it this time (also bearing in mind the surprising lack of enthusiasm shown in the film here and somewhere else, when it was first announced as the upcoming DVD release from Criterion). <br /> <br /> Incidentally, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a lot in common with the above-mentioned CARTOUCHE: not only cast members and crew (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, operator Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also in terms of feature ? in fact, the hero is a female soldier (Cartouche Jean-Paul Belmondo also had a short military spell), which he loves a fiery girl (in this case a gypsy Gina Lollobrigida), while he is obsessed with impossible love (here, this is none other than daughter of the king! Like in a later film, Fanfan (perfectly planted by Gerard Philipe who, ironically, is so full of life here that it is hard to believe that he will be touched by cancer within 7 years) is surrounded by two loving fun, but cowardly men (one of them is actually his supervisor and the heroine's father) and opposes an unscrupulous figure in his own ranks (aging Roquevert, with whom the hero finally engages in a duel on the roof, because he also has love designs for a gypsy girl )! for recording, Lollobrigida will return to Philippe in his next film, beautiful romantic fantasy Rene Clair LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN turned out to be a huge box office hit and even won a surprising (but well-deserved) award for best direction in Cannes on more well-known films, such as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951) ), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity was ensured by its re-release in a computer version (presumably for the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black-and-white product with a 10-meter pole), and the Criterion disc itself contains a sample of this variant; it is of course a foreign language title, there is also a dubious choice of soundtrack in English, but even if it has not been particularly painful to take into account when everything has been said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a pseudonym given to the protagonist by the young side of Genevieve as the famous Madame De Pompadour) contains as much comedy as (expected) action and romance; while some may find it overwhelming, I do not agree with myself because I liked the harsh satirical narrative, and in general, this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski, like THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). He said that here sword fighting is extremely strong for a fundamentally light undertaking (especially scuffle in the forest and ambush in the monastery), and the film itself is sometimes rather an adult (with numerous allusions to sexuality, as well as a simple language adopted throughout the text) when I watched for yourself with the traditional Hollywood tariff, like now; so the climax is quite brilliant: enemy forces (which, which are funny, speak in accelerated babble!) are exhausted by our heroic trio, to the great astonishment of the king whom Marcel Herrand presents? best known for his role as leader of the Paris underground in MARCEL CARNE'S CHILDREN'S PARADISE (1945)? he is a kind of lecherist himself. <br /> <br /> P.S. The Italian TV channel threatens to show Christian-Jaque promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) for months, but despite programming it three times (with the fourth planned for the next week), they must show it; despite this, I still have three of his films on my unsupported VHS stack (also separated from the Italian television shows late at night): the three hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948; with Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971; with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
