One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this one, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, or shootings, but instead deals with one rifle, Winchester '73, and how this one rifle affects others and how they influence it. The rifle is not a living, breathing man, right? You may be tempted to believe that it is not. But it seems that he has his own mind, for two very similar reasons: he finally returns to the rightful owner, even though in the rest of the painting his inept "owners" make every effort to ensure it does not do it and never seems to be content until it returns to its original owner, so by chance, inept "owners" always seem to lose it or die trying to protect him, until he comes back to James Stewart, it is "content." But not every owner deserves it. Stewart has, of course, because he won. McNally no, because he had to be a dirty thief and steal him. Drake definitely does not do it, because he would probably lose in some poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a one-of-a-kind rifle if he does not even use it? Duryea does not do it, because he is just a giggling maniac and we all know that the gigantic maniacs do not deserve a weapon. This movie has a kind of noir edge, which can only have people from the West, like an Ox-Bow incident. Westerners have their own type of noir, which is very different from the films from Bogart from the 30's and 40's. This is without a doubt the best of all five westerns of Stewart-Mann, although my favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four were significantly different from this. It does not seem to me that the other four were colored, and this is black and white. It's because of the noir edge. All five films had revenge and the dark past in part of Stewart played in the movie, to the extent that it is not just Stewart's dark side, but also actually a kind of character, not the one to be mentioned in the subtitles, but you can only to recognize and know that he is there, always present. But this one, not only in terms of revenge and dark past, but also in terms of the highest danger, and characters that were very different from Stewart, make it outnumber the other four in every respect. But Stewart never crosses the line. He, however, goes along the line between light and darkness. That is why black and white played such an integral role in the film. They could be all black and white, or they could all be colored. But this one is black and white, and the other four are in color and there is a very good reason for it.
