The great figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, as well as the performances of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, revolve around the extremely entertaining first western director Anthony Mann with James Stewart. Although Stewart's attempt to avenge his father's murder is the main story, Winchester '73 is really a piece of the title one-thousandth firearms passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including a winding trader (John McIntire, especially great) and outlawed Dan Duryea which is even more despicable than usual. The combination of fiction and film history creates a lively pace and ambivalent tone, perfectly harmonizing with the modest, compositionally rigorous filming of Mann. His subjects of mental anxiety and the past of dictation poorly underlie this high tale of good and evil people who chase after the legendary gun, but emerge in the husband's cowardly vain and unsuccessful attempt at penance, and are defined in Stewart's conversations with midfielder Millard Mitchell. The use of the Mann environment distinguishes it from other western filmmakers. Instead of staring at distant views, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate or evoke the goals of human figures. Like the mountains, caves and rapids had to be included in the "Naked Spur", here the shooting takes place among loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstacle that fatalistically defines the roles of victor and victim between two equally qualified sharpshooters. (I would be unacceptable if I did not accept the contribution of William H. Daniels, the author of the photographs, especially in his ultra-modern photography with open range.) Not only an expert maniac, Mann also presents a vivid picture of patrolled Dodge City Wyatt Earpa, mainly through scaled multi-level gradation. Shooting competitions do not depend on rapid changes in the camera or vibrating cuts in order to achieve the effect, because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the highest density of information in a given shot. He does not care about describing the plot in dialogue, based on the eyes of the actors or a well-chosen image to convey the stakes. One of the scenes specifically explains his attitude: Mitchell tells of Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by a climactic shooting that will soon reveal everything. Light without the feeling of immateriality, intensity without domination, Winchester '73 seems more modern than its peers and is a joy.
