The new creative team was formed in 1950, when the brilliant actor James Stewart partnered with equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to create a series of westerns that helped define this genre for the future. Until then Stewart was known mainly from aw..aw..aw approach to family comedies, dramas and romances. Not that he is not a multi-talented Hollywood star anymore. One of his best performances on screens in history and one of the best for everyone on celluloid was Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer on the scandalous rag in The Philadelphia Story. Earlier he even did westerns. His portrait of a shy and, at the same time, expert picture of Thomas Jefferson, Destry Jr. in the comedy western Destry Rides Again helped make this film a classic. But for most movie viewers, he was a type of American boy type Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely was the dark side of any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B movies in film noir mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught the attention of James Stewart. Two talented men have pooled their resources to produce some of Hollywood's greatest westerns. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann became a successful film director A, which resulted in directing what some critics regard as the greatest Western among them - "The Western Man" by Gary Cooper. Stewart became fabulously rich as a result of the partnership, because he signed part of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary he was usually paid for, the wise movement has indeed followed many other actors since then. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first to tell a story from the point of view of a travel gun. Each owner is part of the story told and all this coincides in an exciting game at the end of the movie, which also surprises the viewer. Based on the story of Stuart Lake, the story focuses on revenge and Winchester '73 ownership. It is 1876. Custer and his 7 cavalry were destroyed by Sioux and Cheyenne in Little Big Horn. Whites want revenge. Native Americans want to regain their land and way of life. This conflict leads to a confrontation between native Americas led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small group of cavalry pinned in a canyon joined by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and his entire life pal High Spade (unsung) actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dove with a nice heart. Among horse soldiers are newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (late "Dukes of Hazzard"), some of which have been shortened by the ball. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. he has it as a marshal. The great actor Will Geer (later Walton) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was the assistant of the marshal at Dodge, simply by cutting himself off from being a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins at Winchester in a shooting competition, but was picked up shortly after by outlaw Holmes Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his supporters. McAdam and High Spade are in the Dutch Henryk and Winchester until the end of the movie. Along the way, an even more sinister figure appears, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as evil personified by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show to other members of the star cast. <br /> <br /> Winchester goes through several hands during the movie every time the transfer is intense. One of them is a gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps are interlaced with the above scenario. All this together with the action keeps the viewer stuck to the seat throughout the duration of the show. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, the cast is prime to the smallest role. Look for other face acquaintances in unclassified parts, including future Sheriff "Bonanza" Ray Teal and B western, a reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
