In 1942, the TALES OF MANHATTAN film told a collection of stories that were basically unrelated, but were associated with the outfit of a men's evening outfit. Each story began when "tails" were passed from one owner (for example, Charles Boyer) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, an excellent film and a great western, has a similar twist. Initially, it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly grudge. But during the film both men take part in a shooting competition, and the prize (awarded by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) is one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely beats MacMahon, but the weapon is stolen from Stewart and the pursuit continues. <br /> <br /> The pistol goes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant entrepreneur who does not know when to stop being arrogant), to Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a short one), to Charles Drake, to Dan Duryea (as the charmingly lethal and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean), to MacMahon. Finally, he returns to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has many different experiences. Duryea rides a rifle literally over Drake's dead body (Duryea enforces this problem). But he loses to MacMahon who is faster in the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for a rifle. As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who watched Duryea kill his ex-boyfriend Drake) casts her a disgust for a moment to ask why he endured MacMahon's bullying for weapons. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. An opportunity will appear later (i.e., When can safely kill MacMahon and retrieve a rifle). <br /> <br /> Characters are extremely human. Winters appears for the first time as Drake's future fiancé, but he sees a really big negative side for him - an inexcusable side. Drake is aware of this and helps to destroy it. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.C. Flippen as a military sergeant who fights an Indian attack with his friend Steward and steward Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, with colleague Flippen - Tony Curtis. Flippen believes that this soldier was already on a hundred battlefields, probably from 1861. The steward showed emotions in other films. He sometimes showed anger in LIVING LIFE and also a nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here he showed demonic anger - at the expense of the surprised Duryea (who normally would show such anger). <br /> <br /> Parts of the film fit very well under Manna's competent hands. This is one western that never wipes out because the audience is watching the Winchester rifle.
