The buffs of an adult western who flourished in the 1950s are trying to track his roots in the film that started the syndrome. Of course, we can return to Howard Hawks' Red River (1948) or even further to John Ford's Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stay with this one decade, it must be one of several films made in the first year of the era. One of them is "The Gunfighter", an extremely grim story about the famous gunslinger (Ringo), who faced the last shooting. Another from the same year is "Winchester '73" and it is worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears in both gloomy, mustachioed, and very realistic players. In The Gunfighter, he is the city's marshal who is supposed to arrest Ringo, but he used to go with him in a band of outlaws. In Winchester, he is the helper of Jimmy Stewart, a sort of Horatio for Hamlet Stewart in this epic / tragic tale. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lonely cowpoke wins extraordinary Winchester in the shooting, defeating the worst man in the west (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused their father's death. When Brother steals his weapon, Stewart and Mitchell follow him in a cowboy Odyssey that takes them across the border, meeting with both Outlaws and Indians. (In one great song, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play an Indian chief and an American cavalry soldier - during a well-organized battle of robberies, Dan Duryea steals the entire performance as the outlawed leader of outlaws, while Shelly Winters, just before she started to gain weight, she's fine as a thin lady who binds all the threads together. Today filmmakers will last about four hours to bring such an ambitious screen idea, but Anthony Mann does so in an extremely economical way the amount of time without wasting a minute. Such western legends as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (frighteningly played by Will Geer) appear briefly, adding historicity and epic nature. At the top of a series of protruding rock canyons, he is now legendary among Western enthusiasts, it is also worth noting that Stewart, independently from how much he associated with western f ilmami, he does what is actually his first western role in the lead role - yes, he was in St eleven years earlier stry Rides Again, but he was cast in this comedy parody, because he seemed so angry for westerns!
