Traditional Western is a synonym of wide open spaces, clear morality, inevitable plots, optimistic belief in the hero's ability to shape his own destiny, escape from the past. These features directly reflect the American sense of self, self-harming dreams, shifting boundaries and boundaries, which is why this species is still being made by opportunist politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg Wellman, Hawks), the West was healthy free of neuroses or real anxiety. Anthony Mann changed it all forever, and this first genre tour is one of the most brutal, vivid, complex, not to say exciting westerns ever made. <br /> <br /> The traditional western depends on the hero who is an example of rough health, any misfortune he could have had in the past, a supporter of order and law that dominates in the film, removes its obstacles, restores harmony; and an obvious villain who often ironically directs the conspiracy, forcing the hero to do certain things. The difference between them is often described as mythically simple, like wearing white or black hats. <br /> <br /> Manna's background was in the noir movie, an antithetic genre for wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was neurotically charged, focusing on the breakup of an unstable hero, where morality is blurred, the hero is just as often a villain, trapped in the inner labyrinth of his own creativity, a passive victim of destiny. Noir is not a regress, no progress, interrogation and denial of modes and signs of representation, not creating and confirming them. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is full of anxiety noir. Noir is often considered a psychological genre, visualizing the head injuries of his hero. 73 does it too and it's even more worrying that this character is a charming, homespun Jimmy Stewart, initiating his great run of difficult films with Mann and Hitchcock. In many respects, good-natured and sweet, representing righteousness and trying to restore disruption to the natural order, he is also close to a madman who will stop at nothing to achieve murderous revenge, whose constant search reflects Ethan Edwards in the SEEKING inhumane stubbornness whose human instincts are jagged through this mission and whose outbreaks of violence are truly terrifying witnesses. <br /> <br /> Like in Noir, his anxiety is psychological - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have overgrown (symbolically killed) their fathers, McAdam's father was killed before he could complete the trial; his pursuit of his brother is less a moral revenge than tormented protest against stunted growth. The culminating shooting is not cathartic: McAdam staggers towards the "normal" society, as if he has just witnessed the most terrifying horrors in the world. <br /> <br /> The most disturbing thing about this movie is that it is not really about the hero or villain in general, but about the inanimate piece of the weoponra that drives the action. 73 opens with the privileged title weapon, placed behind the glass, while her devotees are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring her outside. Throughout the film, human strength is reduced to the most meaningful ones - names are changed; Lin and Dutch mime shoot each other because they have no weapons; quests lose their moral vitality, and their practitioners approach madness; armies must ask the help of foreign Confederates to fight; a man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a coward when he abandons his fiancee to the Indians; the pistol retains its prestige, power, and the whole. <br /> <br /> It's not the revenge that drives the movie, but the story of the gun; it pulls out a film of conventional expectations and creates an amazing, alienated, modern style. We become so caught up in a plot of revenge that when we follow her, with a gun, a completely different action, we feel a bit dazed. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on weapons, a symbol of strong masculinity, in fact allows criticism of this masculinity, revealing senseless complicated rituals at the expense of society and order; brutal capitalist greed; murderous Indian merchants who cheat both the seller and the enemy; cowards; psychotic killers; before he returns to his "real" owner, a broken hero totally compromised, who has become as murderous as the murderer he is looking for. The gun is never printed on the owner's name, not only because he has no permanent owner, but because there is no constant masculinity, curses of insight into traditional Western. <br /> <br /> 73 makes great reference to Western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, cavalry, civil war, the wide open West - just to undermine them. Earp has an overwhelming reputation that is called by itself, but has never been proven - Dodge City is no safer from outlaws than anywhere else; Cavalry is inept (Custer just lost the Small Big Horn), and the bitter feud of the war turned out to be irrelevant. The myth of the open West is a place of a very closed, inescapable, circular plot that captures its characters, does not allow them to shape their destiny, but allows them to shape them. <br /> <br /> Old John Ford A silhouette of riders on a vast mountain is represented, but it signals here not progress, but repeatability and circularity. But despite all deconstruction, the film is also tangibly alive in a way that few western people have managed to achieve. Insightful manna technique breaks into his camera in key positions, alternately revealing the distance with intense study, making the living room doors and stagecoaches appear to be alive and alive.
