"Addictive" is an adjective that I heard many times when I talked about some TV programs. Lately, dramas such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have deserved this description. However, although they may be convincing (and they really are), I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of both series, even Prison Break, which some have lazily classified as "new 24". With all due respect there can be no such thing, and for good reason: no other thriller on the silver screen is based on real time structure. This distinguishes 24 from any other program and that is why I have to watch the entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: when the "frickin" clock starts ticking, it can not be turned off. <br /> <br /> The episode whose events appeared in one day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and more recently Deadwood); the entire season of the new series lasts 24 hours, one per ep (the actual duration is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 occasions when the program is broadcast on television), it was the most revolutionary idea on the main television from Hill Street Blues introduced a non-linear story story (currently obligatory element). And it really paid off. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the original plan of the show was to turn around the wedding (thankfully the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format is more suitable for a conspiratorial thriller), which is probably the reason for whom the first look at the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland), extremely relaxed, enjoys playing chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert), and a few minutes later he felt with Teri (Leslie Hope), wife, with which he has just reconciled. Like in "Sopranos", something unexpected and shocking is just around the corner: Kim not only jumped out of her room, but Jack also receives a phone calling him to work immediately. Midnight? I am afraid that: Bauer is a CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) agent and his boss has obtained credible information about the possible hit David David (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles all day (yes , I almost forgot: events take place on Presidential California day). There is no time for a nap, so: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and this does not suit George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slimy man from the Department, who was asked to interrupt the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, which makes the show difficult to recommend to people with a short period of attention, but anyone who wants to look will be immediately rewarded: the letter is sharp and precise, unsurpassed attention to details, and the tension is unchangeable high, mainly thanks to real-time scams, which significantly increase the level of adrenaline. <br /> <br /> Another great feature of this remote is the characteristics: most of the genre programs (sci-fi and thriller) simply present key players and then define them later (example of the manual is CSI, where character development is minimal, but then again fits the unique style of the series), while the debut of the 24 series offers a wide range of fully rounded people, among which Jack (the best role of Sutherland - ever!) And Palmer (real revelation of the performance) stands out because it is perfectly described only after one episode (former division into work and family, reckless but humanitarian, the latter honorable and endowed with great integrity). Several supporting parts bordered on the stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors should be considered: a) this is the first episode; b) so much happens that most viewers do not even complain about a "flaw" or two. After all, how many network programs start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager AND a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Select, tock, tick, tock ...
