Of these comments in front of mine, I agree mainly with Edyarb. The story and the script apparently had the potential to be fun, but in some places it failed to manage. It was obvious that they wanted to joke, but nobody in the audience laughed. (I also agree with Edybar's view on the endpoints: leave it normal or make it fun, but not what they did now.) OK, this gives a more negative impression than what I had to watch a movie. I liked; it was a pleasant entertainment for the night and I definitely did not feel like a waste of money to get a ticket. The best jokes are those that go a little beyond the expected and are quite mature, like the character of Luke Wilson Matt asks a super chick "P * nis or bed?" When she told him that "he will get him new" after a wild night in bed, ending breaking the bed and leaving my mother aching. <br /> <br /> I can not agree with bgs1614, which says that the film can get an "R" rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film to justify it. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing expressive, only humorous and no nudity. (Maybe he was at the audition, which showed more ...?) I would like to compare it to the last two films that I watched without any expectations: Superman Returns and Click. I did not expect anything from one of them - I was a huge fan of Superman's original films, and Clicka's trailer showed him as potentially chauvinistic (which I would not object to) the movie. Superman surprised me with the fact that I felt good (goose skin!) About his first heroic act, such as seeing a long-lost friend and satisfaction with it. But for the rest of the story I would prefer to watch a girl with Super Super Ex, at least offering surprises. Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes from being a really great movie. Jokes also work much better than in a former girl, both naughty and more advanced. <br /> <br /> In any case, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three. I saw in a very short time, and also because I went through to all of them with essentially no expectations. I would rank them in Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
