On paper, it looked like a great idea: the average guy on a date picks up as a tight curator of a museum of books, which is a really hot superhero who regularly saves the world. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (from "Simpson") almost fatally calculated that their hero G-Girl (played by striking Uma Thurman) left as a total robot, both as a superhero hero and the secret figure of Jenny Johnson. The movie even the cops are talking to Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his rescue by G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny is curious to ask Matt what G-Girl looks like. Matt replies: "She's a bit nutty?" I think it was the intention that Jenny (Thurman) would be the lonely young woman who has no one in her life, isolated from her great physical strength. Thurman does everything she can, but her Jenny is a terrifying mood swing that urgently needs Prozac. Luke Wilson is too bold in turning the roles of a girl friend and a superhero. <br /> <br /> "My super-ex-girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing, approaching the end of "Superman Returns" who plays Superhero straight, so to speak. With all my quirks and inconsistent writing, I still thought that "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and I liked the movie. Given that it is a film by Ivan Reitman, it could have been much better. Reitman begins with a great assumption and really breaks it. First of all, we all love the hero. Here, neither Jenny nor G-Girl are so nice. This is surprising to Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. At the beginning, her Jenny / G-Girl is just weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a superhero, is Thurman? It looks great. Only towards the end of her Jenny becomes more like a caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a simple story about Superhero, but rather a romantic comedy, does not provide what every Superhero mythology requires? Here is Professor Bedlam, known as Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really bad lite. He is not Lex Luthor. Lack of global domination plans. I was rather Barry's grudges against G-Girl, and it probably has to do with their shared past. What is strange, you do not know who you prefer to spend with? Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson is just "some guy" who meets a psycho-superhero. One of the annoying things he does is that he confides in his repulsive friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson is doing bad counterfeiting). Wilson sometimes plays a bit too dense, and this weakens his nice charm. However, this works in the comic scene of sex with Jenny. Matt during the date Jenny / G-Girl realizes that he is in love with his colleague Hannah (dashing Anna Faris). So how is Matt breaking up with G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and mostly fun. <br /> <br /> Dramatic movies about superheroes work. Romantic comedies with chemical works. What can be inherently difficult is the satire of the superhero in the guise of romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. And yet the heroine? May not. With all of Uma's talent, Thurman is unable to achieve this convincingly. And he does not receive enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative mistakes. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Although everyone involved, the movie could have been great.
