It all starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you decide to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter his new movie Seven Pounds, regardless of how you prefer when he starts at the end and works back at the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to this dizzying 911 connection. It's one powerful movie; maybe because I'm soft when it comes to drama of this kind, dripping with important moments and filled with destructive productions, but anyway the movie works best when it really touches me, when it lags behind my head hours after leaving the theater. And it is from the team that brought us overrated, juicy, and not all the redemption of the Pursuit of Happiness, so let me just say that my expectation was closely guarded for a great profession. Even so, I was with seven pounds from the first cage until the number of loans fell. Even if you discover what Will Will Smith does, this secret mission he is trying to complete is the way he fulfills his penance, which shines brightly and leaves a tearful smile at the end. > <br /> Our entry point is a bit shocking, leaving us clumsy trying to understand what's going on. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of the people we do not know, and one of the people who seems to be trying to follow and control. Working with the IRS allows him access to these strangers to have a look at their lives to see if they are worthy gift that has the power to give them a gift that could completely change their situation. He calls an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised not to guess his decision, because there is no change in his mind. Even in a role as small as Pepper, you can not resist the feeling of total sadness in the background hanging above everyone's head. It's his character, seen three times, it really covers the original level of emotions that he deals with. His breakdowns, regardless of whether they are covered with streaks and tears or head convulsions in their hands, show that the bond that these two men have is the test of time and all circumstances to reach the goal. , starts the journey to meet new people. Thomas has a mission to help alleviate the monetary problems of terminally ill people, trying to stay afloat despite heavy medical burdens and survival. This progress goes on for many turns, from the "blind, vegan, meat seller" who is reprimanding to see if he can get him to explode; to the heart of the second donor, who can not print the stationary line, and even run with his Prince of the Danes; for a battered and frightened Latin mother of two children who are afraid to leave the boy; a dying hockey trainer who arouses faith in the oppressed youth community; to a little boy in need of a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and an inevitable future with a disposition of hope and wanting to cherish every day, and there are those who try to defeat him by cutting off the horns and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it in style. Why Thomas is going to go through the mix and find the ones that deserve his "gift" is not known at the beginning, which is why this man, seen in flashbacks as an aviation engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge house on the beach, lives in a motel, leading destroyed car, driving from door to door to conduct an IRS audit. As he says himself, he "came across a job". <br /> <br /> The search for Smith as Thomas is long and painful, relieved by moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man who has the means to help, he takes his work seriously, crossing out those who are unworthy and testing those whom he considers to be worthy of the degree. If that means he has to scream and make fun of them, he has to do it. However, at every step you see suffering in his eyes, pain devouring his soul, taking every step towards his destiny, one as a sacred redemption, not only for those whom he wants to help but for himself. It is an award-winning performance and I would like Smith to do more such dramas than his hit summer action poles, because, despite being funny, this guy is too good for them. A man wins the Oscar better before it ends, or it will be a parody, at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is amazing. Woody Harrelson as a blind salesman is the perfect handicap with the joy of life. His shy smile and faith in humanity meet all the time, regardless of whether someone is shouting on the phone, sitting in a pub eating a cake or playing the piano in the park, playing for everyone who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as a battered mother, is fantastic, showing a hard evolution, from proud to frightened, to completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines as a "once-hot" young woman, beaten and broken by long hospital stays, but gave up her life to find love and happiness. This introduction of Thomas Smith opens her eyes to a woman, a spirit-free sexual being who can simply live without fear of wondering what day will be her last.
