Seven pounds, it was a movie in which I was convinced that Will Smith was really going to make the movies "I will make you cry". One thing for which I can give him a lot of credit, a person can cry. The only thing is how moving this story is, Will Smith has repeatedly proved he can act, so why is he taking this extremely depressing story? But still it is a good movie. I have to admit I was crying, but I felt that Rosario Dawson was a distinctive performance, I love this girl since I saw her in the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl would go far. She is beautiful, adorable, funny and talented, she can not wait to see how far her career will go. But she and Will Smith were not so sure if they had the great chemistry that a movie would need to make a great movie out of it. <br /> <br /> Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car accident that was caused by him with a mobile phone; Seven people died: six strangers and his fiancée. A year after the disaster and after leaving work as an aviation engineer, Tim donates a lung to his brother, Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he gives some of his liver to a child care worker named Holly. Then he starts looking for more candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a younger hockey coach, and gives him a kidney, and then passes the bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before his death, he contacts Holly and asks if he knows someone who deserves help. Suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an offensive boyfriend. Tim moves out of his home to the local motel, taking the jelly with him from the box. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to his beach house. He takes two children and moves into a new home. He stole his brother's credentials and revealed himself under the name of Brother Ben. He checks candidates for the last two donations. The first of these is Ezra Turner, a blind seller of vegetarian meat who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to see if he is angry. Ezra remains calm, and Tim decides that he is worthy. Then he contacts Emily Posa, a self-employed greeting card printer that has heart disease and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, healing her garden and repairing the rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition worsens, he must make a donation. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good movie and without a doubt it's worth seeing, I just recommend renting a theater. Will Smith is doing a good performance, but not the best, just the majority of the movie required him to cry in every scene, but the last one with him is doozy. But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and you do not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben's character reminds you to value life and give it to those in desperate need. Although he went a bit far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
