I definitely recommend this movie to any musical fan who died to see a musical that faithfully moves from stage to screen. Of course it is long, but its length is a testimony to how faithful the original musical script is. The sets and cast really make Sweet Apple, Ohio a place where you can be. Fosse protege Anne Reinking also performs wonderful work with choreography, giving dances a pleasant small town, feel the period. <br /> <br /> Casting at first glance may seem strange to some, but they really are wonderful (reading "comments on Jason Alexandra's performance made me sick." In fact, his perforation literally steals the show. As Albert mixes his unique a mixture of manic nervousness and the charm of Dick Van Dyke to create a new and improved Albert The fact that he can dance and sing as no one bothers anyone George Wendt is another distinguished man who perfects Paul Lynde's approach to Harry McAffe, making The whole character and body language are screaming "over my dead body." Marc Kudisch brings the aspect of Elvis Conrad Birdi to new heights thanks to the subtle insert "thank you very much" in "Honest Honesty." His physicality alludes to but more to the young Elvis, and then to the distended, stubborn Conrad with the original fi The fact is that this movie is so different from the original movie (which was added in happy faces, turtles for speed and Russian ballet !!!). I wonder what happened to Bye, Bye Birdie? The only possible advantage of the original version over this is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in every respect. Where the old version cut out many songs and increased the number of breaks for dancing where there was no need (and for all intents and purposes ended the movie in the middle of the game), the new version restored the original musical score and added some great new things too ("A Giant Step "is a distinction in this category). We know that we live in times of trial, but if you want to get away from the trouble and put on a happy face, it's worth checking.
