This movie is one of the best short films I've ever seen - and because I try to be at all major film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially what the industry thinks is "the best." I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting is usually exaggerated and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance in Lost, so I generally try to avoid his films. However, I was able to see it at a film festival a few years ago and I was absolutely delighted. This director really knows what he's doing. Of course, you'll get trolls (or simply ignorant) who do not understand what a good movie is and ripping a low-budget job because they have no idea what's going on. But fortunately, from what I've seen, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem. <br /> <br /> Let us not deny that the movie did not work without a budget and that several supporting actors can still use the work because it is certainly true. The value of production is very low, but what can you expect from the first real movie from someone else in high school? Pretend for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you get rid of some acting, sound quality (which was not really the filmmaker's fault, I saw it at the festival, the sound was ok ... I guarantee that whoever caused the DVD to screw up) and what about the fact that it was filmed on mini-DV, what have you been left with? History, visual composition and the soul of the film, which are undisputedly unmistakable. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. It's clear. He can write heavy, engaging scripts better than most people in Hollywood, create a list of shots that perfectly complements this story and bring it to life in a fascinating, creative way that, if the higher budget could win. Give him more experienced actors, better sound postproduction and 35 mm instead of mini-DV, and even trolls can not complain. This girl is amazing and remembering that Insomniac was made several years ago, she has done amazing work since then. The Dreams of an Angel trailer shows this and I can not wait to see the higher budget she has made. 9/10 stars, this is a hellish movie from one hell of a filmmaker.
