The Hauser brand (John Cusack) is a CIA assassin. He was ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, the country that the United States "liberated", and to kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate Tamerlane, which puts the country together, will not represent Shariff, an oil worker from a neighboring state, laying his own pipeline through Turquistan, which is torn apart by war. But once he gets there, Brand encounters difficulties. First of all, a determined journalist Natalie (Marisa Tomei) meets, who wants to tell the American audience the "real" history of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand is amazed when he realizes that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mind immediately and unconsciously force him to lose focus on his mission. In addition, his cover as the host of the fair forces him to meet with a pop singer from the country, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry in the congress center. She is a young diva, whose wedding arrangements divert Brand's attention from the upcoming homicide. Will, thanks to other inept subordinates and complications, Brand be able to fulfill his mission, to the satisfaction of the GREAT boss Tamerlane, former vice president (Dan Ackroyd)? Okay, John Cusack, make this movie, though it's not really holding on. Filmed in Serbia, it's worth taking a look at what today's Iraq must look like, a country turned upside down. With one stroke of brilliance, the green zone is called here the "Emerald City" and rightly, for this neighborhood-like Oz, it tries to stop the devastation of wars that are taking place in other parts of the metropolis. The cast is very good and Cusack does a good job, and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him in style. Duff, especially, makes a great turnaround as a heavily accented, heavily painted singer with a potty. Reconstruction of Baghdad with the war is so real that it hurts, while costumes and other production values ​​are of the highest class. As for the script, it is not always consistent, but it certainly has a huge dialogue and scenes. For example, the young boy Turaqui proposes to show Brand the hideout of the enemy in exchange for money and sweets. Brand produces cash, but because there are no candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway. Excellent! Then the direction is not a complete success, but it does not stay often too often. No, if you have conservative tendencies, you probably will not like this movie. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terrorism", it is quite a good performance. Therefore, try to see it, because you will support those filmmakers who choose films away from these old "study" formulas.
