This weekend, July 4, we will be happy to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave their collective hand to King George III, this movie exposes in a funny fashion pathetic war speculation due to the current crops of capitalist creepers who intend to privatize the government primitively, including the privatization of the war itself. <br /> <br /> The cast in this satire is absolutely shining. John Cusack is wonderful as a snappy, conflicted corporate killer, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is wonderful as his love. (My God, "George Costanza" was right, Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister Joan Cusack who's really stealing the movie. Her image of an overbearing and at the same time sikofantyczny personal assistant is priceless and often I could not stop laughing at the splendor of her performance. She not only has a fantastic comic time, but her face is as expressive as one would like for an actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short but very effective episode in the film as the head of the company that runs the war, the Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on the "throne" with the legs tied around the ankles, Ackroyd even looks like a clown who currently occupies one of our real power thrones. You will not have to think too much to recognize this person. A large part of the film has been filmed in Bulgaria, so we can see so much real military equipment. (You just know that the American army would never cooperate in this satirical disclosure of war speculation.) I especially liked the character of "Omar Sharif" played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In one of the scenes in which he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has several lines that can summarize our attitude to foreign policy towards foreign leaders, which we install - and uninstall - in effect. <br /> <br /> Naturally, this movie will not please everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the army, the collection and analysis of intelligence data, prisons and the system of corrections, public health and countless other government services is a good thing you can not find. this film. However, if you believe that destroying people and countries to add some corporations to the bottom line is an abomination, I think that in this film you will find much to appreciate. Nothing could have been more in keeping with the Independence Spirit that gathering deserved ridicule into corrupt powers is.
