The plot of this film may not be extraordinary, but what makes the movie really special is its characters (and of course the actors who play them!). I will not go into the details of the film, but I would certainly say that ?? This movie is not only for everyone! The movie is really witty and you have to be as clever as to get all the satire. If you are not alert for even a second, you probably end up missing one of the subtle points. The film is full of such seemingly banal, but witty things - such as announcements in the background in Turaqistan, ads on tankers (which I hardly noticed) and this is what makes the film hilarious throughout the text. br /> Returning to the actors, John Cusack very effectively played his multi-faceted role (what about the fact that he was also a co-writer and producer) and plays his character? Hauser, a killer with a heart ?? brilliantly. Cusack played a similar role in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic disposition in the movie is simply great. <br /> <br /> However, the actress who steals the entire show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest I was a little disappointed when I heard about the role he plays in the film. But after watching the film, disappointment gave way to great respect for her as an actress. Let's face it! The kid is growing, but yes, just like her talent! All the critics who shouted hoarsely that Hilary could not act silent for a moment. Hilary had to play a very complex character? hard outside, but sweet baby inside? and she did it fairly. He makes you laugh and she makes you cry? to shorten a long story (because I could forever be delighted with it) is VERY WONDERFUL! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack also did a good job. Particular hysteria Joan is noisy! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted in such a small role, and his performance seemed to be colorless. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. the right amount of twists and turns. I highly recommend this film to everyone (and even to Hilary Duff fans) !!! P.S. - I am really happy that the movie will soon be released from the limited edition and issue soon in other places !!!
