Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is the same as the title suggests: Corporations affect war. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the American government "give its message" to the leaders of Turaqistan. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a lonely man + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, pop star Yonica Babyyeah appears. When Yonica emerges as one of the most important people of Turaquistan (the son of the president), a thread arises in which the mercenary must watch over this star. The film begins with a lonely Cusack at the bar; no more than fifteen seconds later the movie catches you. Thanks to the entertaining and intriguing insight into terrorism and politics, the duration of the film blows. The film has much more action than I expected, with an occasional scene of war, well-directed fights and only sporadic murder scenes. Although the story is not too deep, its simplicity makes the film perfect for both ordinary people and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the last act of the film, the simplicity of all this turns very hostile and confused. I thought it was done very well, but others may disagree, and I understand why. Turning after a turn is what the end is about, and like in most movies, this is a real hit / miss situation. Regardless, the three authors of the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) did a fantastic job, creating a realistic and fun satire for today's situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does a great job of insuring film integrity; not reducing material to the most unnecessary movies (which I was afraid of). Seftel created the movie as perfectly as he could: he created a vibrant atmosphere that both explores austere reality and cartoony falsifications; - it contrasts them perfectly - and also makes the movie look like you're watching it. Seftel really engages you in the whole action and pays off completely. There are no errors here. Hopefully, he will take more director positions because he is one of the directors to pay attention to.
