Deanna Durbin, at the age of 14, and a contract with MGM, just made a short feature film in 1936, which joined her with Judy Garland, a younger year, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer decided he did not need two young vocalists, he bet on Garland and let Durbin leave. Universal immediately signed Durbin, dumped her to Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to increase her role. He bills the last, but with the typographic equivalent of neon signs around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be a brigand and they were right. Three smart girls are less musical comedies, and a more screwdriver, and Durbin, 15 years old, when the film was released, wears it with panache. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who divorced his mother, from the clutches of an elegant golden digger with a wild mother. They speak from Switzerland, where they live, to New York, where their father lives. They are planning not only to break up their father's wedding, but also to connect their father and mother, who after ten years still loves this guy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in her warm, juicy soprano? No. Are there any doubts that the girls will succeed ... after Kay and Joan find love and marriage material along the way? No, again. Many years later Durbin was quoted as saying that he can not play the little Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but she has little Miss Fixit in the Three Smart Girls, her first full-length feature film. Durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and, of course, natural. Her personality is so authentic that it makes the comedy - a mix of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed - simply endearing. <br /> <br /> Durbin wears a movie with ease. It's a lot of fun to watch her hold against such players as Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, a woman with her hooks in rich Penny's father, played by Charles Winninger, who also did not mind stealing the scenes. Alice Brady, who played Mother in My Man Godfrey, plays Mother Donna Lyons, who is even more of a gold seeker than her daughter. The last of the successful farceur is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who by confusing and funny confusion is confused with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three intelligent girls are doing well as a light and fun comedy about manners and confusion. Like Deanna Durbin as a new star who saved her bacon Universal with her big success.
