I'm surprised by posters commenting that Jane Powell made films of the same type as Deanna Durbin. Although they were both young sopranos whose film images were created by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While in TRZY SMART GIRLS, Durbin plays the impulsive "Little Miss Fixit," which after a few failures manages to reunite divorced parents in the "remake of the Three Spiritual Women, Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between her mother Jeanette MacDonald and new stepfather Jose Iturbi, when he refuses to accept him and strong defends her younger siblings to reject him. From the films of Durbin and Powell, which I saw, I would say that these different features permeate the early films of both talented young performers. <br /> <br /> Regarding Durban's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it completely winning and the most impressive. Although from her sporadic, penetrating and exaggerated verses of poems in some more energetic scenes it is clear that this is an early film for Deanna, observing a self-conscious, conscious and naturally energetic method in which she delivers her lines and performs generally, and subdued and delicate the way she designs major scenes, you would never guess that it was THE FIRST film role of a 14-year-old girl whose previous professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal learning. <br /> <br /> Given that this movie and Durbin itself were widely publicized at the time as "Universal's last chance," production must have been an impossibly stressful situation for a novice of all ages, but you never know about it from the ease and confidence that Durbin displays on the screen. Although he clearly develops his playing style and camera behavior (the same applies to the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries, such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin designs an unusual presence and warmth in the camera that is absolutely unique to her. and even here, in her first film, she manages to remain extremely nice despite the often rapid impulsiveness of her character, and although she is sometimes penetrating, she never designs her qualities and bows, it touches many children's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed her success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all the great singing stars, Durbin was more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durbin's pure sirreon is really a remarkable and glorious instrument, for me the most unusual thing was how it is able to display your songs without the slightest feeling or "grandnes" that touch the singing of adult opera singers, such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the movies from this period <br /> <br /> The film is also delightful, strongly influenced by screw comedy, supports Durbin in the cream -la-creme of top-class professionals such as Charles Winninger , Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. It is true that it is not "realistic", but why would anyone expect it? If you want: "realistic" rent GRAPES WRATH or TRIUMPH OF WILL. On the other hand, if you're looking for a real, sweet, fun and entertaining family comedy with a wonderful, charismatic and talented youthful "guide" and great support players, this movie will not let you down.
