"Twelve monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but at the same time wise and intelligent. Cleverly jumping between the future and the past, and the story he tells tells the story of a man named James Cole, a condemned man who is sent back to collect information about an artificial virus that destroyed 5 billion human populations on a planet in 1996. At first, Cole is sent back to 1990 by accident and is unfortunately taken to a psychiatric institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, who tries to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, crazy son of a famous scientist . The film is provocative and somehow sensible, it cope with reason and madness, but it is a masterpiece in the history of science-fiction movies. <br /> <br /> The story is fantastic. It is so original and funny. The screenplay written by David and Janet Peoples was inspired by the film "La Jetée" (1962), which I have not seen, but I must thank the director and author of the film, Chris Marker, for the inspiration of the writers of "Twelve Monkeys". I read a little about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration into a modernized story that tells of the urgent need for people to find a solution to maintain human existence and does so in such a beautiful and realistic way that it is a guaranteed thrill ride from beginning to end. The music used in the film is weird and somehow so funny and fun that it does not really fit until you really get it, and when you do, you realize it's so fascinating, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python, as the director of the film, was a real surprise for me because I never really thought of him as a director. I know he directed films before, but I really could not believe he could do something so great. This should not be a surprise, because it does an amazing job. You can still feel the same strangeness as in Python, but for me, directing is almost flawless, though in a strange way of describing things, it also causes some scenes to be strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, weird, weird and disturbing, so it also makes the movie a bit heavy, so weak viewers will probably have a hard time watching the movie. It is not as heavy as you can imagine, but it has only those things that are sometimes quite strict to watch for themselves. Despite this, the film contains this pure intelligence and thanks to retrospection, dreams, leaps between the past and the future mixes the whole story in a very clever way and does not even make the story chaotic in any part, in the end requires concentration from the viewer. <br /> <br /> What's up with acting, well, the movie does not go bad. The role of James Cole is played by the powerful Bruce Willis, who probably performed his best performance so far. Now people can disagree with me because he did a great job, for example in the Sixth Sense, but for me the role of James Cole was so perfect for Willis and he does it extremely well. The character is also very well written, but even better. Cole begins to question his own existence and deals with himself, beginning to question his real life time, trying to survive and find the key missing piece of the puzzle. He begins to lose faith with difficulty, asking if he can even trust himself. Other performances worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, psychiatrist James Cole, who sees something strange in Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. Somehow, he begins to believe in Cole's story, but as a believer in science, he tries to find solutions and tries to cope with reason when it comes to unbelievable things. Brad Pitt is as good as Jeffrey Goines and also performs one of his best performances so far. The crazy but hilarious personality of the character brought Pitt even an Oscar nomination, so I do not think I honestly praise a great performance for nothing. great science-fiction experience and will definitely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science-fiction fans. It includes great characters and great roles, especially Willis and Pitt, and an original and fun story that creates an intriguing and intelligent storyline. Although it is already mentioned strange and disturbing, it definitely captures the viewer's attention, making him interesting and witty. It's also an explosive thriller and it's also an affair, so it's all in the same package, making it one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen. Through the strange but amazing vision of Terry Gilliam, he manages to keep his balance despite a somewhat bumpy, but somehow stable ride. It is difficult to explain it really, but it is so, it is crazy.
