The story of this film is really amazing. The virus broke free and survived only 1% of humanity. The only thing we know now is that animals rule the earth above and there are posters everywhere that say, "Twelve monkeys did it." Yes, the human race had to hide underground from a disease that killed over 500 billion people. Apparently, animals do not shrink this disease. From day to day, the current researcher is trying to find out what kind of illness he caused; how it was created; if nature has done it or an ordinary human being created it. They only know that a group of animals is running around the city, death began in 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says). So the current condemned James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to take samples from above. After doing your "volunteering", she is asked to send it back in time to 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of the Twelve Monkeys. <br /> <br /> In the whole history of the time machine several times badly dating, from 1990. Until some time in the 50s. (In the middle of a war.) Throughout the journey back and forth, it starts to embarrass James and that distorts history. The whole story is very well done and I would give it a higher grade if it were not for the end. Personally, I did not like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I was just expecting more explanation and then what happened, but not everyone thinks that way. So I gave him 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I would give him 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> As for the whole game, I give him A +. Bruce Willis is great in this role and works well, but Brad Pitt is 100% perfect. His acting is so great that he falls into character so well. I never really cared for Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. In this movie there are characters and the like, he's a little more ... crazy in this movie. So generally, I think this movie is totally worth checking. For most people, it's a great science fiction movie, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
