I usually try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as I can, because it's not a genre that I really like. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, traveling in time ... most of the time is nothing to me. However, there is one movie in the genre that I will always put on my list of the best films and this is "Twelve Monkeys". I remember being completely amazed for the first time, but even now, after I've seen it several times, I'm still one of his greatest fans. Every time I see it, this movie seems better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all humans live underground because an unknown and deadly virus destroyed five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and who is chosen as a "volunteer" who is to be sent back in time to collect information about the origin of the outbreak. They believe he has spread through a mysterious group called "Twelve Apes" and he needs a virus before it mutates so that scientists can investigate it. But their time-traveling machine does not work perfectly yet and is accidentally sent to 1990, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist and Jeffrey Goines, the mad son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> What I like so much about this movie is that you never know if everything you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it true? Does it really come from the future and can it really travel in time? Has the population been destroyed by a virus released by the army of Twelve Monkeys? These are the questions that will make you wonder from the beginning to the end. If the creators of this movie decided to make it more obvious, I'm sure I would never like it as much as now. It's just the mystery that interests me every time. But that's not the only good thing in this movie. Acting is amazing too. Normally, I'm not a big fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in the movie was just amazing. Along with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he should have won a few awards for this because, together with the amazing story, he made the film work very well. <br /> <br /> Even after a few shows, I'm still a big fan of this movie. With the exception of this movie, I only saw one other Terry Gilliam movie, which is "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but it also did not convince me. However, this movie really makes me wait for his other work. I give it 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
