Terry Gilliam and David Peoples joined forces to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction movies of the 90s. People have proven the scenario with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I especially like the idea that you can not change the past; is a nice counterpoint for many time travel videos that speak differently? biological holocaust and a thin line between mental health and madness. Gilliam visualized his ideas with extraordinary idiosyncrasies, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is captivating: one man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in the heart-warming spectacle), travels through the past for decades to get information about the virus that destroyed humanity and left only alive some survivors living underground: thanks to the collected information, scientists hope to find a medicine that will help everyone return to the surface in the future. But because their time travel technology is not perfect, it is sent to various other pasts and complicates matters. This results in a brilliant science fiction thriller with noir film shades, as many pieces of the huge puzzle begin to match, creating a bizarre narrative involving animal rights activists, the end of Millennium paranoia, biological weapons, reality perception and the definition of common sense. With such a complex film, Gilliam and Peoples easily created a mess, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a provocative narrative that will please those who like to be challenged and have the patience to appreciate crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie about 10 years ago. It meant a lot to me: I remember that I was still thinking about many days after; for my young mind it seemed quite amazing and it was one of the first films that made me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I have watched the movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered it. Is Brad Pitt still stealing all the scenes he plays in by playing Jeffrey Goines? almost a prelude to his character Tyler Durden in Fight Club ?? a rich kid with some anarchist / nonconformist ideas who is also crazy and, according to Cole, perhaps responsible for the virus. Scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the madhouse are the best in the movie, Pitt eyes, voice and bizarre manners convince you that he is a really crazy guy locked in a distorted logic that only he understands. The nomination of Oscar to Oscar was well-deserved! Bruce Willis's performance was also surprising: I did not remember him very well, but he is beautiful and full of sensitivity; a man who has spent almost his entire life underground, and when it comes to the past, you will share his childish fascination with something as simple as breathing the fresh air of the morning or watching the sun. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, Peoples' tried to saturate some darkness in him, and he does other disturbing things for other people and for himself: the scene in which he removes his own teeth reveals how far his dementia has disappeared. Ironically, Cole did not start as a crazy hero, but when he begins to warn everyone about the end of the world, he thinks he is crazy and convinced that it's all in his head, until he reaches the point where he can not distinguish the past from the future, reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking for confusion and uncertainty, and works great. One of the funny twists is that Cole's psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, finds undeniable evidence that he really comes from the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. The screenplay is full of strange twists and keeps the movie going fast. Their relationship is also good, although maybe a bit squeezed due to time. But I liked watching lovers Cole and Railly and trying to escape the authority of the future to live in peace in the past. But then everything ends with a tragic / bittersweet climax at the airport, connecting all the pieces together, which will dissolve many minds. <br /> <br /> There are two great endings in this movie, a phrase in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club and a more intimate ending, in which Railly is huddling past Cole, who has just been shot and looking for younger James Cole who is a witness to his own death; they both have a short look and she smiles at him. The phrase is brilliant, but I prefer to end it with emotional influence. Madeleine Stowe plays very well in Dr. Railly, she drew a lot of different emotions in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the thought that the past can not be changed: this film shows it in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in the sense that Jake Gittes mixes everything the more he tries to help. Railly's character shares this fatalism, the more he tries to help Cole? first dealing with his "madness" and then helping him in his mission? the more they are drawn into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> However, the surprise ends in hope, with the feeling that Cole's mission was not in vain. Twelve monkeys are a great movie to watch if you want to have fun; this is not meant to be art, although there are more artists than many artistic films. This is an unpretentious film in which all the elements, from music, through edition, to costumes, etc., beautifully harmonize with each other, creating a modern masterpiece of cinema.
