Stories about the possibility of post-apocalyptic future have existed for centuries, from the very beginning of science fiction as a genre per se. The fact that today's society is responsible for what may become the future in the nearest tomorrow, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is in front of our eyes is at the heart of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is naturally natural for this kind of film. It gives the film a decadent atmosphere, showing that society is ripped off by its own excesses and evokes a sense of inevitable tragedy, despite the moments of comedy. His world, the world in which twelve appear, is a place where crazy people go crazy, where cities collapse in filth and neglect, where everything smells with a hunch despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness appears on every corner. It is a very dark film, but its best, most linear (despite the twists and turns that are under control), and one that gets better with repeated reviews. <br /> <br /> The tragic event in which the deadly In 1996, the virus was released to humanity and led to the extermination of Life on the Planet as we know it. This leads scientists in the future to try to fix the fate of humanity on Earth by employing renegades - Earth scum - as experimental rabbits to go back in time, among them one James Cole (underestimated by Bruce Willis). Cole can be any person. We know nothing about him, but in a sense it does not matter, because he is little more than one of many unnecessary volunteers, and the hints of his characters sneak in later when he is approaching his mission. We only know that he is a man who dreams and his dreams could be a reality: maybe he was already at the scene in 1996. <br /> <br /> This is a constant sense of deja vu that still appears throughout the movie . When by mistake taken to the mental ward in 1990, he meets Jeffrey Goines (spastically played by Brad Pitt, Oscar-nominated here), who spits out feverishly about the destruction and destruction, and then Cole believes he saw Goines in his recurrent dream as a man, he pushed the boy away while running ... what? He does not know. Later, she meets psychologist Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first reactions to him is that she is crazy and that she has seen him before. It becomes a constant concept throughout its participation in this story from a passive / resilient to active and even somewhat crazy believer that Something Terrible is coming, especially when he meets him six years later: she has seen Cole before. At the same time Cole continues to talk about dreams in which she still has a part, as a blonde running in the aisle, screaming for help, after firing shots and a special redheaded man in a pony (Jeffrey Goines?). He apparently escaped, not from pushing a small boy who he is an innocent observer. Questions arise: have these events taken place? Will it happen? Who is really part of it or is it even better - are everyone, even the smallest players, part of a larger plot? Or is it a trick in the fabric of time, in which Time itself is one big conveyor showing the repetition of fragments of events that are moving over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterly order that includes the key scenes of the masterpiece of Alfred Hitchcock VERTIGO, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns his short existence ("You did not notice", as Cole and Railly watch with places in the cinema where they are hiding). Fragments of dialogue from VERTIGO form a film for dialogue between Railly and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up from apparently taking a nap in the theater and looking for Railly, he faces her in disguise (looking almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST), when the swelling result of Bernard Herrmann emerges from the appearance of Judy Barton, disguised as Madeleine Elster. This is a fascinating sequence, more because of the most improbable occurrence of actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who makes a blond wig and gray coat and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while helping "a man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective who is trying to help Madeleine Elster, who later appears more than once, but twice, first as brunette Judy Barton and later as Madeleine. Action and reactivation, play and play again.
