I was kidding, I hired 12 Monkeys one day, because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis and I heard a few things about the movie. Some good and bad, but it was one of those movies that needed attention every second, so I was a little worried. Just because for a moment I had the impression that it would be one of those movies that I had to watch several times to get it. But I watched it yesterday evening and I was really impressed, this movie had everything in it: action, drama, science fiction, history, dark humor and even a little romance. All the actors have done a great job, I give much credit to Bruce, during his stage in the car with his psychiatrist, he really got to me. But Brad Pitt, I'm amazed at how much work he did. He did not make his character who was crazy and simply made her act and was extremely credible. The story was simply terrifying, but very good and awakening. <br /> <br /> James Cole is in the future a man in which the virus erupted in the past and killed 5 billion people, and only 1% of the population survived with him. Nowadays, animals rule the earth while people are downstairs, but scientists send James up to 1990 (he really aims to send him to '96) to find out about the information about the virus. James is placed in a psychiatric facility where he meets a new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, of course, nobody believes him, he returns to the future. But the scientists send him back to the correct year, where the doctor is kidnapped by James, but he tells her more and believes him. Now they are trying to prevent the virus from ever happening. <br /> <br /> 12 monkeys was an amazing movie. As I said, the story was so terrifying just because it is not hard to believe that we are not far from what is happening. But the whole movie was just great, cast, sets, the whole picture was great. He was a Terminator type, in which we could lose something valuable one day, if we do not listen to others. What is good and what is bad? Who knows? But I highly recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a great movie, which, if you give it the right chance, you'll love it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
