An intriguingly brave movie weaves a seemingly effortless camera with a great casting and explosive soundtrack to sketch out the devastating effects of crime and corruption in the underground world of Santiago on two naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> The debutant Daniella Rios is a seductive dancer erotic Gracia, working in a night club belonging to the face of the new mini-wave in the Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. An older brother, carefully played by Nestor Cantillan, is easily convinced to become the main supporter of Trejo, after spending the night in a strip club to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of his younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the opening shot of the opening scene, the film explodes with the neo-noir exploration of everything that the outside world usually does not expect to see in this country, so stereotypically conservative and Catholic. <br /> <br /> Gracia's seduction charms attract three men like bees to honey, although a round description of the three-way romantic romance revolves around a linear presentation of major international drug deals between Trejo's people and 'Gringo', Eduardo Barril. Relationships of power become an important topic, because outsiders merge into a mini-family. The prostitute has an exotic spell on all Chilean men in the film, emerging from her ambiguous position on the periphery of society, and is seen as the key to the future of all three men. Relations between Trejo and Cantillana become important because the boys' parents are distrustful of their absence (it is assumed that they still live in Temuco). That's why Trejo, el padrino, "adopts" Cantillana and "makes him" a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes a desperate outsider, because his dependence on the "father figure", Cantillana, becomes more and more tense with jealousy for beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains imprisoned by the compulsion to stay in school - she depends on Cantillana, who is dependent on Trejo, for the money that will survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the thumb "Gringo", and its wealth has been accumulated thanks to drug deals and strip clubs. Gracia's figure acts like a time bomb perceived as a beautiful firework, wraps the web of beauty inside the patriarchate, but the tension can only lead to one climax. <br /> <br /> As tension in these power relations, Gracia remains ambiguous. The viewer is never sure of which male character he undertakes. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shootout that level out power relations and erases half of the major male protanganists. The last shot of Miranda's defeated face rushing down the Panamericano highway is desperately powerful. The boy was dragged by the lure of the underground city, but he lost his only visible family and his woman, who is his only friend in the film. There is nothing. Superior metaphors are bold and bold. It's a gangster movie in Chile. Family concepts, lack of sex before marriage, etc. They are abolished, and the harsh realities of the other side of the Santiago coin are visible in all their wild glory. Treios beats Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda love each other in the cinema room - fucking has sex with a minor who he barely knows. "Gringos" are perceived as possessors of funds for this small Latin American nation, but not through copper mines, through the illegal way of drugs. <br /> <br /> Waissbluth's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underground, which raises so many social problems, perhaps more than the record-breaking Sexo Con Amor, in a neat, fluffy firecracker film that puts this movie firmly alongside Sexo Con Amora , Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental, as film evidence that Chile is well and truly artistically alive and copies in the post-transformation period of 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
