The director / writer Andrés Waissbluth worked for seven years to complete a two-hour film about the crime underground in Santiago, Chile. Perhaps this is one of the reasons why the resulting movie appears to be episodic and needs editing. OR, maybe it's a director's technique that shows a good sense of filming a noir. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio works for the education of Victor. On the seventeenth birthday of Victor Silvio he takes a virgin to the clubs, where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's stripteids / prostitutes. In a delicate scene Victor has to face his emerging impotence, while Silvio sets off to the club floor, impressing the "owners" with their potential for rent. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work for a "gang" as a bodyguard and earns money to support Victor's education. But Victor has eyes for one of the dancers in the club named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts calling her, leaving school, causing Silvio's angry disappointment. Gracia is a coverted gang club leader, Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is the boss of Silvio! Gracia is the glue that holds this story together because she is the mistress of Victor, Silvio and Fr. Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre trois maniac have deadly consequences. Thanks to the way of telling stories again through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we develop to understand the gaps and cracks in every form that allow the fall that causes it. <br /> <br /> Sounds like Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well, it is and is shot in a brutally colorful, dark way that contains many nudity (both women and men) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives the film, playing with a debut in a virginal psyche against hardcore hardcore sex appeal. The cast is quite strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia. There are enough twists and repetitions of incidents you think you understood the first watch, but the change had a dramatic effect when it was spoken with the eyes of a different character. Bordering on two hours, a sensible edition would help influence the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who like the noir film style and the art of South American cinema. Grady Harp
