I have not seen this movie for 35 years, so when I last noticed that for the first time in a long time it will be on TV (cable) (it is not available on video), I made sure that I did not miss it. And unlike many other movies that seem to lose their brightness when they're finally re-viewed, I've found that the images from the "Duma Marines" were as vivid and effective as I remembered for the first time. What makes this movie so special? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his colleagues from the Marine machine gun at the Battle of the River Tenaru at Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains 95% faithful to the book on which it is based, "Al Schmid, Marine" by Roger Butterfield, changing just enough to meet the time constraints of the movie. This is not a typical "war movie" in which the action is central, and indeed the war scene is a short 10 minutes in the middle of the movie. But it is a memorable 10 minutes, shot in the lowest light, which can be described by the night battle and is devoid of fake heroics or falsehood, which usually plague the genre. In a way, out of his time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to convey to the audience the stern, ugly, brutal character of the battle and probably shocked by the audience when they were seen just after the war. This film does not concern the "glorification" of the war; I can not imagine anyone who would see this battle scene and WANT to enlist. Not immediately. <br /> <br /> What this film really is about is the consequences of the battle and how damaged people can learn to regain their lives. There is a great hospital scene where a dozen men are discussing this and I feel that this is another reason why the film was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. There is a sequence of "dreams" made in reverse order (negative film), which seems almost experimental, and the acting is also strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for this role, because his natural temperament and Schmid were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid, and even lived with him for a while to learn as much about the man and his role. Actors do not do it anymore, but adding it to the equation is another reason why the film manages to tell such a difficult, unattractive story.
