In the field of script-based films from some other area (or whatever title of this Oscar), "Holes" has credibility. I think it is better for the author to create a script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a script that will save their lives, let the author and someone fluent in the field of scriptwriting create it. In addition, this review applies to "Holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and the spoiler can be inside. (1) Louis Sachar is a great author and it turns out that he can write a script. I watched the movie, and then I read the book and they both did not get into inconsistency or stupidity. Some people have natural talents that can exceed the media. (2) The award for the best performance goes to Shia LaBeouf for his role as the protagonist. He "dug in" himself in the role. I wanted to see his character confirmed before the end. (3) Andrew Davis was introduced to slightly raise the tension. He was the man who made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast. It can also make Steven Seagal break his head. As for the film, he made the neck and the rest of the boys dig holes. In other words, it can create a "action-packed" movie and make it good, even if "action" is not the main genre is not "action." (4) My second favorite show is Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes a silly role brings out the best in the performer. When Voight uttered the line "Once upon a time ..." I had to laugh for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and should explore several other roles that will allow him to use this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very reliable when he receives a solid script. This is probably the second best role I've ever seen (second after "Oh brother, where are you?"). (6) I love the choice of movie settings. I did not know that California is so dry or barren. I believe that figures for population and land area can be misleading. (7) The general appearance of the film prompted me to another bottle of water. You can only imagine digging a hole in this barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast should also deserve Kudos. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the account were used because of their talents and they were getting lost. Great cast, even though it was close to everywhere. (9) I like a movie that does not explain anything right away. When Stanley got these baseball caps in the head, I wanted to see how weird things could happen and that's the key ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) must do some such mature videos for minors. It was tasty for me and the student. The last mature, youthful Disney movie that I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes", and "Holes" probably surpasses it (similar to the 2000 election, it is still close). Disney can do great if he decides to develop this genre and he will remember the artistry of milking a ready cow when they see her. Ten reasons give you ten points! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year (the film awarded may not be Oscar material, but whoever said Oscar's material is the best material?). When it comes to being a movie from the book I read, it's behind the "Fight Club" on my list (which is at the top). For the film I saw in 2003, he is in the top five (somewhere behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to Harry Potter, Stanley Yelnats easily moves the shovel onto Harry's head and brings the final lethal blow to the smelly sneaker to Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie because it both informs and entertains. My rant ends here!
