And I'm serious! Really one of the most fantastic movies I've ever had the pleasure to watch. It is great that a very good book turns into a movie that is not only good, but as much as possible better than the novel on which it was based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it is really a rare phenomenon. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the very beginning helped the masses, so that the film adheres to history, but takes it further. This film has many elements that make it to: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actors. Both adults and children, these actors know how to revive history and convey their lines with enthusiasm and style, not exaggerating, as sometimes happens in the case of children's films. 3. Breathtaking scenery. And it does not matter if it's real or CGI, the setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially like the picture of openings from a bird's eye view. 4. A talented director who breathes life into a book and turns it into a technicolor genius. Transitions in time work well and will capture the permanent climax of the book, leading to twists and turns throughout the movie. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who told me to read the book from the beginning to the end, so I could not put it down. He makes sure the script sticks to the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And speaking about the script! One-liners in this are intelligent, fun and non-staging. But there are also parts that make you smile, cry and tug at your heart to love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. In this movie there is no song I have not fallen for, and this is something, considering that I should be a punk rocker. The songs combine well with the story and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you intend to buy a movie, I recommend buying a soundtrack, especially in the case of If Only, which focuses on history and includes a choir from the book. <br /> <br /> I do not work for the people who created Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, connecting my favorite movie and giving it the opinion it deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. This moment. Go!
