Holes are a tale about the past and the way it affects the current lives of at least three people. One of them will be called, the other two are secrets and will remain so. Hole is the story of Stanley Yelnats IV. He has bad luck in life. Unfortunately, in fact, the fate of the majority of people from Yelnats and the exploits of the "un-dirty-rotten-rotten-prapradziadka" Stanley IV. These particular exploits cursed people from the family for many unfortunate twists and turns. It is in such a moment that we meet Stanley IV. He was accused, falsely, of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, freshly donated to a homeless shelter auction, by a famous footballer. He gets a prison option or he can go to a character building camp. "I've never been in a camp before," says Stanley. The judge enthusiastically sends him to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place, with a strange philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, make him digging a hole every day with the hot sun will turn him into a good boy. This little pearl of wisdom we learn from Sir (John Voight), one of the "advisers" of the camp. Immediately, we get the impression that he is a dangerous man. Honestly, he has his attitude; he does not think he is nice. The camp advisor, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson), is a different matter. He acts as a caring, sensitive adviser, but quickly, faster than anyone else, he has the power to free the most cruel verbal opponents. The guard has a decisive ability to be mean, but is also a mystery. These three rules of the Green Lake camp, a place that does not have a lake. It's just a dry, dusty desert filled with holes, five feet deep and five feet wide. His local fauna seems to be only vultures and dangerous poisonous yellow lizards. Green Lake seems to be a haunted place in many respects. <br /> <br /> The holes work despite a weird environment and a strange story because they understand people. Especially because he is honest in the way he deals with Camp Green Lake prisoners. The film reflects the way the boys work together perfectly. He recognizes the way boys can abuse each other, the way they can get admiration, the way they fight with each other, and the way the boys allied along the line of age. It is this nuance core that makes everything in the film credible. The film about the good nature of its main character is also refreshing. She does not believe in the family curse, she is not bitter about the infamous feats of his "un-dirty-rotten-spoiled pig-great grandfather." In fact, he loves to listen to this story. Stanley IV has no bitter past and decided he would not affect him in the way he influenced his father and grandfather. Sometimes there is a lot of sadness in the film, but there is not too much crazy foolishness in it. And it's refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is an intelligent, insightful and witty family movie. He entertains, not in a cheap way. This is not a comedy, though it laughs. It dares to be persuasive, in which many family films have a tendency to play in a safe and conventional manner. As such, it goes beyond family types of movies and just becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give it to 10.
