Gruveyman2 (comment below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance through the city you are giving yourself. It is this tearful arrogance that you ironically claim that the film emanates about SF, which makes you look like a typical hole in LA A **! The only reason you felt that the movie is so congratulatory is because you're jealous. Of course you do not know about it, because you're so tired of LA. Above all, the film was completely factual about the beautiful city; what has been filmed there and what has been filmed by some of its more famous locals. He does not say anything bad about LA; these excellent directors decide to live in a beautiful city on LA. They acknowledge that they went to film school in LA and are obviously proud of it. Recognize that SF is close to LA, which is an advantage. The only negative thing that was said to concern LA was the management of the studio. The same studio directors who hated these films when they saw them for the first time, but then the same films became huge, global films. Why, then, would they not have aversion to leadership and study in the studio? They are the only people who try to "disconnect" and for good reason! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is a "so-called" director from San Francisco? How can you not be careful? Who directed The Godfather? Coppola did it. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won the prize for the best picture. So who gave him this job? He admits this in a documentary that he did not even want to make a movie ... so what do you mean? And what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And that shows how? And tell me how they are not really independent when they finance a lot of their own movies. Movies that are currently considered classics. And when they were making films from study funds, one of them was LA who came to them and said we wanted you to take these photos and two, use the money they made to take these photos to finance their own. They said it exactly in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your whimsical and complacent whining would take greater self-respect and faith into the air if you never set foot on the ground for which you claim to be better than this movie. "<br /> <br /> How the hell can" bitchy-ness "and" self-congratulation "suddenly have" air "of respect for themselves and faith ... if they never go to LA again? What a stupid and senseless commentary! You put a few big words there ... and you just do not know how to use them! By the way, they never claimed or suggested that they were better than LA! So what if they're giving a Los Angeles guy a New York reward ... again, what the hell is your purpose? So if they go to LA or New York, are they hypocrites, preferring to live in SF? You do not make sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of himself and his heritage and the people who make him what he is today. This film focused only on one aspect ... filming. To spare some time and write such nasty comments about the city (not the movie, but the city and its people) only proves what the people of Los Angeles in North California hate us! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTATION ... VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE WITH THE AREA OF APPROVAL ... BUT I RECOMMEND THIS EVERYONE.
