The trick of creating a good, solid story about mysteries is just as much a matter of timing as about fictional ideas, colorful characters or surprising twists and turns. Anyone who has ever worked with frustration at the endless Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle that lasts too long ceases to be fun. The best murder mysteries, whether in a film or in print, are small things that reach things, describe their tips, set suspects in the ranks, and hopefully, they will fill us with a few surprises; complicated without excessive fuss. And they play honestly; on the second, third and fourth look at the clues and red herring we should be equally pleased with the admiration of how well it all happens, as we were surprised in the first place. Indeed, good thrillers should be better in repeated reviews because we anticipate double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's comedy / singer DEATHTRAP, derived from Broadway hit by Ira Levin, is a great example. He moves in an orderly clip, skillfully juggling his directions, being (almost) completely honest with us (even when he lies to us), and at the same time never revealing where he is going (even when he tells us where he can go). It is a less-murdered murderer in a traditional vane than a film about the mysteries of murder, stemming from the art of dramaturgy. Instead of going back - murder, then an investigation to explain why everything happened - DEATH step by step guides us through the crime (s), leaving enough room for unexpected; as ads advise, this is a less "detective story" than "who". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared (unfavorably, quite strangely) with the version of the game and the SLEUTH movie, although in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM, an auto-ironic essay about movies from the teeny horror. Like this clever movie, the DEATHTRAP (thriller) label defines its parameters ("one set, five-character moneymaker"), and then deconstructs its genre, revealing itself as "the most bizarre and unreasonable set of circumstances sufficiently amusing to convince the audience to suspend disbelief. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a secret with only five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones as a careful lawyer is mainly on display (and to provide us with a taste for folk charm), and Irene Worth is a quirk and comic relief as a psychic-sperm who acts as a nominal detective. This makes the three main characters a killer and / or victim (victims): This is a testimony to the skills of Michael Caine, who as Sidney Bruhl, the author of happiness and mystery, creates a character that we like and trust in nature, even if we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. As his adoring, though somewhat pathetic wife, Myra, Dyan Canon flirts with being over the top, giving a roller coaster ride with a character who in turn appears to be frail or overbearing, cunning or hysterical, shy or bold and uncompromisingly in love with less than reciprocating Sidney. The third corner of this unexpected triangle is the fledgling playwright Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we will never understand who his character is: an enthusiastic, inexperienced writer, half-innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath. Because different characters dance around each other, cleverly secretive script adapted by Jay Sandton's ace scribe, Allen manages to consistently play, even if he builds tension. And even after the last turn (improvement compared to the final of the game), it may not be quite clear who manipulated who does what. <br /> <br /> Lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so he allows his talented cast to freely rule the characters and all give a sharp, theatrical yet subtle work, and Reeve is particularly remarkable. But what Lumet does so well is skillful work in tight spaces. Just as he played wonderfully in ANGRY MEN, he performs one play, and with a minimum opening he manages to make what could be tight, stagy and stagnation seem infinitely photogenic and spacious. The setting, a farmhouse converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but according to the design of Tony Walton it is cozy and charming, and also terrible and treacherous. It is really difficult to say where the studio set and the real farmhouse cross the boundaries, which to some extent become the sixth figure. And as a crime scene it is really an inviting trap to death.
