After having seen the short print from David Shepard, I finally managed to get a full - or closer - complete version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version more widespread. Shepard print for Image Entertainment is certainly of the highest quality, and the best parts are there, but it is nevertheless good to see the rest of the movie and fill the loose end of the story. <br /> <br /> In the print of Shepard, the film ends with Mary's statement: "You see, I've changed my mind - I will never go home." However, in the full version of Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship soon after this scene? Mary is coming back to Poland? and Driscoll revives his relationship with Vivian. This additional material develops the character Vivian, which had little meaning in the Shepard version. What's more, in the full version the film begins in the countryside of New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her perfect lover. She is disappointed with the reality of the progress of the farm of the "sick boy" Johnny Applebloom (a character completely absent from the Shepard version), but after her affair with Driscoll she returns to the country to probably become a farmer's wife. /> <br /> Regardless of the print, "A Girl's Folly" is a good movie for 1917, made by one of the leading directors Maurice Tourneur from 1910. Tourneur takes his own interest in this, including the caricature of himself - the director of the movie in the film. Both of them also perform qualitative performances of early acting standards: Robert Warwick, the actor playing the star chasing the skirt and Doris Kenyon, as a beginner aspirant to play on the screen. <br /> <br /> Films with autoreference that made filming the main subject of films were nothing new. Mack Sennett has already parodied this type of film three years earlier with "Mabel's Dramatic Career". However, several aspects of this one stand out. Frances Marion's lyrics are humorous, including illustrations of actors on the chessboard with their hand steering them - noteworthy in 1917. I especially liked the final titles of the films, in which two observers noticed a happy ending of the film: "Oh, sir, but is not it? Romantick! "And other answers:" Romance, nuthin! ?? These are moving pictures! "Another screenwriter Anita Loos made a similar, autothematic conclusion to another 1917 movie," Wild and Woolly. " Both writers helped change the role of their professions in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some photographs by Tourney and John van den Broek are good, especially when it comes to the film business. The use of mirrors in several scenes is a nice strengthening of the self-reflection of the film. In addition, the edition is unique. Fast intersection during scenes in the studio is particularly important; It serves to highlight the hectic pace of filmmakers' work, especially then.
