Riff Randell is an insanely crazy fan of the rock group; The Ramones and most of the students at school. But the new tyrant of the director, Mrs. Togar, thinks rock 'n' roll has a bad influence on students, especially the music from The Ramones. When Riff finds out that they are in town, he skips the class for a few days to get tickets for himself and friends. But when Mrs. Togar discovers why she really took these days, she confiscates the tickets. While this is happening, Tom Roberts is completely in love with Riffie, but Riff's friend, Kate Rambeau, feels the same with Tom. But Riff has his eyes only on vocalist Joe Ramone and I hope he will get to this concert to get them to play her song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, is it true that "Rock n Roll high School" does not go away from this main topic? noisy, daggy romp! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone participating in this elegant project looks like they have a great time, and its relaxing nature appears on the screen with the energy that provides such a glowing spirit, which makes it an invaluable experience. It does not mean that I think his art and story are as pointless as possible. But watching this passionate, crazy ride, which turns into some good, harmless madness, I just could not wipe the smile off my face. It's cheesy, very tacky, densely chaotic, but it's fucking funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low-budget b-grade feature from producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who was a co-writer (and co-directed several scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of the shooting). Essentially, it's a great tribute to making movies from the 1950s. By sticking to fruitful stereotypes and throwing the tag of teenage rebellion into the goulash because of the generational gap between them and adults (who always know best). These features may not be particularly fresh, but they gain from attractiveness thanks to dynamic, tasteful treatment. The film means only one thing: go out with a bang! And they manage to do it. Courtesy of "The Ramones" who play alone. Can you really say that this is one big trendy video clip because it's about Ramones? Well, most of them anyway. I see a lot of mistakes in Ramones' acting abilities. These are musicians, not actors, which means that it's not about their acting, but the music that we should dig. They are here to perform! Which deliver on this front with a few kicking pieces that moved the movie, creating a totally optimistic atmosphere. Especially their extravagant concert performances. The buzzing soundtrack also contained several deadly pieces of other artists, such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But those jumping paths fit well into a carefree mood, and even the result was quite good. Especially in the scenes with the participation of Mrs. Togar with the score grabbing the right mood that surrounds her mind. The playful mood of the film resembles a rollercoaster ride with such a dynamic pace between electrifying melodies and comic segments, from scattered slapstick routines to sometimes clever language dialogues. It is a good idea to choose light and heavy gags that I find very pleasant and give him a wider range to express himself. <br /> <br /> What else gave the film an extra boost must have been the divine PJ Soles (better known for his performance in Halloween), which gave such a great performance as peachy Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances include Dey Young, the unusually charming Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as a clumsy Tom Roberts and a messenger for Eaglebauer's man who is amazingly played by Clint Howard. Also, some of Corman's top regulars appear with great performances by Mary Woronov, who is excellent as demanding Mrs. Togar, who pushes her unjust ruling over students, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree, and the small role of Dick Millar's support at the end. Enthusiastic acting is quite camping, but it fits well with the material and there is a certain sympathy resulting from these characters, but we completely despise Mrs. Togar, and her room monitors brawls. <br /> <br /> There is no beating bush here, when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a stupeflower time of advice!
