A BRAIN WHO CAN NOT BE PLACED, was considered so distasteful in 1959, That before the release in 1962, several cuts and a three-year transition were required. the thing is both grim and bawdy, but it is also incredibly funny in a profoundly gloomy way. <br /> <br /> Of course, the story concerns a doctor who is a willing experimenter in transplanting limbs - and when his friend is killed in a car accident, he falls into her secret lab. With a few telephone wires, a few clamps and something that looks like a shallow pan, it brings it back to life. But is she grateful? Not hard. In fact, it looks like it has bounced very much, especially when it turns out that the doctor plans to attach her head to another body. <br /> <br /> It just so happens that the doctor is picky about this new body: he wants to build it with a view to speed and takes a cruise on troubled women on city sidewalks, haunting the ponds, visiting beautiful body contests and hunting for cheesecake models in search of equipment that will raise his eyebrow. But in the laboratory, the head has developed a chemically induced mental connection with another physician experiment, the one so repulsive that it is kept locked in a handy laboratory cupboard. Can they cooperate to get rid of the bitter and malicious laboratory help, get revenge on the doctor and save the woman whose body is missing? Possible! The leading Jason Evers plays the rogue doctor, as if he got a huge dose of a Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, an unhappy head, snickers and chuckles despite the fact that she has no lungs or even any vocal cords. Busty babes move to incredibly trashy music, the actors make the irrational changes of the characters from the line to the line, the dialogue is even more nonsensical than the plot, and you will need a calculator to add continuity to the fools. In general, THE BRAIN THAT WOULD NOT DIE is not as much fun as Ed Wood's. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually manages to keep all the movement in a pretty good video and looking at Today, the movie is easy to choose in scenes that influenced later directors who no doubt saw it when they were young and vulnerable to influence and they never understood it. The cuts made before the film was released have always been lost, but cuts to TV have been restored in the Alpha release, and the quality of film and sound is not particularly good, but it is equally well to remember that they probably were not all good to start with. <br /> <br /> Now it's one of those movies that, depending on your point of view, will turn out to be incredibly boring or wildly fun, so it's very difficult to give a Recommendation. But let me say this: if your preferences match Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you must do it now! Four stars for the same shabby bizarreness! GFT, an Amazon reviewer
