There are two film experiences that I will always cultivate. The first saw "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my younger brother. It's about a second to sneak up to Halloween in Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and almost frightened. Everyone knows this story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister in Halloween 1963. He escapes from a psychiatric hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to wreak havoc again. He sees Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy senior who likes to look after children and starts to follow her. Her partying friends on the other side of the street are killed, one by one, when Michael assigns his plot to get it. Ironically, the young boy he has for Halloween is afraid of "Boogeman" and sees him outside. During the madness of the murder, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works hard to find Michael before he releases his fury. There is no proof, no evidence, just a feeling that he must sell to the Sheriff (Charles Cyphers). As the plot develops, a tension-driven movie is created, not a cheap fear. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can have four men at the table playing cards and they do not know that there is a bomb and goes out. It is a cheap thrill. talk about what to do about it - then it will not end, then you have tension. "Director John Carpenter can handle this for Halloween. The audience will see his flashes outside, watching and persecuting their victims. Sapi. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses voltage instead of special effects that usually emphasize gore. This movie has little blood, but it still provides good horror. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob from the ground. He pulls out a knife that reflects off the moonlight and then drives it. Everything you hear is a loud bang, and the audience sees Bob's lifeless feet. Carpenter was the first to use the lookout point from the killer's scene. These are also the peaks of our audience. What will he do? What's happening in his mind? Finally, the unbelievably masterful result of Carpenter adds tension. What's more, writing on the screen in tandem with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the characters we care about. Teens are not "angry at the party," but they just go through the rebellious anxiety of teenage wastes. After all, in this low-budget thriller "B" there is some decent acting. Nick Castle, who plays "the Shape" (Michael), adds something to the mindless killer. It is cold, merciless and without pathology. What's more, personality does everything in the same way. He kills only when he is trapped or sets a trap. Separates the victims separately. It is also based on brute force. This mask (William Shatner whitened mask) gives the impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his deadly monologues, he appears as someone scared, desperate and determined. I wondered if he represented a waning attempt at modernism to explain evil. The crown jewel is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. Game character Laurie as someone scared, but also determined and strong who fights back. The end is one that has made me speechless. It was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that you can enjoy them many times. Halloween and other scary movies, however, do not have such an advantage. If we could erase our minds for the first time, when we see a movie in which we see it again as fresh and new, Halloween would be a movie that I would choose.
