As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's classic from 1978 is one of the first two films that I remember and which were heavily influenced (the other is the classic Conan the Barbarian). It really scared me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I finally made friends (an imaginary friend) to stop him from killing him in his sleep. This is horror for a 10-year-old. <br /> <br /> This is a classic of horror and I am sure that my humble review will not do it justice it deserves. The most surprising thing is that the movie still works, perhaps not in the throat response, but rather in cognitive abilities or immediate subconsciousness. All this can happen. It is not in the sphere of impossibility or is located in a foreign country (like most contemporary horrors, i.e. Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it's graphics, and the rest is reduced to our imagination. I believe that it is this element that makes people scared, or at least distrustful, go out at night outside, with a characteristic soundtrack still alive in the head. It still works, because we can substitute for implicit or tertiary killing something more terrifying that our mind can create. So we ourselves contribute to our own fears and anxiety. <br /> <br /> Carpenter picks out a simple story about the everyday, middle-class, suburban and relatively gentle child who throws himself at Halloween and kills his sister. Then he spends the next 15 years in an institution (which we are fortunate not to experience) just to escape and return to her hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. He kills and kills on the way. The child's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the alleged security of the middle-class suburbs. In the bastion of American security and security, chaos can still strike. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being a person when he killed. He is not a serial killer, a man or a psychopath. He is such an unstoppable force. General coveralls, bleached white Shatner mask and no dialogue other than a bit of breathing, help dehumilise and complete Michael's generation. This is the source of all his power. She is without a face, dumbfounded and does not stand out for anything other than the source of constant chaos. The cinematography (effect of the post card), lack of information / motivation / explanations and narrative experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis) help this. His extraordinary performance and anxiety sell "shape". It is also the first Jamie Lee Curtis movie performance as Laurie Strode, an innocent girl who scares chaos in the face of overwhelming opportunities (at least for a bit). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first movie of this new horror niche (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and it does not decrease after being reviewed. If you have not been afraid of horrors (like me) for a long time, it will probably make the hair in the back of your head blush on the first chords of the characteristic soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie as a necessary horror film and as one of the tops of John Carpenter's career.
