I must admit that this is one of my favorite horrors of all time. The unique way John Carpenter directed the painting, opening the door to many genres, will chill you to the bone, regardless of whether you're watching it for the first time or after fifty. The sound, menacing horror of Michael Meyers and Jamie Lee Curtis' infamous scream give the film instant cult status and a great start to an independent era. I love music, I love characters, familiar, but terrible surroundings, the simplified nature of the villain and random chaos of all this. In this first film, there is really no rhyme or reason to kill, which gives us a taste of the real nature of Michael. Is he crazy or in some way simply brilliant? This question may never be truly granted, but Carpenter gives us its 100% and more devotion to this amazing masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the master of horror. While his films recently were not as caliber as he once did (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween began his career as a career. This is his final movie. While he was releasing other titles, I will always remember this movie as a movie that made me light all the lights, I considered taking care of the kids and checked behind the closed doors because you never knew where the evil would appear. Carpenter has this amazing ability to introduce you to the world in which we are. Thanks to the power of his camera, he places these Meyer images in places you least expected, giving you the impression that the murderer was right next to you. I loved every scene in which we went back, and there was Michael, who watched from a distance, no one wiser. It was frightening, but quite brilliant. I loved the scenes where Carpenter frightened you with almost thin air. You would be there, taking care of your business, when suddenly this terrible mask appeared out of nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just a trick of the eye, but it is in this case that Carpenter catches you. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human being (or at least we think so), but he has a stronger mental ability than most of the main characters. This leads to really dark motifs and undiscovered symbolism, but even without it is a scary movie. <br /> <br /> Then, if you just did not have enough of Michael, he just evaporated in the windows of his house, Carpenter adds this chilling theme music. I still have a knock on my piano keys, still wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter found the perfect combination of visual horror and blood-chilling sounds to predict what could happen to our unsuspecting victims. It's deadly, and it's done with refreshing originality and more special emotions than anything that released today's Hollywood Horror. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what can be a difficult year of horror. Paris Hilton frightened you with real terror, you know that the quality is not the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplified character of the opening murder in this movie is frightening and chilling in your veins. The use of the clown mask caused shivers on my spine. The way he was filmed with this lengthened, one shot with the child's mask, as if it were our own eyes, is still one of the best horror stories ever! This completely sets the tone of the rest of the movie. You have a babysitter theme, you have the childish behavior that Michael brings with you throughout the movie, and you have Carpenter's artistic talent in one. I could literally speak for hours about this movie, but instead, I'd rather watch it again. It's worth repeating the visit many times! <br /> <br /> Generally, I think it is one of the most outstanding films in cinema history. Skip all foreign films that think they have a chance, and the faces of the films will remain tight for the carpenter and movie genre. This unique film redefined a whole generation of horror movies and still has an impact on modern horror films. A deadly combination of a truly terrible murderer, a powerful cinematography of events (which usually has nothing to do with horror movies), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is what makes Halloween a movie above the rest. Sure, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathy for Jason, but Michael is real, he's worried, and he's on a loose blood craving for caregivers. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Class: ***** with *****
