Halloween is not only the godfather of all movies, but the biggest horror story ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most classic, frightening and frightening movie of all time thanks to this classic genre. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this movie that he inspired many followers such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I forgot some of it, but it shows what effect this movie had on the entire genre of horror movies. The monster did not have to come from the tomb of King Tuta or from the laboratory of dr. Frankenstein. It could have been created in cozy small suburbs. And in The Night He Came Home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and viewers will never be the same. There are many aspects of this movie that make him the crowned gem of horror movies. The first is the setting ... takes place in a normal suburban area. Many of us who grew up in this area can easily identify with characters. This is the type of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if trouble starts to burn, no one wants to raise your finger to get involved (especially when a hard-breathing madman tries to pierce our young heroine.) With the setting, the movie takes place on Halloween !! The most terrible night of the year! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is trying to sculpt those boppers. In addition to the settings is also great acting. Jamie Lee Curtis does a hard work as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a student who never finds a date. However, Donald Pleasance, as Dr. Sam Loomis, really steals the show. His portrait of a good doctor who knows what kind of evil is behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels forced to send him once and for all to hell, is a legend of horror. However, the result of the synthesizer really drives this picture, because it seems that he almost drew the viewer into a movie. When you hear it, you will never forget it. I am also happy with the grainy appearance of this photo. Currently, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us all the possible details of the monster that we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never lets us get to know Michael Myers. He always seems to be part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes him so frightening. There are many scenes in which Michael is partially visible when he spies young teens (without their knowledge), which increases his horror. If you think about it, some wacko can watch you now, and you would not even know it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for us horror fans), when they find Michael, he is not looking for candy on this Halloween night. He's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers himself is a key element in the effectiveness of this film. His constant pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him seem like a killer who will never stop. He is a god who will haunt you for the rest of his life. So if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some of you who do not have it, and even if you have one), take some popcorn, turn off all the lights, put it in the old DVD and watch in fear. Trick or treat!
