Recently, I went through a stage where I wanted to see why horrors from the 90's can not keep the candle in the horrors of the '70s and' 80s. I was very public in this forum about the meanness of films like The Haunting and Urban Legend. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what a real horror is. And it bothered me until I went to my local video store and borrowed some of the classic horror movies. I already have all Friday Fridays, so I hired a Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, Exorcist, Angel of the Heart, Exorcist and Halloween. Now other films are themselves classics, but I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween is doing can be something that no other movie in the horror story can do, namely, uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and blood, and uses them to scare live daylight. I was alone in a room with turned off lights and as stupidly as I expected, I wanted to look behind me and see if there was Michael Myers there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done it for me. No movie. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low-budget movie and scared the generation of filmmakers. He showed that you do not need budgets in 8 or 9 figures to create fear in the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what is actually happening, but what is about to happen. What was the shadow? What's that noise upstairs? He knows that these are ways to scare someone, and he uses every element of the horror textbook that I think can be used. I even think that he invented some of his own ideas and these should be the ideas that people use today. But it's not like that. No one uses lighting and details to create fear, use special effects and blood rivers. And it is not the same. You can not be afraid of the huge special effect that makes loud noises and jumps out of the wall. These are moments when a murderer lurks somewhere, you just do not know where it scares you. And Halloween goes like no other movie in this venture. <br /> <br /> In 1963, young Micael Myers kills her sister with a large butcher knife, and then spends the next 15 years of her life, quietly locked in the institute. When Loomis (his doctor) says to Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then another seven, making sure he never got out, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e-vil. a maniacal and relentless idea of ​​an assassin who will not stop at anything to get what he wants. And all he wants to do is kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but it is (Halloween II continues this story pretty well) What Carpenter did here is treated as a haunting result, lying lighting techniques and he wrote and directed the tight a horror masterpiece. There is one scene that needs to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is on her way to picking up Paul. He goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then does she realize that she left the keys at home. He gets them, returns and accidentally opens the car door without using keys. The audience is raising it, but they are not doing it. She is too busy thinking about Paul. When he sits down, he notices that the windows are hazy. She is surprised and begins to wipe the fog, then hits Myers from the back seat. It's a great scene because it pays attention to details. We know what's going on, and Annie is not. But it is a perceptive remark that Carpenter did what frightened the viewers in 1978 and later. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses vague images of the killer standing in the background, has shadows sinisterly sliding on the wall, dark rooms, terrifying and haunting music, a sinister story told by Donald Pleasance and a dangerous, unyielding killer. My advice to filmmakers in our time is to study Halloween. It should be a blue print about what scary movies are. In the end, Carpenter followed Hitchcock, maybe the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything that scares us. If you're tired of all mindless horror movies that do not know the difference between evil and sharpness, Halloween is a movie that you should watch. That will not disappoint you. I like to be scared, I do not know why, but I do it. But nothing frightened me in the 90s, except maybe one movie (the final nightmare of Wes Craven). If you like frightened creatures, then Halloween should be seen. And if you've seen it hundreds of times, go and see it again, back to the movie, like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will attract you to all the pretty faces in the movie. Halloween will make you freeze with fear, you'll be stuck in your place, not wanting to move. Now tell me, what horror would you prefer to watch? <br /> <br /> And to see after the Zombie version, it makes you appreciate a lot more. This is by definition a classic. Zombie has suppressed his version, but it does not take away its radiance.
