Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experiences with 300 years last year. It was not a bad movie at all, certainly not an average one, but its plot and dialogue remained at best as conventional, and at worst - a confusing and one-dimensional (which, perhaps based on Frank Miller's comic, was the right decision). But its main advantages were derived from intense actions and bloody battles and the shock of a 14-year-old feeling of watching men fighting in a bloody sword fight, with an occasional bizarre creature or a super-hot woman who went with the painting environment. While I would probably go back to Fire and Ice before 300, they both evoke a similar feeling - this time the exception is of course Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless books and comic books, working with director Ralph Bakshi, in a typical Hollywood fare but something for die-hard fans. <br /> <br /> What does this mean for the audience who is coming back today to check the movie for the first time (maybe now they want to be longing for those who were young and watched it along with the VHS Masters of the Universe tapes in those days ) is a possible disadvantage mentioned earlier and maybe you will see something a bit special. Fire and Ice is not even the only rotoscopic function of Bakshi, but it's probably the most liquid - if not quite my favorite - of the few he did, and he and his team make up the whole striking world that is part of the prehistoric, part of this world fantastic, and partly medieval, and all taken by the painter's hand with reference to the background, sky and terrain. In this area of ​​character design, the Bakshi fans have a small flaw; Bakshi even went so far as to say that it was more like Frazett than he did. This may be true, but it does not make it more eye-catching or interesting at times when we do not see people killed or gutted in fast or slow motion (my favorite was a temporary skeleton guide - how they rotoscoped which astounds me I am neglecting to describe the plot, because I would defeat the goal of really recommending it. If you are already a staunch style and approach to animation, the story will matter depending on the threat level of two fighting factions or "damsel" or the princess or hero he has to prove himself or yada yada, so all you have to do is say: Fire against Ice, with characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest man with many and the most comic) and Teegra (a typical hottie who is almost * perfect for an adolescent male figure) What makes the story, as an asset, allows a series of breakwaters and strained wok elements wit action, progress in the coming dangers of a great battle, as when they hunt for Teegrą ogres and need to fight the sudden crazy monsters and creatures pop out of the trunks of trees and lakes. And as usual for Bakshi, he conjures up some madness (if not quite his usual madness) among this simple fantasy material. If you have seen the Wizards, you will understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animation lover, find it right away for some "old school" (in the 1980s) and an amazing design. For all others it is ... good, not great, as I would say without guilt when it comes to the logical extension of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
