This delighted the audience at many film festivals and it is not difficult to understand why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of the very nice work of the three main actors, Xu Zhu as father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as older son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as an unruly and sympathetic younger son Er Ming tells a story that will warm the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a man showering in an automated cabin in the middle of Beijing. He puts the money in the nest, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on the conveyor belt to be cleaned, enters the shower and is cleaned with brushes and gushing water and soap as if he was a car in a car wash. This is the future symbolically speaking, and the old bathhouse, which we will see in the next scene, is the past. Agrarian China gives way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural revolution? Blues of industrialization? No way. We have a festival of people here and their kindness and love for each other, a feast of goodness in the hearts of people. I wonder, however, how the Chinese government views this film. On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its residents. It is severely non-political without criticizing the current or implied regime. However, there is the slightest feeling that the old good ways will be replaced by something that may not be as good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to let it happen. Tell a story about old people in the bathhouse, where they return to massage and massage, where they tell high stories and remember the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and cricket, where the master is a smart and wise old man and his assistant is his son, who may be delayed or autistic, but who does his work with joy and contagious spirit of play and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Get back to the stage an older son, Da Ming, who is polished, well-groomed and taciturn. He feels uncomfortable about what he considers to be the uncomplicated behavior of his father and brother. Represents modern China with a tie and briefcase, mobile phone and education. He came back only because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and has to return to his wife and career. But then there is a crisis and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of a natural, life-focused life that his father and his brother experienced. <br /> <br /> And so Yang Zhang reconciles old and new, and he does it in such a charming way that I will not oppose, especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed. One of the nice things that he does, which I miss in most movies, is the way he combines story threads in a larger story, so that they are resolved before the end of the picture. A regular bathhouse that sings "For the only my love" in a bathhouse, when showers of water flow to him, to the delight of Er Ming, he discovers that he can not sing in public because of the stage fright. At the end of the movie, he loses fright and sings thanks to the inspired help of Er Ming. A regular bathhouse that loses a wife because ... well, it tells the story to Master Liu before she confesses the real reason. But Liu understands and again, before the film ends, husband and wife are reconciled. <br /> <br /> This kind of film "happy ending" is unusual in today's artistic and international films or in almost every directed film in adults. Some happy endings are so elaborate that they shame not only their creators, but also the audience. And some are so blatantly condescending that the public is offended. Here, however, the audience is delighted. <br /> <br /> See it especially for the comic show of Wu Jiang, whose warm demolition overcomes any disabilities that his character may have.
