I saw this movie in the theater when it appeared. I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to Arizona and I really enjoyed watching places where I spent so much time. I remember then that Barbara's thinking about the more rock sound (actually R and B-to my ears) was successful. I have never been a fan of Kris's singing until his last effort on New West. However, as a songwriter and actor, he has serious chops, IMHO. I think it's a great affair. I like it more than the version of Judy Garland and I have never seen the original Janz Gaynor from Selznick. <br /> <br /> I believe that they have made some changes to this long awaited DVD version. I remember, among other things, a helicopter shot that reveals that the packed stadium of Sun Devil is longer and more dramatic. It is a pity that they did not do a better job writing music to Kris or God forbid, put some of his original songs there. <br /> <br /> Along these lines I have some information from the primary source, which says that music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. During interviews for my new musical document, Rocking the Boat: A Musical Conversation and Journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, an excellent singer / guitarist / musician with close professional and personal connections with Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton others. Stephen played in John Norman's Speedway. Kris changed very hard what was really pop, something that could go to rock. Stephen was and is a friend of Kris and a member of the band. There was tension on the set and at some point the band barked at Kris in Barbara's presence. She noticed that the band should not talk to him like that. Kris came back to being their friends and they were rock and roll! In the end Barbara came around and decided to use Kris's performances live in the film and especially put on Stephen's role in creating things. I gained even more respect for her as an artist after hearing this story. Much of it is done as a diva. She is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that there is something wrong with it.
