The hit during its original release (it was the second most profitable film from 1976), the third version of the screen STARS IS BORNA always shared critics and fans. The film opened for surprisingly negative reviews, but with a budget of 5.6 million dollars went to over 150 million dollars at the box office and won the Academy Award and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that the most commercial film by Streisand will remain its most controversial. For every ten fans who claim that STAR is the best film of Streisand, there are always ten who claim to be the weakest film in her filmography. Although both sides have some advantages in support of their claims, it should be noted that the seventies take the DESTROYED STARS, which remains one of the most moving and very entertaining show business dramas that Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, this is the best version of the often-told story. <br /> <br /> The film is very pleasant and absorbing. Changing the setting from the old Hollywood studio to the competitive world of the music industry was a really great idea, and the scenario creates a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their career. This is the main area in which the A STAR IS BORN version from 1976 surpasses the classic predecessors. For example, the movie is particularly successful when it presents sudden personal and professional difficulties during recording sessions and endless telephone conversations that interrupt attempts to write Kristofferson songs. This version of the story is also more credible in presenting the main characters. For example, a woman leads in two previous versions that were so virtuous and sacred that they left as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the feminine advantage in this version, is not only portrayed as strong and passionate but also flawed and contradictory. It makes you feel more "real" than the characters Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland in previous movies and makes the story much more effective. <br /> <br /> All performances are intentional, even if some of them supporting the characters are not sufficiently developed. If you're looking for an actress / singer who can walk on a thin line between difficult and vulnerable, without giving the impression that it's a scripting tool, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few film stars who can make even the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural, and as usual she manages to establish strong emotional contact with the viewer. Simply put, her Esther is a fully realized, three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not get much respect now because of his relaxed characteristics, but he is always an interesting watch and he has the magnetic charisma he rarely exhibited in his career. Kristofferson actually received enthusiastic reviews during this time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even usually malicious Pauline Kael from New Yorker. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but both have a fairly minimal amount of time on the screen. <br /> <br /> Recording the movie soundtrack was also a huge success, reaching number 1 on the Billboard's Hot 200 list and selling out four million copies in the United States alone. Composed in Streisand "Evergreen" (with lyrics by Paul Williams) is unquestionably one of the most beautiful songs of modern pop, brought to life even more thanks to the absolutely unmatched performance of the vocal Streisand. The rest of the original songs of the film (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are quite good, and Streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in the memory long after the rest of the movie disappears. Streisand's live performances bring "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You" to an exciting life and make even stupid numbers, such as "Queen Bee", work much better than they have the right. Kristofferson's solo numbers sound a bit tuneless, which could have been intentional because it played at random. <br /> <br /> Though naturally dated in some respects (definitely reflects the decade in which it was made), the seventies take A STAR IS BORN is still behaving extremely well. The film is well embedded and produced skillfully, the chemistry between the electrodes is extremely powerful and always seems real, and Streisand has two exciting scenes near the finals, which are both effective. In summary, NATIONAL STAR is not only fun and moving, but also goes beyond any criticism.
