Thirty years after the first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally goes to DVD in a package that should satisfy the most devoted fans of Barbra Streisand. This would include me since I saw her at concerts, among others, the feminist hymn "Woman on the Moon" from the 1976 film. An easy-to-rebuffle career polarization story is such a strong pile of Hollywood-style stereotypes that its variations exist in other movies, including Streisand's "Funny Girl." This time, returning to the music scene of the time, the timeline story accompanies the self-destructive rock stars John Norman Howard during his deep career, as he meets the club singer Esther Hoffman, who is waiting for her great break. br /> Troubles spoil your advances from the very beginning, because John Norman (both names, please) reacts to catchy fans and bloodless DJs with random acts of violence (which inexorably escapes from the accusation). For John Norman, Esther represents his last shot of happiness, and in turn he is attracted by a decent, creative musician under the facade. In the most important scene of the film Esther gives a great break at a charity concert, and her career begins. Inevitably can not cope with the failure of her career in the light of her rapid success, and if you know any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (although the promising director talents of Streisand are obviously on display), the film still attracts me, although I know he is shamelessly invented and manipulative. He still has an emotional resonance despite numerous defects. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand seems to be the perfect choice to play a rising singing star in her first release, her persona is simply too strong and predefined to play credibly Esther. The same can be said about its performance style, because it seems that the script takes into account its soft material oriented towards a modern adult who can be accepted in another hardened world of arena rock. From the moment he raises his head as the center of Oreos, he can not refrain from being considered a star. I can forgive the passage of time just because it is an unparalleled vocal talent, but what becomes less forgiving is how Esther makes it more harsh than poignant when John Norman's misfortunes become overwhelming. This creates a strangely unpleasant dynamic in the final part of the movie, when it becomes less about what caused the climax event than Esther's answer to it. This is possible thanks to the uninterrupted eight-minute rapprochement of her memorandum idea - great, except when unfortunately she imitates John Norman's style at the end. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, provides excellent performance all the time managing the level of honesty that solidifies the film and makes his feelings of love, pride and dislike of Esther tangible. In this context, he makes his soaked vodka growl on the stage. Otherwise, what always seems strange to me in this version is that all supporting characters are pushed into the background, as if they did not exist, unless they interacted with the two main characters. The only ones who register will be Paul Mazursky as manager Brian and Gary Busey as John Norman as his cynical Bobbie team manager. Robert Surtees, a veteran cameraman, provides nice polishing to the cinema, even though the printing level remains on the printout. A great seller in his time, the soundtrack is a mix of different styles from the 70s - some songs are still pretty good ("Everything," "Woman in the Moon", "Watch Closely Now"), some of them have turned into kitsch (" Queen Bee "," I Believe in Love "by Kenny Loggins and of course unavoidable" Evergreen ". <br /> <br /> The transfer of the 2006 DVD print is clean and the sound is gratefully sharp thanks to digital remastering. the main lure of extras, from her full-length commentary, giving insightful information about the genesis of the film, casting and apparently difficult production, and sincerely honest about Jon Peters' megalomania, her boyfriend's hairdresser, who became the producer of the film, and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as a director. I just want her to provide more scene-specific comments that directly relate to what's on the screen the nudition to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood hits her, eg. For the third time you can hear the person playing on the chauffeur is Peters' friend. I think that having a second commentator could draw other nuggets from it. <br /> <br /> There is a dressing reel that shows fun 70s clothes, especially a Kristofferson blended poncho and an orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes attached to the optional Streisand comment. One is a comic scene of baking bread, which reminded me of how much I like Streisand in farce comedies. Another is a complex scene in which he plays "Evergreen" on the guitar before the amazing Kristofferson, who then falls asleep. The most interesting is the alternative approach to the musical finale with quick cuts, with which I agree with Streisand. Theatrical trailers for all three versions of "A Star Is Born" were also attached accordingly.
