I've always been a big fanatic of James Bond! I've seen almost all of the movies except Die Another Day, and The World is not Enough. The artwork "Everything Or Nothing" is breathtaking! Voice talents ......... WOW! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! After all, he's Bond in a video game! HE IS BOND! I liked the previous Bond games: Goldeneye, The World Is Enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This is by far the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) He was incredibly exciting to hear in a video game ....... AT LONG LAST! DUH! I've seen him play with Robin Williams and let me say they make a great band. Pierce Brosnan is funny, wicked handsome (I mean, I'm going to say bad) and only one of those actors you would like to come up, wrap your arms around and hug, saying, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond," If not you I would not know who James Bond is. " He is a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe, although I've seen him in several movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I spell the name of the character?) LOL !!!! Does a great job with an accent. Sometimes I do not even hear the accent. I saw Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, perform in two films: Finding Nemo and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! SHE RULES! In any case, it never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, certainly has a nailed part of the jaw. I saw him in the movie and he is amazing! Actually, my grandparents met Mr. Kilon, and I was jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst is on top of my Celebrity list that I want to meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I've never seen a better person playing as wisecracking and a gadget creating Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan at Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is amazing! The latest project by John Cleese is Shrek 2 with Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh, yes, and how Q always says, "Grow up 007!"
