Do not get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and definitely is the best FPS game based on the 007 series. But the series fell into the FPS routine. Enter "Everything or Nothing", which puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia With Love", I finished FRWL and just started EON and rated EON a bit sharply. Although FRWL definitely has an advantage in nostalgia and capture the essence of the film series, EON is definitely better in terms of in-depth control and diversity of gameplay. Missions range from standard running and shooting to drive an SUV, driving Aston Martin, driving a limo that is propelled by an explosion, commanding two different types of tanks a GoldenEye, riding a motorcycle, flying a helicopter, pushing away protected by laser traps and freely falling on the falling lady. Sure, the vehicle controls are a bit clumsy, but it's about diversity. <br /> <br /> As the film adaptations, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were everything I could count on. But the original story of the EON increases the sense of control over the adventure of James Bond. The impressive cast list Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito are helping in this. Judi Dench and John Cleese reprise their roles in the M and Q movies respectively, while Pierce Brosnan, while there is Sean Connery, adds credibility to the game. All characters resemble stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, who does not make a real model of justice in his model. The theme song Myi is on par with at least part of the big screen. Title pieces Bond. <br /> <br /> The tribute game is also some of the older Bond movies. Willem DeFoe is a former colleague of thief Christopher Walken from "View of the Assassination." Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, a powerful follower of "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three battle scenes, the first and best of which runs in the same way that they would fight in movies. <br /> <br /> The single player game is mainly based on standard missions on foot, such as Bond. Just like Bond, you'll be able to choose whether to use hiding or go out with burning rifles. The game provides many opportunities to use hiding, with a lot of wall and cover items. Unfortunately, unlike the FRWL, only one button in the EON controls both crouching and adherence to the wall, so Bond can end up crouching when he has to peek around the corner and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter the "Bond reflex" mode. When you browse your inventory, everything goes into super slo-mo, allowing you to analyze objects around you that you can interact with. Although this requires a bit of a habit, this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond moments", such as shooting down a chandelier to take out four swans underneath, and greatly increase Bond's feeling. <br /> <br /> There are 3 levels of difficulty: Operative, Agent and Double Oh. At Operative, you can go for a few hours. On the agent, a few weeks. On Double Oh, a few months. The level of difficulty can be changed for each individual mission. Achieving high scores on missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and effects features such as vehicle upgrades and skimpy outfits that Bond girls wear. Some missions can be very frustrating because of the shortage of checkpoints, but when everything is said and done, no mission is longer than a single action scene in the Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Multiplayer, unfortunately, is not so exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode in every Bond game. The main multi-player EON is the cooperative campaign mode, which places players responsible for smaller MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond. In this mode, you can unlock a more standard third-death match. However, the single player mode is the most complete experience associated with Bond. The ending, as in most Bond games, is anti-climatic. While the last mission is one of the most burdensome in the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. Also the levels that require Bond to be fast are largely a matter of trial and error. Still, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game is tantamount to the lack of one of Bond's films.
