I'm a huge fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not so big on singles), so you can easily say that I'm waiting for everything that Cameron Crowe attaches his name to. I went to see Vanilla Sky when I was told it was a very strange movie and I probably would not like it if I expected something similar to other Crowe movies. Seeing this, let me say that the first one was correct and the second could not be more wrong. This is a very strange movie and nothing happens to the end. Anyone who tells you that he saw her approaching the movie either lied to you or could not tear their memory from memory. Anyway, the movie was stellar and I can not wait to have it when the DVD is released. The film touched me and I felt emotionally exhausted until the end. This is an experience that will start to draw from the viewer the whole spectrum of human emotions if the viewer allows him to enter the story. In the theater where I watched the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the movie and got bored with it when they discovered that they could not return to the story. I am sure that others simply can not properly follow such a movie. I do not mean that it sounds pompous, but some people are more cut out of Seagal, Chan, Van Damme films and these are the types that probably would not like this movie. It is very cerebral, so make sure you are prepared for a two-hour mental bender, as well as many later thoughts. <br /> <br /> When it comes to comparing this movie with other Crowe movies, it's very similar in at least in all movies. Crowe's soundtrack is the character itself. It's almost certainly because of Crowe's longstanding relationship with music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous and his marriage to the star of Heart Nancy Wilson knows. It is also worth noting that between the acting of Tom Cruise and Crowe's direction was determined chemistry, which made the film seem familiar to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> In any case, if I had to compare this movie with any other movie, I would say: if you enjoyed David Fincher, you would almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
