How strange is the human mind; it is the center of activity in which the perception of reality is formed and stored, and in which the view of the world depends on the precisely tuned functioning of the brain, the most delicate and complicated processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about its internal functioning, its depth or capacity? What is in the mind that allows us to distinguish between reality and dream? Can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing but the impression of what we see, for example, a look at the image of Monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. This is the concept that cameraman Cameron Crowe visited in his extremely imaginative and mind-changing film "Vanilla Sky" with Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits the publishing empire left to him by his father. However, his fifty-one percent of control made him a kind of an outstanding man, because there are seven members of his board of directors, and everyone considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames with the lion's share of the company. And fueling fires of dissatisfaction is their perception that David lacks the concentration that work requires. <br /> <br /> Although David likes to play; he still controls his interests and does what he thinks appropriate, regardless of whether the board (he refers to them as "the Seven Dwarves") likes it or not, and nobody has ever dared to challenge him. But during a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that seven are behind something behind him. At the time, however, this is the last thing in David's mind; she has a loose affair with her friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even that moves back when she meets a woman at a party that can not escape him. His name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz) and after knowing her only for one night he becomes a key part of his life - which will soon be turned upside down because in the morning after his adoption he makes a decision that will change his life forever. And soon he will find out that there is simply no turning back. <br /> <br /> The director Cameron Crowe has done and delivered much more than just another movie with it; much more than the Vanilla Sky movie is a realized vision. Starting with the first images that appear on the screen, it presents a stunning visual experience that affects both intuitively and the brain. It is a mysterious mystery that will consume and reject you; it's an emotional hurry - and it can drain you, because it takes some effort to stay with him. But it is worth it. Think of "Memento" with a rock n'roll style soundtrack and a vivid color attack under the impressionist brush stroke. There is darkness and light, and sounds that beat and drive until you feel how blood flows through your veins and pulsates in your brain. And everything was happening on the landscape of virtual reality whirling under the ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, it's a real journey; it's exciting - and this is the bending of the mind. <br /> <br /> For the performances here, those who can not cross Tom Cruise's attitude as Maverick in "Top Gun" or his Ethan Hunt in "Mission Impossible" or those who only see him as " movie star, "not an actor, they will have to rethink his work. Because as David Aames, Cruise gives you the best performance of your career, which should check for any doubts about his ability as an actor at the door. In the past few years, he made interesting choices in his career: films such as "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut" are just warm-ups for a very real and complex character that he creates here. And give him recognition for taking on a role that dispels all sense of vanity; This is a Cruise you've never seen before. `Jerry Maguire 'brought him an Oscar nomination, and this should also - and the admiration and recognition of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this film, it is extraordinary. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz performs in a unique, if not exceptional, performance like Sofia, David's dream woman. She is alluring innocence, which she brings to this role, which fits her character well and makes it available and available, but lacks a shadow of mystery that could add to this special "something extra". But Crowe knows how to get the best out of the actors, and he certainly did it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely alive in the role of Julie. It never looked better and it was quite sizzling on the screen. But do not make a mistake, this is not part of "dressing up", and Diaz provides a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured in fact by the impact it has on a fairly limited time on the screen. And this is a persona that so integrates with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. Generally, great work Diaz. <br /> <br /> Supporting staff is Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (`LE 'Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About halfway through, it can make you question your own sense of reality; but be sure that at the end of "Vanilla Sky" everything will be revealed. Certainly it is a reality bender and crazy; but it is an exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying - and unique - experience that you have to see to believe. This is the basic and absolute magic of movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
