Someone (or something ...) leaves traces of carotid puncture and heaps the blood sacrifice to death. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before he escaped from the genre of horrors from film B to higher heights) is unhappy with who ... or what ... stands behind these notorious crimes. The village is defeated by hysteria, and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, in another successful role of the mad scientist) to give feedback on what may cause the death of the innocent. He is also concerned about the safety of his beloved Ruth (the charming Fay Wray, who performs for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The Mystery of the Wax Museum"), who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the movie as a rather strange idiot from the village, who collects bats and wears a mad attitude wherever he goes. It's easy to understand why he becomes a suspect because local paranoia has a fever. Maude Eburne provides the humor of the film as a very naïve (and easily influential) patient von Niemann who believes he has the ailments he read about in the books near the laboratory in which he works. She is susceptible to influences, and often von Niemann simply humiliates her and is constantly fictitiously ill. Lionel Belmore returns as another frightened, superstitious Bürgermeister. <br /> <br /> Squeaky, static, but rather funny thanks to the cast. The film is of course as cheap as it appears, but it does not hurt the film because it is well prepared by the director Frank R Strayer and his crew. However, I am sure that the printout of the film has seen better times. This is a type of horror B subject that can be found in 50 other random series and programmers of the poverty line. A black film ... and its motives for feeding a synthetically created biological creature ... certainly provides a different approach to the Frankenstein formula. Many may be disappointed with the final results, because the film departs from being a true supernatural tale of a real vampire killer causing murder.
