Trying to earn from the successes of Universal horrors, Majestic Pictures has hired some of the popular actors from the current genre and put them into this effort, which (speaking realistically) is not so good. Thanks to this it is still worth the time and it is a great fun to watch and in my opinion is better than most of what is to be frightening today! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies accumulate completely devoid of blood and suspicious puncture marks. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) yells "They are vampires," but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he is a madman who is responsible and vows to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Burgermeister and most of the city's residents think that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye), who loves bats and often talks with them, is the one that they seek and chase him until he falls to death in a cave. The one responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and achieves this, having mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr Otto has a nice assistant by the name of Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what to do, but Karl finally becomes suspicious when one of the murders takes place after Herman's death . br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer never made a mistake with being James Whale, but he was quite a competent director who finished directing most of the "Blondie" movies in this series and uses the same sets with "The Old Dark House" ", Which was also shot at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this movie is sometimes clumsy, but you can hardly resist a movie that has such a cast, including Frye who is doing his part in Renfield to a large extent, only this time he makes friends with bats and pats them and he keeps in his pocket to hold on safely! One thing that just does not make sense is the mind control Dr Otto has over Emil, because the film never explains it, and I had a strong feeling that it was some kind of nod to the "Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", but on the other side is probably the weakest part of the script. There are some other curiosities I have noticed, including Frye's chase to the big caves, which is obviously an early shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon, where many other films were made, and Wray's brown hair, which is her true color. Fans of real horror will appreciate it more than others, but I think it is a fun movie to watch for everyone, and a cast as attractive as this one is worth watching.
