This is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all times, in my opinion provocative, funny and sad with amazing performances all around! All characters are great and the story is simply brilliant! Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just amazing at it! The Ending is very powerful, but I will not spoil it for you, and I thought that character development was at the highest level!, And you can really refer to all characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, because you'll be cheering for them!, And I loved it, how it moves slowly and gives you a chance to get to know all the characters and what's happening in them. I can not believe she only has a 5.9 rating here, because I think it should be much higher and it was fun to see Randy Quaid in this role, and it's very well written and done! One of the scenes that really got to me is that Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is completely embarrassed by her mother for the party, and the movie has many surprising moments! This is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), provoking to think, funny and sad with amazing performances all around, and I say "Go immediately"! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job, with amazing camera work and keeping the film at an extremely immersive pace! Acting is amazing! Jodie Foster is really cute and, as always, amazing! She was very nice, caring, she had a nice character, she was intense in some scenes, she was focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie as Jeanie and Annie! (Foster rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very hot and is amazing here, I really feel sorry for her characters, because she had a very nice character who needed help, gives a powerful performance and created a very memorable character that was amazing! Scott Baio is great as Brad, who was really nice and did his job well. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role, I liked him surprisingly. Sally Kellerman is great as a mother. I liked her very much. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are very good as Madge and Deirdre and they did what they had to do well, like the other two friends. Laura Dern plays a very early role here, because it was great to see her, although there was not much. The rest of the cast is fine. Generally, see it immediately, this underestimated masterpiece! ***** with 5
