Essentially the same movie as "House of Wax" - the first real horror of Vincent Price released last year - but seriously, who cares, because "The Mad Magician" offers the same amount of emotions, delightful sets from the era, joyful 3 - Effects D, sublime performances and macabre horror tricks like his predecessor! "Never change the winning team" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur thought about when he wrote Price, Don Gallico, another tormented soul besieged by fate and revenge on those who hurt him. Don Gallico intends to make his first own illusionistic show as Gallico the Great and plans to demonstrate the greatest magic trick in history; entitled "The Girl and the Buzz Saw". The promising solo career of Gallico is suddenly ruined before he begins when his former employer Ross Ormond appears on stage and signs the contract under his breath, claiming that all Gallico inventions are legitimate property of the company. The demented and unbending Ormond, who also sacked his beloved wife Gallico, will take off with a pipe-trick and program it in the program of Gallico's rival, The Great Rinaldi. I inevitably crack the Gallico and sadistic butcher Ormond, but ?? also being a master of creating disguises? it recreates the image of its victim and even begins to lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is a funny and totally unpretentious horror of the 50s in the style of Grand Guignol, with lots of unlikely twists (hostess turns out to be a brilliant criminal novelist?) And a handful of fantastically grotesque, disgusting moments (although they are obviously suggestive). Three-dimensional delicacies at the beginning of the film, such as a yo-yo and a silly trick with water fountains, serve only as a filler of time and modern 50's, but it is still cool to see them now and without the means to see them properly. The "mad magician" is also interesting from the point of view of periodic settings, because the events take place while the fingerprints are being used as evidence, and the character Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to the well-known criminal authors of that era. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains absolutely the most important element of triumph in this film, as well as almost every other horror movie in which this legendary man has ever performed. As no other actor was able to achieve, Price presents a harassed hero who gradually descends into a psychic madness in such an indescribably mesmerizing way. You regret Don Gallico, but at the same time you are very scared of him. You support his vile act of retaliation, and at the same time you realize that his murderous craze must end in death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor and, in my humble opinion, an embodiment of the genre of horror.
