NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE Written by Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner. Director: Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How to define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of the alleged sins and one of the alleged redemption? Especially when this person eventually fell apart in his last age, as if to demonstrate his point of view. If you're the director of Mary Harron, you are not afraid to show the nature of push / pull on NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. You allow a character to drift back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the Church and the seductive illusion of control and dominance that she could have been able to provide as a model of a year ago. In doing so, viewers are offered a complex character that is driven by a desire to leave its difficult past with a naive joy of the desire of others and a struggle to reconcile its image in the eyes of God. Come in the right time, it will no longer matter how many eyes are on her, because only one pair counts. <br /> <br /> Shot mainly in black and white (with unnecessary explosion of colors), NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy that makes the movie a pleasant experience, and it's fun to see how seriously people believe corruption of pornography. But the director's delicate hand is more noticeable in the time of Page despair. Harron is a sensitive, thoughtful director who does not throw many page-like and destructive blows to the viewer's face. Instead, it allows a surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the title role, the chance to hammer her character's pain into the viewer with fear in her eyes, exhaustion is her crying and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, would find it necessary to show the heroine in painful positions, to create a connection between the types of atrocities that were imposed on her and where her life took her, Harron has too much sympathy for her character, her actress and the audience. From fragility, Page learns to trust people again, and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, she falls in love with her admiration and control over her gaze. Before her poses enter the soft-core sphere of S & M, she found a way to combine her need to be respected with objectification, which she has become accustomed to throughout her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who wants to control her life and destiny, but in the end she always talks about where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices were her own, she decides to embrace God and proclaim His word to those who will listen. The real sadness for this most important decision is that it still allows someone else to lead it blindly; she just believes that this direction will be better for her soul.
