Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (former lead singer of the breakthrough rock group "Runaways" in her incredibly talented acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are uniformly credible, wonderful and moving as a titular quartet that is tight - a bunch of restless, fiercely loyal, adolescent girls with careless, indifferent, self-absorbed parents who are doing their best to grow up and take care of themselves in the prosperous San Fernando Valley in suburbs of California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment, etc. At an early age, when they are not fully prepared for total responsibility for the potentially harmful consequences of these decisions. Foster, giving one of his most perceptive, influential and underestimated performances, is basically the mother of the group who presides over the good of both himself and others; she is particularly concerned about the good-natured, but reckless and self-destructive Currie, whose carelessly hedonistic lifestyle makes her meet with a premature end. <br /> <br /> This photo offers poignant, insightful, often devastatingly reliable and thoroughly absorbing studies of spoiled, dysfunctional families that exist directly under the carefully groomed surface of the suburbs and the tragic net result of such families: hard, resistant, but unhappy and sensitive children who have to face the trials and sufferings of growing up on their own because their parents are either too ill-advised or even non-existent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction", "Jacob's Ladder") Lyne's direction is both strong and perceptive, while Gerald Ayres's script is a bit messy and chaotic, but generally still accurate in your honest, rough, unsentimental image of your average latchkey kid which is nervously nervous chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. The soft, dewy, almost pastoral pictures of Leon Bijou actually suggest a delicate and easily brittle sense of peace and innocence. Giorgio Moroder arranged an excellent score, which particularly effectively uses the elegiac "On the Radio" by Donna Summer. Top-class cast includes Sally Kellerman as neurotic, uncertain, irritated mother Foster, Scott Baio as a sweet skateboard guy, Randy Quaid as rich senior boy Kagan, pop singer from the 1960s Adam Faith as the insolent, absent father Foster promoter and Lois Smith as the stifling, overprotective mother of Kagan. Short cuts include Robert Romanus (Mike Damone, Fast Times in Richmont High) as one of Foster's gloomy ex-boyfriends and clumsy, wearing braces of Laura Dern as an unbearable robber. Strongly authentic, engaging and deeply moving (Currie's grim final fate is a breakthrough), Foxes is simply one of the most underrated and underestimated movies for teens from the early 1980s.
