... but the overall course of the film may differ in the stylized look of Mary "American Psycho" Harron on the American sexual psyche as seen through the lens of the immortal Queen of the Cross, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> she did not bore anyone with the recitation of Mrs. Page's cult status, primitive legitimacy from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in the hope of being an actress and eventually became Queen of the Universe of Bondage. I will not go through the sketchy plot of the bio-image "The Notorious Bettie Page", although I offer high ratings of technical aspects of the film (immediately appears the sequence of animated magazine covers), inappropriate use of the camera from the period, however. Finally, I will not talk about the timely application of the themes of the film of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, holiness and secularity; they are there so that the recipient can absorb them if they want to. The more things change, the more they remain the same as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> For a moment I will be thinking about the great performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. The truth is that Mol's face looks almost like Bettie's face, nor is it specially built like Bettie (though only a fool would deny this beautiful breast and have no fool!). There is not even a thick, dark bush that hides the most intimate charms of Mrs Page, but the fact is that Mol embodies Bettie Page's spirit in every respect, shape and form. It is a daring "return" from the unmerited semi-darkness. I've never met Mrs Page (and probably I will never do it), but I absorbed photos and videos, read all available biographies and interviews, bought commercial cards and other courses, and be honest, desired by Mrs Page since the first time I discovered it during puberty between the covers of dusty magazines in the hairdresser and five and ten. Mol perfectly reflects the essence of a woman, just as I came to think of her, not thinking of playing words, in what I think is worthy of an Oscar. Liv Tyler would never have matched the dazzling intensity of Mol's characterization in a million years, and I, for example, am grateful that she left the project. Not that I would not mind seeing her completely naked, I'm in a hurry to add, but I can not imagine that her brand of sensuality would translate into Bettie Page's innocent extravaganza. <br /> <br /> The "Notorious Bettie Party" is not for everyone, just like slavery and discipline. I suspect that the album will be much better than in cinemas; legions of devoted fans of the site and curious about this. I can only hope that the DVD will be full of Bettie's sufficient additions to show the uninitiated how well Mol's work has done. <br /> <br /> In addition, a great casting cap, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose photographic business with celebrities was Bettie's gate to immortality. <br /> <br /> The last remark for the young scribe, who expressed the opinion that Mrs. Page had no influence on his generation: look at the bra with Madonna's cone and come back to us. Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, the real godfather of fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her family would never exist.
