The film may look like glass to see the world in a new light. Goodnight and happiness, for example, brought similarities to modern judgment without evidence and interference with freedom. It is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not too close to home: placing it in a fictitious or historical context removed from our immediate situation. We consider pornography to be "enlightened," and our ancestors are hiding with peculiar ideas - usually involving fire and brimstone - but the definition of what is indecent can easily become a victim of ignorance and unscientific interpretations instead of evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of the era, which included not only McCarthyism, but also a ban on comics (such as Tales from the Crypt), because they would change young half-crazy juvenile criminals. This film, developed on the basis of key questions posed in her life, creates dilemmas that are as important today as in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our movie starts with two key scenes. At first, we see well-dressed, respected men in a dingy bookshop. One of them asks for pictures of women in perverse shoes and being restrained - and then turns out to be a secret policeman leading a sting. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting for the call as a witness, looking rather modest, as if she just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. Old-fashioned film effects, such as cloths and wipers, add to the fact that we are watching a film from past years, like casting manners, skilfully recreated scenes from the 1950s, contemporary slang phrases and a lively dialogue related to filming Kropka. Archival materials are often interrupted - which will delight many and irritate others. According to its motive, the film is almost a collection of different types of photography in motion, and older clips of great beaches and landmarks match well with classic poses by Bettie, returning to the era of magazines "health and nature." . . although I admit that if you do not like this story, the effect may be somewhat uncertain. <br /> <br /> Soon we will go back to retrospection. Bettie escapes from the depressive life in Nashville, revived only by church singing and saving the soul, and goes alone to make his own way. After the initial success, her modeling work is divided into two parts: a mainstream glamor focusing on her over a rainbow smile and photos of "specialist interests" consisting in dressing with high-heeled shoes and lightweight bondage equipment. In an earlier audition (reminiscent of the stage with Naomi Watts in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she gives a performance full of emotions, contrasting with her normal animated, happy (but ultimately bland) day-to-day expression of the day. Is part of her still unfulfilled? Bettie is often rejected at interrogation when she realizes that she is a well-known pin-up girl. But we have never been saddened because of Bettie Page: her offensive childhood is quickly appealing and jumping; when she is raped by four boys from her hometown, we see only a threat, and then Bettie regains and survives, gathers in an abandoned forest and puts a bold face on someone who does not want to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity in it, Bettie's special photos are causing trouble. When we return to court, the clergy's opinions about the corruption of such photographs are taken as evidence. The psychologist authoritatively says how photos lead to "suicide, murder and psychosis" in young people who are exposed to them (probably not in that order). Eventually, the star witness explains how his son's life came to an end as a result of such photos. It is not clear how being "bound" causes death). The text accompanying Bettie's series of photos in the magazine tells how she was forced to endure "horrible sufferings" with the help of fetish restrictions (the audience knows that she actually considered them quite amusing and that the expressions, just like the pictures themselves, were pure dramatisations). After a 12-hour wait Bettie is informed about her evidence - she is the only person who can definitely say that she has not been photographed in agony - "will not be required". "Horror" photos have been proven. <br /> <br /> If all this sounds like the dark ages we have left, consider the recent incident in 2003, in which the Ann Summers ad was banned. He said: "for fashion and passion, flagellation for the local shop," with a photograph of the woman's back. She is wearing a bra and thong, and her hands are handcuffed behind her back. The erotic lingerie and sex toy company, directed to women consumers (and also supporting charity organizations fighting against domestic violence), announced that its advertisements are aimed at "ensuring women's sexual confidence and always showing women control over their sexuality." It can be concluded that the prejudices and ignorance of Betty Page's investigations still have their currency. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious beliefs are an integral part of history, just as the notion of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the "forbidden" nature of sexual pleasure often prevalent in the United Kingdom and the United States - as opposed to a more substantive approach in Continental Europe. One could argue that the formulas of sin and redemption and "being saved" are even reflected in the mating patterns that perpetuate traditional male domination. A policeman approaching Bettie in a friendly (but sexually motivated) way outside the courtroom proposes to "save" her from loneliness. A knight in shining armor can be a knight, but also assumes a woman in need of help. <br /> <br /> I love it or hate it, The Notorious Bettie Page is a remarkable and unusual movie and a moral awakening for those who listen to it. There is an excellent acting group, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is extraordinary because the whole film is successful or falls on its powerful performance.
