First of all, I have heard great things about this film, not only among the retro / vintage scene and lovers of stockings who absolutely love Bettie Page and they were not disappointed. Filmed in very pure black and white with added colors for key scenes, the film gives a documentary character to Bettie Page's early life and career. <br /> <br /> There are many things I did not know about. First, there was rape on gangs, later her early attempts to develop her acting career followed by glamor shots, first with a photo club populated by men who can not get enough of it, and later with Klaws, Paula and Irving, who despite the images of captivity and fetish, he meets extremely friendly and friendly people. If only such new producers of pornography were like this, maybe better porn would be a consequence! For the most part, the film is neither a diatrry against evil pornography, but an attempt to show the environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetishes and nude pictures of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant that there is no saturation effect we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed to be much less severe. The site appears as someone who likes his work and does not appear to be degraded by it. In many of her photos, she is seen tied up and gagged (and tries to talk), waving her with a whip, exciting the same photographers taking photos and seen in girls 'initiatory' movies that look pretty tame with the hardcore things that we have now. <br /> <br /> The party has never become an actress, and instead a deserted craze when she was thirty years old for "Jesus Christ." Her faith in God and Jesus never goes away, even when she is bound and gagged, she still insists that God gave her a "gift" to "do it". Seeing this movie, I have more knowledge about Page and admiration for its modesty, beliefs and attitude. It's one of its kind, compared to the blondes of the identi-kit clones we have today, and someone who can say "there's life for porn".
