Although Notorious Bettie Page is well-preserved and shot, at best it's Bettie's biography with Cliffs Notes. The film focuses mainly on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, brother and sister who produced most of her most famous photographs. She does not describe her life in detail after posing, except for her religious revival. He quotes Richard Foster's "The Real Bettie Page" as a source, but ignores later years of Bettie's mental illness and imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital. A narrow biography can be discussed, but most Bettie fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well-preserved, with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the look of Bettie, as well as transmitting the sweetness that her photos gave off. The character is played as quite naive, probably a by-product of the interviews given by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photos, but she rationalized them as acting and costumes. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is also outstanding, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor in Irving and Pauli Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film wanders with the character of John Willi, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with Klaws. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more desperate state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the game, the movie is a little disappointing in terms of depth. The story is quite cursory and we never feel that we really get to know Bettie. Like her pictures, it's just a picture. He has a tendency to exaggerate Bettie's publicity. Her photographs were viewed mainly in New York and its area, on a very narrow market of underground and iconic publications. Her real fame came after her photographs were reprinted in the late 70's and 80's, and the Cult of Betty Page (as her name was usually written) grew. Bettie's biggest exhibition (I apologize for the pun) was in Playboy, appearing in the January issue of 1955 (Christmas photo, which is displayed on the back in the film). <br /> <br /> The film is well made, if rather shallow. It is able to maintain interest to the end and presents many great performances. He hits Bettie's highest points, but ignores many details that would give him much more depth. The ending is rather disappointed. It's rather sudden. Even so, the movie is definitely worth watching by anyone who is interested in Bettie and even for a period of time. The soundtrack is great, it really attracts the viewer to the '50s. The film is nothing more than a show of America's growing sexuality and a clash with its Puritan past. It's also a look at the icon for both men and women.
