First of all, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming movie, very beautifully devoted to its time and topics. Gretchen Mol is totally, painfully convincing, the very soul of contradiction smoothly reified by Mrs. Page herself. Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn, just like they were stiff from the working class (getting to know Paula in Movie Star News in 1990, I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is unrivaled), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is a loving genius . . Everyone who is interested in the recorded history of American attitude to sexuality must see this film, preferably in the theater, where votes from dollars count more. <br /> <br /> Secondly, let me produce material similar to that which would be famous for Klawów, which does not affect my assessment of Harron's work as a great song, which is but conditions my view of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. Mrs Harron created the work of a subtle subversion. Along with V for Vendetta, this is a movie about a different time for our time. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site will be aware that the government, which they will see in Notorious (by transcribing the words themselves) in closed hearings of Senate committees) is a very similar approximation of the one under which they currently live. While Mrs. Harron clearly does not agree that she has a political program attached to this film, her loyalty to the facts and the respectful and senseless manner in which she implements them synchronizes Notorious with the present. The acts themselves, which are notoriously depicted in full of loving and accurate detail, are defined as indecent by the Communications Decency Act, recently brought to the Supreme Court as a matter of First Amendment and returned there at the request of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective bond presented in Notorious is today being accused by federal prosecutors in any (enemy) jurisdiction they choose. Of course, there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere in this case, when the CDA was accepted. Of course, you do not know anything about it, because you do not want people in Peoria to tell you what you can and can not look at them (similarly, people in Peoria probably do not want me to tell them what they can see). Of course, Notorious will never be prosecuted. This is Hollywood. He is a lawyer. Countless Klaws will however still be guided by the puritanical bureaucracy, which has not developed its aesthetic, moral or biological composition in over 50 years. <br /> <br /> In addition, notorious posts no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement, which was ordered by the unnoticed "earmark", recently put to the vote. If any media contains images of "sadomasochistic restrictions", it is required to provide (with justification) records regarding the age and circumstances of all contractors. Notoriously fails in this regard too. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a great pastime and (almost) an accurate historical document, Notorious will be a litmus test against which the Department of Justice Justice itself is being assessed with respect to Amendment 14 (equal protection) and perhaps several other constitutional grounds. Only in this respect is the debt of gratitude to Mary Harron. You will be grateful in any case, constitutional or otherwise, if you see this movie.
