I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of her appearance in very poor Playboy days (apparently when she took a picture of her and her Santa hats, she just did not know what kind of mage it was). The film, co-author of the script and directed by Mary Harron of American Psycho, well describes the most important elements of her life. The southern church belle has bad experiences and leaves them behind to look for better times in New York, where he gets into modeling, and from there much more. Soon, it becomes an underground mad-sensation, an obvious (and "notorious") attribute attributed to her from bondage. Actress Gretchen Moll presents her and the spirit of this woman as good as she could, which is a really big success of the film. She is not a simplified figure, even if her ideas of morality are sometimes questionable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, right?", He comments several times). Apparently, the filmmakers miss the later years of Page's life and leave it a kind of redemptive period, leaving photo sessions for Jesus. <br /> <br /> In total, Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a simple bio-pic presented by HBO movies, but this time with the stamina to release a feature film. The best scenes that Harron captures are Page in her "questionable" positions, photographing her in top poses and performing in funny movies with whips, chains and leather uniforms. It adds a much-needed comic relief to the usual nature of the film. It is not that the story behind this is uninteresting, which is connected with the government's investigation into the "smut" that came from such photographs and underground magazines. But there is not much time to examine what is only indicated, with the site and its complexity, its relationships or sex and the fifties. It all has a really clean, black and white look, and sometimes it seemed that Harron was developing some of the black and white photos that were supposed to be more colored. This is a view that you can watch if you are not very well versed in Bette Page and probably also for fans.
