I liked it ... just ... I liked it, not like an animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that it's less attractive is that we're all trying to compare and underestimate, but this cartoon was amazing, but she did not really like it. Too many people are saying that Bruce is so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, any of the crime-fighting gangs would have such a bad and dark attitude, so for me it's not a flaw. Batgirl was amazing, she really matched her, because there's no more Dick Grayson as a robin, a batman needed a good teammate, not like a new robin, he's just a kid and you can not rely so much on your child. But heres, what did not work: new graphics ... it's not terrible, but ... it does not work for me in a show such as a batman. This is a dark character with a maniac assassin, such as a joker, so you can not put this kind of graphics in this cartoon, Joker is not a bad project, but I still like the former joker (but for me the best joker was ever the one that appeared in the batman outside : return of the joker), so this joker is not so good. The joker's good side is that it still means Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I love her) They made an amazing episode for her: Mad love (for me the best episode in this series). In the end, we know how she turned to Harley Quinn and how the joker twisted her mind and felt that the atmosphere you feel in the animated series, darker, without a happy ending, brutal fight with the joker (but too short), this is how it was supposed to be ALL series. BUT generally I did not like how she did Harley in this series ... in almost every episode, which they put in funny, but in an absurd way, she was hit, says nonsense, she makes mistakes ... come on, she's funny in that way, that you can laugh at her, and not from her ... and here they are funny (as I said the only episode in which I do not think it's crazy love and beware of vines). good series, has its advantages and disadvantages, drawings can be better (MY GOOD !!! KILL THAT CAT !!!!) cool sound effects, cool music, nice voices and nice episodes: my favorite, crazy love, Jokery millions, Old wounds, father's sins and cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS you can watch this, but do not specify too much, on the other hand, if you have not watched TAS, watch it first, then watch TAS in such a way that you really will love TAS: D
