If you were not there, unfortunately this movie will be for you beyond compassion. Which, as I say, is a shame, because although some of the actors are amateur, they are meant to be real. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things accurately or perfectly, even if we mean. In this sense, it works. However, this does not apply to our "known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (naturally born). The fact that the other 3 girls have not been reached, only adds to the story - Jodie plays glue, which tries to keep friendship close to each other, even with an obvious feeling of mortality. This means that no matter how close friends are, there are finally people who just disappear, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And that's the crux of the movie. It's not about partying, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their last time as still young girls, before they have to go alone to the world. <br /> <br /> If you've ever had such a friendship in your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what age it is embedded in or in what age you grew up. We all knew these girls at school, or at least we knew about them. We all knew a frustrated virgin who wanted to keep her childhood, and half wanted desperately to grow up and think that she would do it for her. We all knew the crazy boy, a fashion record whose vanity hides the fear of the world, the fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl they whispered about, with stories not only about her sad family life, but also about her infamous feats. We all knew the "mother figure", a little more real, a little more grounded, a little more sad because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, just like me, you were once one or the other ... <br /> <br /> This film really captures this fragile time in life, when it wants, needs, pressure, femininity, childhood, world and loneliness they are all embodied in the head of every woman, every factor in the abyss. What aspect do you hold on? What do you throw on the edge, no matter how you want to stick? And how painful is saying goodbye to everything you know? This is what the movie is - it enters the feminine, holding onto childhood and how fucking hard it is to go on. If you were there, you know ... and I love this movie just like me. Painful and tenderly done. A great piece of captured femininity.
