After the glory of The Snare, it was unlikely that further Hanzo would be able to do something better, and this does not violate this expectation, but it is a great movie and lies between a fun but messy first chapter and a great second in quality and general entertainment. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some similarities to The Snare, as well as the expected hi-jinks of the Hanzo movie, but the film calls a nice little change in the formula by reinforcing humor driven by the character, as well as giving the film a quieter, reflective edge. The film begins with Hanzos' assistants frightened by the spirit and usually decides immediately that he must have bodily knowledge of this spirit. It turns out that the ghost serves as a guard to steal stolen coins, and from this set takes place the story of theft, corruption and usury, with expected violent and dingy results. Shintaro Katsu is wonderful, as expected, as Hanzo, finding effortlessly on a deadly warrior and the sexual power of nature, is equally good at the moments of knowing humor and a nice, almost ordinary gentleman in the moments of drama, it is a beautifully rounded performance full of social and touching conscience the edge of personal feeling. The expected comedy is also successful, his moments from Maggie's "Snake" are perhaps the most fun of this series, while his interactions with his servants are fun, as always. Although nicely filled with nice moments, lots of action and a bit of madness, the movie loses a bit of a relatively restrained approach. There are shades of both previous films, the plot, the pace and cunning reminiscent of The Snare, and when the movie heads to sleaze, it does it very well, with a strongly supported and influential early interrogation sequence. However, director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially dingy scenes in a more experimental way, according to the less-known work of Kenji Misumi in Sword Of Justice, with consequences sometimes very nice, as in the case of a man playing melody on koto, with close-ups of his fingers pulling the cords, as unconscious for Hanzo is a man who oaks his wife, and sometimes a little weakly, as in an orgy, which boils down to the nefarious psychedelic vortex of limbs in motion, which seems to be confusing. Nudity and bloodshed are generally downplayed, which is a shame, although there is a bit of both, a stronger approach would work better, this is definitely a kind of movie in which shameful and unbridled nudity and violence are the most appropriate. But even with a smaller amount of exploitative goods it is still very funny things, predictable moments arise with panache and is more than enough intrigue and excitement, even a few effective surprises. It is a movie for fans really, playing the work described in the previous parts and working sweetly, if not spectacularly. All in all, a pretty pleasant, though slightly defective, end to a great trilogy, the second of which is the best and worth seeing for enthusiasts of such things.
