Following the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka "Hanzo The Razor - Sword Of Justice", 1972) and his excellent (and even lighter) sequel to "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973), is "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and, unfortunately, the last installment of the incredible saga about incorruptible Samuraan constable Hanzo "The Razor" Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu) who fights corruption thanks to his fighting skills as well as his huge sexual strength . As a big fan of the 70's operating cinema made in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became my favorite and that's why I was happy to find sequels and was full of expectations when I finally came across them recently. While the third film "Hanzo" is not as brilliant as its predecessors, this is definitely another great piece of iconic cinema that can not be missed by a fan of Japanese exploitative cinema. "Who's Got The Gold" is a bit of a tamer than the two previous films Hanzo, but it is equally brilliantly comical and primitively humorous, and immediately begins fabulously strange: the film begins when two Hanzo assistants see a woman ghost during fishing. Always wanting to sleep with the ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the place of the event ... If this is not a promising start to an amazing film experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to be written especially for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, a stubborn and fearless constable who hates corruption and deliberately offends her superiors, and her unique interrogation techniques include raping suspected women. Interrogated women immediately attack him because of his sexual powers and a huge penis, which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I will not reveal more about the story in "Who's Got The Gold", but I can assure you that it is as cool as it seems. Supporting performances are also very good, and like their predecessors, there are a lot of comically eccentric characters. This is unfortunately the last film in the incredibly miserable series of "Hanzo". If they made 20 more sequels, I'd love to watch them all! The whole Hanzo series is brilliant and although this third part is slightly worse compared to its predecessors, it is definitely a must for all lovers of the cult cinema! Oh, how I would like them to do more sequels!
