L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The stolen painting hypothesis (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-storey Parisian apartment building. Inside we meet The Collector, an elderly man who apparently devoted his life to the study of six well-known painters from the Impressionist era, Tonnerre. The narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting, and then he takes up a dialogue with The Collector, who describes pictures, shows them, tells us a little about the painter and scandal that has crushed him, and then tells us that he will show us something .... <br /> <br /> As he walks through the door, we enter another world or worlds, and perhaps we stretch to the borders, other possible worlds. The collector shows us his seemingly unlimited house, including a large courtyard full of trees with a hill; within these boundaries, 6 images come to life, or halfway to life, when it leads us through various scenarios and describes the possible meanings of each image, work as a whole, all secret history behind images, scandal, people in images, a novel that could inspire images . And so on and so forth. Each room, each description leads us deeper into the labyrinth, and the Collector and The Narrator all the time engage in their separate monologues, very rarely joining in dialogue, but usually remain separate and different. <br /> <br /> I watched it a second time, so bizarre, powerful and indescribable that it was a difficult challenge to think and write. If I could guess what it all is, it would be a cunning satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. The indicator can be found in the two most funny and inexplicable scenes in which the Collector puts a few asexual plastic figures - in the other one he also looks at pictures taken from figures reflecting poses on paintings - then goes through his collection, which now partly consists of a natural the size of the form. If we think too much about it and not only enjoy it, then everything becomes just a faceless plastic .... <br /> <br /> Did I come to any concrete conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé" or no, I can definitely say that apart from the early (and modern) works of Peter Greenaway, such as "A Walk Through H", I was rarely so fascinated by something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and at heart, so malicious and funny .
