This project was originally conceived as a film version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and this is nothing new for Jay Chou, who debuted in the movie by playing a character from another popular manga. Initial D. On the way, it was decided to include a bit of kung fu into the movie, hence the title, even if the idea was not too original, with Shaolin Soccer Stephen Chow in mind with combined martial arts and ball games. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, the scenes in which kung fu influenced the games were kept to a minimum, and in Kung Fu Dunk, really unnecessary, because they do not add too much to the story or excite the excitement, and at most they offer cheap laughs and memories of times when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football matches. Jay Chou feels comfortable as a martial artist Fang Shi-jie, because he did not fight martial arts for the first time (every Curse of the Golden Flower?), And under the direction of stuntman Ching Siu-Tung he was created to look really credible when he destroys innumerable the amount of gangsters in the bar, as seen in the trailer, to know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> That was almost why his character is a practicing kung fu, and for the fact of giving him an excuse to be the best shooter, able to shoot the rim at virtually any angle. And thanks to Eric Tsang as a small hustler Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, joins the university to play basketball varsity, but not without the initial objection of the captain of the team Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and team star Xiao -lan (Baron Chen, in his big screen). But you know, with the team members on the same side, it's not before they connect their strengths to face the opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I'll stretch my neck to say that this movie has basketball, just like the goal was football. It made the sport look good because of its charismatic characters, despite the fact that it dripped so much cold and distance. Here, special effects and wire work have been used to make the actors look like professionals who can win a leading position in the NBA league, and to be honest, they really look stunning, especially when they mimic different dunging movements and make the combination moving through technology and stunt work. In fact, kung fu elements do not have to be in the movie. Stunting alone will be able to justify most movements, because they are fairly grounded in reality, only to suspend that medium-height boys have springs in their feet to jump that height to a professional batch. > <br /> It is also a pity that the number of games was only a handful, and the time spent on many platters, but each of them was loosely developed and integrated into the story. Things like Shi-jie's abandoned basketball game to get parents to go to them one day, such as gangsterism that penetrates and influences games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in another role in the vase to Look good and do nothing more. Everyone behaves a little too well, leaving little room for the main characters to add depth. One of the key themes is to realize the importance of teamwork, not individual talent and skills, and it could be significantly strengthened if the players themselves were more familiar with the pitch than only on it and during competitive games, in addition to high and friendly entrances. <br /> <br /> With a $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where the money went - especially the massive fantasy sequence at the key point in the movie. It is quite immaculate, it is nice to look at and probably is justified by the same quality, but again I like to emphasize that even without these elements, basketball stunts in themselves will make it a decent movie with clever basketball moves. And the fact that Jay Chou is playing for your team is a great impulse for all hopes of cash success.
