Lost, probably the best in the history of the series t.v. the plot is clever, and when all your questions are answered while watching one episode, 100 more are created. if the lost man can continue this wonderful way and not get carried away too much, he will be stitched the best show in history. Those who survived the plane crash are forced to live together on a distant island, a dangerous new world, which is a unique threat. after reading this you think, how can it be interesting? and hear your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises, you always asked yourself why it just happened and what will happen every time, something very unexpected happens and the story goes wonderfully SO MUCH! The series simply draws us in, it is chilling in the veins and very addictive, everything from great creators and directing to great performances by the cast creates a very credible story. Lost is simply unbelievable, amazing, very funny, at the highest level, t.v at its best. <br /> <br /> Lost all other beat shows by landslide. And if you hate or critic Lost you do not know how to watch t.v or watch drama. The lost simply do not disappoint, one might think that a series that lasts for a long time can not improve. But it is so! It just flows, it's nothing like what you might think about. "Everything happens for a reason." And it is really shown in the series. Eventually, you will reach a point where all the tips and everything that has happened or been done sum up. You will feel and realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is happening. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of emotion: you see something that you have not seen, something important happened to the figure or the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a big phrase that can or will change everything. You hear the sound of thought, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats. 30 minutes of brilliance: you see flawless scenes, tension building, you hear the wonderful music of Michael Giacchino. You see great flash backs, impressive acting. You see the cunning, chilling atmosphere in your veins, which then goes back into tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone is there, they show that they are also addicted, they can not have enough that they admire every minute and they can not wait for the next episode that they talk about 24/7. Too me and many others are this series. Lost. When you start watching, you will not have enough. The creators have done a flawless job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will not see something like that. The smart idea of ​​"flashback and flashbacks" and something important and different in each season sucks your thoughts. Would they ever create a series of "LOST"? Something so interesting and something that you will always remember. He simply stunned the world when he hit t.v. A new generation of drama / science fiction. An instant classic before it reached viewers. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you've all heard about lost and 5-star reviews, and your annoying friend who will not stop talking about it, so what's stopping you from watching? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new and just does not stop being better and better, you become more interested in what is happening, you learn things that are on the island that you would not even think about. The characters start to be very nice, and if you are the type of critic you would like to see, lost in a more detailed way, for example, how the relationships between characters develop and how they learn how to see and take challenges on the island. All this together is a great drama and a flawless series. It seems to me that we have just lost all hope that episodes will not fall down and we will not go far ... so if you do not see the lost, read the comment again in advance and you should change your mind. Seeing is faith, so unless you start watching, you'll never know. I definitely recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! start watching !!! You did not see anything until you saw LOST !!!
