start working on this film when it was made in the summer of 1990. Filmed partly at Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC, and the rest of the parts at Winston-Salem. Massive offices of RJ Reynolds have been used in several office scenes and locations in a beautiful city that is known as the tulip capital of the world of Winston-Salem! I liked my work, although it was difficult to build all sets, such as Golf in Mexico, where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went on a date. I also had a great hand in decorating the bar where Larry meets the magical bartender Mr. Destiny. I threw all these photos on the wall of sports heroes and decorated the phone booth in which Larry calls the taxi. I even put a picture of my mother at eye level so that I could freeze it and show it to her when we watched it. I remember dyeing grass in his old house with a green dye, because first he had to be upturned (it was a new house in a new building and I think that they leased it to the film) ... then I had to cut freshly laid turf to look nice ... It was difficult! When it comes to the movie, when we created it, we had no idea how it would be, but after watching it I fell in love with it because it really tells the story of "what if" as good as I've ever seen, including the great It's a great life. I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I met the great actor Michael Caine during shooting scenes in the old, smaller league pitch, in which the boys Larry's scenes were played and played. I remember that after he took the picture, he went back to his trailer, brought him down and asked for a picture, and he was quite nice and said "why not!" He is a good guy and a real natural and strong actor. I can not say the same for Jim Belushi. He was so full of himself, he smoked a large Cuban cigar and spoke loudly so everyone could hear his every word within earshot. His career never began, but recently he had a decent television career. I would say that watch this movie if you ever get a chance. It's great and really honest and true. You can feel Larry's pain after entering the new world that Destiny gives him after hitting homer, and he so desperately wants people to believe he's not the bad guy everyone thinks he is. Everyone thinks that it belongs to the nutty premises! But in the end, he wins the people, but by that time he wants to regain his real life, especially his wonderful wife, played so beautifully by Linda Hamilton ... and wants his dog to come back! So see it.
