Although the original version from 1932, with Preston Foster, was good, there are no remakes more worthy than the one from 1959 or more impossible to find anywhere, just as I suspect that Mickey Rooney had something to do with it. There has never been such a spectacular spectacle that would be so brilliant, or a scenario more provocative to think about, as well as an improvement of the original. Many years after the last of my few reviews of this film in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney talked about a visit to the death cell, which apparently dramatically eliminated the sense of personal identification that he felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was more or less as short as the main character here, and it did not include much, except to what extent his extreme disappointment with the quality of the prisoners themselves was emphasized, even in a language I would not explicitly quote here. . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not used evenly, impartially, as many innocent people are too careless and thus unnecessarily sent to meet this particular fate. Another problem I have to deal with is that it is not used quickly enough or even in public abundance! The Bible is in such cases a special point, one of the most important goals, as a deterrent, inefficiently obscured, minus, not only public viewing, but also direct participation of all! Regarding those who claim that statistically speaking, is not an effective deterrent? Apart from the fact that I have a problem with the credibility of their data, I have little, if any, objective overthrow of the doubts that many are now behind bars, due to the lack of such deterrence. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall in the "Apostole" was punished at all for his special "crime" or that the only hope for leniency for someone like him would have to be based on the Defense of "temporary madness" as if it were the only acceptable excuse in his case. . . . Apart from various other questions about Mickey Rooney's motives for this particular visit, which he talked about, and the answers I can only try to speculate on, I suspect the main one was definitely religious. I do not know exactly when he became a professing Christian, and now he makes this a special point whenever possible, to emphasize that he is; but, as everyone should be well aware, this particular category of people seems to be the most violent when it comes to eye-catching. But I have no particular contradiction about it, per se, just as there is no doubt, in a biblical way, that not everyone, and perhaps not the most, will be spared for the same final fate, by the Lord himself, as a result of his sacrifice on cross. However, for me there is a problem with the spirit or attitude with which most professed Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; for, contrary to the Lord himself, who would like to see all the saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seemed vindictive out of the way to find a reason to condemn! . . . What most people on both sides of this extremely pressing issue do not seem to appreciate enough is that the Lord is as dynamic and elusive in his nature as He is. Both sides of His nature seem inherently incompatible to make Him mentally insane, at least by any strictly human calculation. However, no matter how shockingly disproportionate it is the wonderfully dynamic mixing of water and oil in His nature, there is no doubt that everything that is in this equation, or something fanatically and characteristically, falls poorly and unacceptably bad for the whole of judicial truth. Indeed, I have seen the most bleeding desire of the same, sufficiently contradictory, too many times, whenever the custodians of the death penalty are categorically confronted, even in the most rationally balanced way, except that although the Lord died for all, not all will be saved in this way. After all, in order to receive absolution, one has to reach out and receive the same date, that is, to repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Can something make more sense? . . . But what about the commandment of the Lord to forgive, even in the case of enemies, those who despise and persecute you without just cause or provocation? One of the overwhelming difficulties with this kind of sentimentality, as it is commonly misinterpreted, is the way in which it obscures the simplification of the true meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness in itself does not mean the same as the unconditional justification of the forgiven. When someone adopts a clearly sober, rationally well-balanced view here, from the point of view of God's own attitude, everything really comes down to a passionate desire that the one who is forgiven will ultimately find his way, see the light and receive Grace. This attitude is, of course, the opposite of, say, the attitude of Jonah who actually had a grudge against it when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would lead to their penance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but they vengefully wanted them to be destroyed. How just and cold-blooded as most professing Christians were, except that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonah almost as much as he would like me! However, without the repentance of the one who has been forgiven, every forgiveness he can receive from a real Christian will do him no good. In this case, the only benefit is the true Christian himself!
