In New York, one man lives above all others, probably immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is a sworn protector of humanity, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, in the chain so that he can not enslave the human race. Well, you do not know that? The prophecy is fulfilled and Kabal releases itself and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for alchemical experiments. With the help of a police woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me thanks to the courtesy of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive collection. I have not heard about it, which is a bit strange, given that I am a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid), and the movie is not so old. But now it is mine and I can enjoy it. The film is certainly fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band provides music (which is not much different from all other scores), and Brian Thompson plays the wrong Kabala. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that most of the movie was a rip off of Dr. Strange. And the blue suit was stupid. And the holes in the story are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother yourself). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrida and Kabala look suspicious like a sickle and a hammer? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it fits the cheese. These are not complaints. Fans of the full moon began to expect these things and devour them like cracked grape nuts. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a fan of Full Moon or a Jeffrey Coms fan ... you can look elsewhere. But if you like the style of making movies and hairstyles in the early 90s, you eat it. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger may want to see Brian Thompson as a villain, who looks the same as always and is unable to pronounce English outside the third-level level. I did. I regret that there is no "Mordrid II", but the company that creates the sequel of almost everything (or "Gingerdead Man 3" is really necessary?) She passed it on.
