The film "Holly" is a story of a young girl who was sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous village of the red light "K11". In the movie, Holly is waiting for a sale for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends through gambling and bar fights. Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond with their "stubbornness", but all this is disturbed when Holly is sold to a children's dealer and disappears. As film viewers, we're pushed to chase Patrick to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is good and what is bad. "Holly" guides us through beautiful and raw Cambodia, discovering that HOLLY is not just one girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are used and broken every year without any rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than his subject may suggest, such as documentaries involving four-year-olds and sexual commerce, but he can shed significant light on the trafficking of children in Cambodia / Vietnam for prostitution. It is a moving story that helps shed light on a terrible situation in which many children face each other and try to trust and understand what is good and bad. <br /> <br /> Patrick, a movie antagonist, is an American dealer of stolen artifacts who also loses money and friends while playing cards and entering a bar battle. While traveling on his motorcycle, the fuel ends and he is forced to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay, he meets Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and is abducted and prostituted. Holly and Patrick start their friendship and trust. He discovers a clever, stubborn girl under external trauma and is determined to save her - although their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet. When he suddenly disappears, he begins the journey to track her down, not wondering if he can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly is able to escape on the way to another brothel as he jumps from a truck and falls into a field filled with mines. The cow sets off the mine, and the truck driver thinks he's dead, so Holly stays alone. During Patrick's journey, to find a holly, he meets a social worker who tries to reason with him and shares with him facts that haunt the region of Cambodia. The idea of ​​paying for its freedom simply drives demand, explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," she says, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​taking her to a safe place quickly ceases to exist when a social worker tells him that the US will not allow him to adopt, and although the "saving" of the child takes five minutes, re-integrating it takes five years to society. The information does not affect Patrick and he continues to search for Holly. <br /> <br /> Then the audience is shown that Holly goes to a small town and feeds on food with other homeless children. Then he befriends local policemen who, with the badge, seem a little better than criminals when they sell her to another brothel, and then enter into a deal with a Vietnamese businessman who then takes her virginity. Holly then seems to think it's her destiny, and when Patrick finally finds her, she is ready "yum yum" and "bum bum" by her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but he is not deterred by his plan to take her out of this world. In the end, he steals her and brings her to a safe land in the comfort of a social worker. Holly gets fresh clothes if she feeds and brings to dance classes, but she is not allowed to see Patrick. This intense longing for the friendship of Patrick escapes from the safe home and returns to the streets of Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick deals with the decision to leave the country and escape to the United States or to stay in Cambodia. His thoughts go back to Holly and during a bar visit; an older man sees a photo that he holds and comments on his sexual appetite when he's having sex with her. It enrages Patrick, who hits a man and runs out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick is caught by the police in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" can make the audience want to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of these poor young people and even campaigns to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the film's dramatic weaknesses can reduce its chances of being seen by a sufficient number of people to change something. Generally, I think the concept is better as a document and it was not as moving as a movie. Actors have done a great job showing their raw emotions and real confusion among young people who are affected by this lifestyle, but in the end the harsh lifestyle in the region and the desperate images of parents who sell their children to maintain their own hunger do nothing to help the situation of children.
