After having enjoyed this show for years, I dream about seeing it again and sharing it with my grandchildren. I am very happy that I can pay a small amount for the memories I have found recorded on DVD. Florida was an attentive mother with a loving hard-working husband, one spoiled by a beautiful daughter and two sons as different as day and night. Michael, the little son is a walker, and JJ is a clown. I know that many African Americans did not like this series, but I know that many people can agree with it and should accept it. My heart felt sad when I learned that Ester Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is now a leading writing actor, and I support his work, but not so much because in one of his plays he did such a cruel mockery of Rolle. No one should hear ugly things about physical appearance. The show became less and less interesting when my father James died. It happened a bit when Florida remarried, but it broke down when the absence of the show took place. All in all the show was great and again I'm happy that I have copies of parts of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the old Good Times stars and I have to say that they are one group that has not been erased from rumors. I think that today's children will enjoy this show and I have no problem with sitting and watching with children. Congratulations to the writer, film crew and stars for years of renewing memories of the times that I can enjoy again without having to avoid scenes. <br /> <br /> OK, so I watch programs over and over again. Recently I noticed something that made me think about the series, but I do not like them. I think that Florida was a bit harsh when it came to money that the children earned. It is not that the children did not need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes the motherhood of Florida different. The scenes in which Florida had to talk about how other people do not look too good are tormenting me now. When James lived, the show became a great work for James, who wanted to have his own Fix-it store, but he never got his family out of projects, but Florida marries someone who owns a fix store. A bit of a blow to the face for an actor who should have finished his time in "Good times", showing that he achieved everything he wanted. Finally, when I watch the shows, I see that the series goes into overtime and is renamed "JJ". Tell you the truth, after James left everything, focused mainly around JJ. It is not a bad thing, just a noticeable thing. I would not exchange my DVDs for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
