When people think about downtown Chicago, they think about Walter Payton, Ditce and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox breaking the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and final MVPs) from the Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation, people think about the difficult side of Chicago, ghettos, drug streets and living in urban housing projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most powerful television programs in history and groundbreaking sitcoms was "Good Times", which I remember as a small child in CBS, and now I'm happy regularly on TV Land. <br/> <br /> "Good Times" is another Norman Lear classic, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best African sitcom of all time and "All in the Family" the greatest program of all time. "Good times" showed the hardships of the ghetto and urban housing projects, and they did it with grace, well-written and thoughtful conspiracies, as well as miraculous activities especially from the matriarch and patriarch of this fighting ghetto family played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children in the cast were also pretty good, especially popular Janet Jackson in her early years, and Ralph Carter as Florida and James Evans, the youngest son whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and needs to learn to become their own two feet . <br /> <br /> The oldest of JJ's children played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat out of place in this concert and is mainly due to the comic relief. His emotional age is around 11 or 12 years, although he looks like a guy in his twenties. J.J. annoying, and this is due to the often nasty James Evans (Amos) that he never says J.J. get your own life, get a job and leave the house. J.J. he is a beginner painter, but unlike his younger brother, he never thinks seriously about obtaining a university degree, and more importantly, about getting a job by a family to support a household that is just above the status of well-being. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes of Good Times was the one in which the character Janet Jackson has a fever of 104 times, and Florida Evans desperately looking for good medical help for her, who can not afford anything but a clinic doctor who is very professional, but I do not want to give family projects more attention than it has legally. The second episode is one in which James Evans can not afford rent for $ 104 a month. The Evans are going to get the biggest from family failures, thrown out of projects, without where to go. Florida Evans goes to a social services center to get a loan or grant to help the family. But the government does not consider its family poor because it has more than $ 4,200 in wealth for a family of five who is unjustly but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and the children want to get money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, no matter how terrible their location is. In the end, the family finds a solution to keep their head above the surface of the water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" is a classic show from the 70s, which consists of holding you over your head in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans work hard in difficult jobs, trying to raise their children properly and avoid the social stigma of well-being. I was too young to understand the message of a sitcom as a kid in the '70s in my first program at CBS, but I'm really happy about TV Land's replays in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic comedy series of the past day.
