Forbidden Planet is a kind of science fiction, which is valuable in the cinema, especially since the 1950s. She was "The Day the Earth Stood Still" and "War of the Worlds", but not to forget this jewel that took part of its history from the Shakespeare Storm to tell the story of astronauts on a planet with a doctor who made an extraordinary breakthrough. This is a kind of breakthrough that is not so amazing when it comes to watching (though in 1956 it looks amazing, looking at some of these sets and this gigantic machine that a doctor creates), but with an emphasis on heroes and their themes technology too far advanced by the more primitive side of human nature, even if we do not know that we are directing it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - that is, in the first ten minutes - it looks normal if it was a little more professional and directed with better skills than the B films from that period. The astronaut ship has a mission to the planet Altair-4 to restore an expedition that disappeared decades earlier. But only Dr Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter remain, who somehow resisted the attack that caused the deaths of everyone else. Morbius seems to be a cordial and very intelligent man, and his technology seems so impressive that the only thing that astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think about, then report it to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - something kills the ship's crew members one by one each night, even when others watch and then place an invisible electric fence, which invisible easily passes through. In the meantime, there is some romance between Skipper and Alrairi, and the doctor has a more insistent atmosphere: you should not have come to the planet to get started, and now you have to go. What is happening is even more fascinating, only at a purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that this audience should be entertained with this story, at the same time getting useful ideas. While everyone remembers Robbie, and for a reason, perhaps the most unforgettable picture for me is a monster realized on a screen with a crew shooting unsuccessfully, animated red electricity and looking so beastly that it looks like Fantasia. br /> <br /> Pidgeon's acting is subtle: you would not expect him to be a villain, although there is something in character and in a performance that appeals to it, and finally makes the character far more complex than one would expect . Other performances are busy, but also excellent, from Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman, providing a great comic relief as Cook (which, I should add, helps in one of the funniest scenes in the movie with these gallons bourbon Robbie). The effects of this time are extraordinary (refined in a nostalgic way for today), and music, made by electronics, is beautiful in its "shades." But ultimately, this scenario and cautious direction from Hilcox puts it at a higher level than the rest of the B movie. When it's supposed to be fun, it's purposeful and works. When it is dramatically, it combines quite well even in rigid moments with the actors. And when we are to think about a terrible situation, it appears gradually, with nuances, not pushed into our faces or subjected to mega action. <br /> <br /> Inspiration for many other science-fiction movies, and a great marker of thought-out science fiction stories and books from centuries ago, is a classic and entertaining classic.
