At the outset, I should say that there are many, many things that I love in the Forbidden Planet, and I certainly consider it a "classic" science-fiction movie for many reasons. But in my opinion the worship that has been received over the years is slightly worse. No less authority than Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of this genre." Ambitious? Without a doubt. Intelligent? It depends on what part of the movie you're talking about. Certainly it was the most prestigious and highly budgeted science-fiction movie up to this point. At nearly $ 2 million (it was in 1956, remember), MGM stopped to create a dazzling, stunning adventure in space, unlike anything previously seen on the big screen, even employing Disney artists for some of the more sophisticated special effects. "Cute" is usually not the word used to describe special effects in science-fiction movies, but that seems the most appropriate here. Even the frightening "Monster from the Id" is just a well-rendered cartoon character created by Disney people, unlikely to scare anyone over the age of 8. When I see different sets and take into account the artistic project, models, costumes, etc., nothing reminds me of the "Wizard of Oz", with its wonderfully saturated colors and sophisticated, if not always convincing effects. So much work has been put into these films that he is willing to smile with admiration, regardless of the effort. "Forbidden Planet" is wonderful. The scenes take place on obvious stage scenes that are fabulously decorated, with matte murals of planets and space in the background, and intricately designed miniature sand dunes and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most sophisticated stage play you've ever seen. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably those inside the massive Kreller complex, where shots showing the immense depth and width of this inner space are well made and reliable. But then we reach the actors, fuck it. The performances are almost uniformly awful, although in fairness it must be said that dialogue almost never goes beyond the level of humor of teenagers in the locker room, with the exception of some fragments of a barely adequate scientific technique. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is limited to giving such achievements, sometimes he is miserable. Very young Leslie Nielsen as commander of the space ship J.J. Adams, and does not convey an ounce of credibility or belief throughout the movie. He seems instinctively aware, thirty years before the time, that his real forte "lay in comedy, because there are times when he can barely keep his face straight by reciting his lines. Every forced response, regardless of whether it is anger, passion or solemn meditation, looks good from high school. Anne Francis, also very young, is doing a little better than the supposedly innocent Alta, whom we believe she has never seen a man other than her father until the crew of the spacecraft appears. (Alta Morbius, now the name is for you.) Unfortunately, even at this young age Anne Francis seems as virginal and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8." There is a good story here, buried somewhere under the comments of crew members about Alta and one more minor topic regarding Earl Holliman's "Cookie". (Holliman also has a terrifying performance, I guess all these actors have gone straight from this movie to acting school). they left what most people remember about "Forbidden Planet" and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the movie and be a dazed concept of Disney artists in the Krell underground complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the film's disadvantages? You must decide for yourself. And of course, there's Robby the Robot, a ten-year-old from the '50s who knows how a robot should look and talk. He is funny. In places. Forbidden Planet is a very, very VERY mixed bag for me. It deserves recognition for the inspiration for the whole wave of science-fiction movies and television programs that have taken place, including "Star Trek." But I would suggest that anyone who thinks that it is more than a well-directed science-fiction comic book, come back and watch it again.
