When you think about science fiction movies from the 1950s, you think about black and white B movies that were parodied in the old TV program Mystery Science Theater 3000. Although there were many more movies, such as Plan 9 from space and Robot Monster than good movies, the 1950s had some very good, if not great science fiction movies like The Day The Earth Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of The Snatchers, War of the Worlds and The Thing From Another World . However, the best of this group, due to her literacy skills, was undoubtedly the first major MGM expedition to science fiction on level A, Forbidden Planet, published in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film directed by Fred M. Wilcox, which at that time contained the latest special effects and was equipped with a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume from the screen movie called Fatal Planet, authored by Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted the aspects of Storm William Shakespeare. > <br /> The movie was shot when it was released, due to the special effects nominated for the Oscar, all electronic music by Louis and Bebe Barron (although it was considered electronic to avoid fees for the guild music), live matte images - inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), which was animated by animator Joshua Meador, loaned from the Walt Disney studio. Even more known was the performance of Robby The Robot in his first role in film or television. He later appeared in the movie The Invisible Boy - included on this DVD as a bonus, and in several performances in the science fiction series from the 60s. The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - whose own robot is often lost and appearance in an episode in the 1984 Gremlins movie. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but elegantly constructed and full of humor, except that it enchants the forced "love story" in the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer, commanded by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he was once the leading type of man before the days of his police force), is on his way to the planet Altair IV, to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew, sent to the planet twenty years earlier. After a year's trip, they meet a solitary survivor from the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), philosopher Prospero, his wonderful blond daughter Altair (Anne Francis) - a figure of Miranda in a miniskirt from the 1960s and Robby the Robot, a domestic servant who is equivalent to Calibanian. Morbius warns the crew against the mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in the first year, yet was immune to it? In general, it's a good film - especially with some back projections and dull paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to exploits of Timmy and Robby borders Dalian's surrealistic absurdity. However, it is obvious that the filmmakers did not have the sense of sublime absurdity that the film evokes because it plays simply, making it even more fun. What's the main function? The forbidden planet deserves all recognition. This is not a perfect movie, but it is a great way to spend a few hours and much better than Star Wars, which although made twenty years later, seem much more obsolete and underage. Only such films as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two films of the Terminator really match or surpass this classic depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing, despite the ban on the "Happy ending" of the planet, there is also the possibility that MOTI is still sleeping in Alta. After all, she is the daughter of her father and she had an even more nightmare than her father when MOTI attacked the ship a second time. In addition, the film wisely "shows" only MOTI and never shows Krel, because the imagination can always evoke more horror than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the story, something that can not do much more realistic artistic films. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that define, but go beyond the era - unlike other sci fi films that were rather obvious allegories of the Cold War. Watch this and you will agree, and also a little less sleep. But even if you do not do it, the Anne Francis skinnydipping scene is still there. Only it is timeless.
