The forbidden planet is a turning point in science fiction, carefully staying in the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it), while playing with images and ideas of modern values ​​from the 1950s. The isolated house of Morbius is a model of modern design with open spaces that overlook the carved gardens, swimming pool and the best household appliance: Robby the Robot. "The housewife's dream!" Calls the captain after lunch and demonstrating the robot's ability to synthesize food and waste. <br /> <br /> We also discover the 1950s: Fruedian psychology raises his head in explaining Id, although Morbius rejects it as an obsolete concept. In battle with an invisible monster and life aboard the saucer is a bit of a war drama in the Pacific. Perhaps the most current is the post-atomic fear that Science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unwittingly bring destruction to blind pursuit of knowledge. <br /> <br /> However, the suburban drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems exceptionally fresh in the sci-fi genre. They are not conquerors or heroes, but ordinary sailors crossing the galaxy with the brutality and integrity of a soldier. Good guys drive a flying saucer, and aliens are so long gone that we do not even know what they look like - although their music - "mood tonal" Bebe and Louis Barron are today extremely futuristic. The views from the Morbius house are really alien with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The inside of the saucer is on this side, Buck Rogers. It is very visually pleasing. Although we have fantastic monsters and robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a brain movie, slow and talkative. It works on many levels simultaneously: hard sci-fi against space adventure, philosophical against home. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban accents. Despite all their space talk, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. Morbius's mortal discovery is a modest educational institution, a school building. The most interesting figure is the daughter of Morbius Altair. Never seeing a man, he shamelessly goes to the crew. She is a post-Madonna teenager who designs her own clothes from the space age and uses every opportunity to change her clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a home replicator. Men watching a movie may see her as a naive girl in a minidress, but every woman knows that there is no such thing as a naive girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves more recognition for Leut's humiliation with kisses. Unfortunately, we will never know if she "worked" on him as he suspected, because the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention. This is a character who makes an important change in the film. Shocked at the fact that her father compares the deceased Doctor to other "embeciles" in his scout, he turns away from his father, home, to go with the sailors to Earth. It is an act of rebellion, a maturity that sends Morbius Id's culture abroad, allegorically destroying its creator, like thousands of centuries before in Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell also had teenage daughters ...?
