The only thing I knew about this movie is seeing Robby The Robot. My view was that it was another of a long series of bad science fiction movies to which the '50s were recorded. How wrong I was. A large studio, big budget and high production values ​​make it a strong rival, at least visually, for the best science fiction film coming out of the era. I qualify for the word visually, because "War Of The Worlds" is much darker and more frightening than "Forbidden Planet" and probably fits the form better as a trip to foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me was immediately the color cast of cinematography, and then the complexity and range of details related to the home and laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But it was only an introduction to the icing on the cake, the labyrinthine underworld that served as the Krells stronghold. It turned out that Krell's technology was even more advanced than saying "Star Wars." What made me wonder, the audience of the film, when it was released, probably sat in the same horror as the theater viewers experienced in 1977 with SW, or in 1986 with "Aliens". Watching it on the big screen TV in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm quite immune to hyperbole. <br /> <br /> Imagining the "Forbidden Planet" as the direct predecessor of the TV series "Star Trek"; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had a great impact on his vision of the series. Proponents of this short series easily recognize the story elements used here that appeared in "Star Trek". I had to make a double test when the people from United Planets Cruiser C57-V went to the transporters' hall, while the riddle presented to Robby that caused the inability to answer was an element used at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> Where the movie definitely came to mind, it had to do with the whole idea of ​​"Id monsters". The fact that Morbius himself used his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when every other science fiction movie had to do with Martians or other grotesque cosmic creatures. The film worked on this subtle magic, helping me to understand that Morbius was the defender of Altaire IV, before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained this. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, year 2200 is not so far away. This film can be the one who actually does it in relation to exploration and life on other planets. However, I think they will have to come up with a more elegant version of Robby.
