I'm always so frustrated that most science fiction movies are really intergalactic westerns or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which are visually brilliant, have one of their central images, a futuristic "gang that can not shoot straight." Imagine that you have encountered about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them have open shots and longings. <br /> <br /> I have read a lot of science fiction and I would like thinking to be more for many people. Forbidden Planet, one of the earliest species, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization, Krell, who created machines that could increase the intelligence of every creature through quantum jumps. Unfortunately, they did not negotiate that the brain is the center of other thoughts than intellectual ones. The primitive aspect of the brain, Id, as Freud called it, may remain unchecked. It is released in a dream, a bad dream comes to bodily existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who raised his brain to this level, and with it he built machines and defense systems that keep him just a step ahead of the horrors of his own mind. His thoughts cause horrors, which soon will not be able to defend. Krell, a much better genre, could not stop him; he destroyed them. The reconnaissance has never been very interesting to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would have caused a lot of reaction in an adolescent man from the fifties. His father's anger worsens her innocence and wolf astronauts from the 1950s (because they are more like building workers than real astronauts). They always try to come up with a "lady". The cook is a great character, with his obsession with hoocha. Robbie's robot has a lot more personality than most of the crew, and one wonders if Mr. Spock can be a soul mate in the literal thinking of this artificial creation. The whole film is very satisfying because the situation is a star. Morbius can not turn back, so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are several science fiction movies that are worth seeing more than once; this is what can reach the 21st century.
