I think "Anyway ..." is a great movie. Really. Tom Bartender spent years doing this and he shows: every scene is refined, makes sense ... I think most agree with it. One thing that many people criticize is the "lack of" history. I am afraid that this is the result of the fact that we are constantly overwhelmed by the "traditional" story. I mean what you can achieve with a book you can not achieve with the film, what you can achieve with the movie, you can not achieve it by talking about your buddy. The problem is that we're so used to movies, series ... to be just a filmed version of the story; a visual record of events - just like watching news - we expect every movie to have this epic character: a strong storyline with many amazing events. I emphasize the idea of ​​"extraordinary events": most people watch news, movies, series, ... very unusual things, situations once in a lifetime. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are extraordinary events, but not in the same way "Hollywood explosion": the guy is released, connects back, the car is stolen ... and of course very ordinary things. And it's strong: just being able to appreciate all this, this universe is art. I agree that, above all, what can be achieved only in films, the atmosphere created by the score and photography. But not as in traditional visual films (visual hits such as the Matrix); it serves the heroes and remains profoundly human. I mean, in every shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And there is no point in this film, how to "learn" something about us; and there is not a great story to tell with awesome twists and turns. It simply shows everyday people with everyday life, shows the city, all with its good and bad sides and says: it's us, this is our city, this life, let's enjoy it. Essentially, "Anyway ..." is not just this super groovy movie, but it also has a much stronger "message" (it is not clear, maybe it is not even intended) than most movies, how it really intends to convey the message. One drawback: now we will have to wait five years to see the next photo of Bartender and everyone will expect it ...
