WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirek and released in 1956, resembles all of Sirk's films from the mid-1950s - pure melodrama. However, it is an engaging, richly developed melodrama, expressive colorist expressionism characteristic of Sirk, pulsing, scarcely suppressed emotions, symbolism and a combination of classes that make this film desirable. four central characters and the story being introduced as credits continue to roll. Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to take us into his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are wonderful as two "kids" Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. He drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions thanks to Hadley's oil business. Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), clumsy, but poor, is a lifelong friend to Kyle and a lover of Marylee's dreams. Come into this dingy mess of Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim, attractive young woman who catches Kyle's charm after picking up the phone and going through the village one evening. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins her. They get married quickly and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be written in the wind, and not long after Marylee escaped (who "will have Mitch", marriage or no marriage), secretly struck by Mitch, confused Lucy and sad drunk Kyle will come to a blow. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is simply wonderful as Marylee Hadley, deserving of an Oscar for the best supporting role. He steals every scene he's in. The stack is almost as good, amplifying the melodrama while maintaining subtle and quiet desperation. Hudson and Bacall are much more reserved than the two, but it's consistent with the character they play. <br /> <br /> So what's up with this melodrama? Well, many things. A powerful portrait of male ineptitude and fear, first of all. Sirk surrounds Sterta with phallic symbols throughout the film - note his tiny weapon, oil drills and the ultimate phallic symbol, Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. Stack seems to be suffering from a huge male complex of superiority, deepened by Hudson's father's preferences, his sister's desire for Hudson and his suspicion that his wife runs Hudson. With all this wealth Kyle Hadley is still ending up at the bad end of the city, buying cheap corn alcohol like "bum". <br /> <br /> It's about impossible dreams and their release. The river, in which Kyle, Marylee and Mitch played when they were children, is constantly mentioned throughout the film, symbolizing Kyle's and (especially) Marylee's innocence and simplicity of youth. In a perfect melodramatic scene, perfectly composed by Malone, Marylee stands by the river and imagines herself as a child, with Mitch's teacher who tells Marylee that he will always be his girlfriend. At this point, Sirk strikes the viewer with a huge emotional chord. Who has not dreamed of returning to this unique place in childhood? Who at one point did not live in precious memory? Who did not want something that he could not have? And the last line of Hudson's film (yes, there is no dialogue in the last 10 minutes, only approximations) reminds us how "we came far from the river, Marylee". Amazing.
