Director Douglas Sirk once said that "between high art and garbage is a very small distance, and garbage, which contains madness, are therefore very similar to art." This statement perfectly describes his cinema, a very unique collection of works, including classic stage adaptations, adventure and war movies, westerns and of course his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirka's melodramas were, like the same word, music dramas. Music sets the tone for his masterful style, and every stroke of the brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful picture on the rotated canvas screen. But this is not life, but its representation, imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, just the opposite. None of the directors of his generation have used better all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (in particular Technicolor) to distinguish between artificial and real. Let us remember that its golden period coincides with the time in which Hollywood films drew attention to social drama (Blackboard jungle, Rebel without a cause). Sirk always knew that cinema was to be something else. <br /> <br /> Sirka's next statement sums up: "You can not reach or touch the real one. You just see the reflections. If you try to capture happiness, your fingers meet only with glass. " I oppose anyone who has seen Written in the wind to count the number of mirrors and images that appear on the screen. One ends with resignation. <br /> <br /> That is why we are in a room full of mirrors, where there is no difference between the real one and her false copy. No one can say that Hadley are real people. This city is not real either, with these horrible oil pumps around the world. So in this area the action is disturbed, the decore is false, the trick is visible. Everything is a bit far from the limit (for example, the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the oil tower). Sirk simultaneously criticized and theorized. <br /> <br /> `Angles are the director's thoughts; lighting is his philosophy. " In "Written in the wind" we follow the fall of the traditional way of life both geometrically and in terms of light and shadow. Hadleys' house with different levels connected by spiral stairs works in a strictly metaphorical way. A house reminiscent of a mausoleum, which no party can cheer up. As the tragedy changes from bright daylight into a dark night, Sirka's photography becomes an extension of his inner form, just like the colors of the clothes they wear. The drama is thus included in every element in the service of the director's craft. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a "history bender" because he bored the standard material he was assigned to his style and purpose. A good example is written in the wind. It would not work in any other hand. <br /> <br /> Another director who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who in the 1950's comedy was the same as Sirk's for melodrama. Their films are full of machinery of American life - advertising, televisions, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to show emptiness and decay. I am inclined to think that their films were seen in a different way by their contemporary audience. The game was played on both sides, so it was a camp. Now we consider them to be "cult" or "weird" because we are not these viewers anymore. That is why the tribute to Todd Haynes "Far from Heaven" turns into a pastiche because he now plays the work of Sirk these days, as if nothing happened. Then Sirk changes exactly to the picture hanging in the art gallery about which Julianne Moore and the gardener are discussing in the movie. <br /> <br /> Sirk understood perfectly the elements of melodrama. There were always static characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here), against which he could make a series of separated. His balance through antithesis is extraordinary and it is no wonder that we have taken root in divided forms, because these are the ones that Sirk is also interested in. When Robert Stack flies by plane and "tempts" Lauren Bacall with all the mundane comforts of the world under them (obvious echoes of the Fausts), we are also fascinated by him, just like us, when the devilish nymphomaniac hurts her past Mitch by the river. <br /> <br /> In the world of Sirka, the studio often imposed "happy ends" has no negative impact. In fact, they just worked great. Sirk liked the Greek tragedy and considered the happy ending of Deux from the machine of his time. So the final scene of the courtroom fits well and you also have to remember that the whole film is told in flashbacks, so from the very beginning we know that the tragedy will fall despite Hadley's feud. <br /> <br /> There are many similarities between Written on the Wind and the Godfather saga. I absolutely agree and I am sure that parallelism is not accidental. Both share the motive of the old, powerful father's head, trying to maintain his empire while protecting his family. This temperamental son introduced by Robert Stack has an amazing physical resemblance to Sonny Corleone Jimmy Caan. Fighting with your sister's friend is symmetrical. The non-son in whom the old man trusted is also common in both films, as both families bear the names of their city. Even details, such as the gate that gives access to the property, and the surroundings of the house covered with leaves, suggest that Coppola wrote on Wichu when setting his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the subject of power: gaining power, manipulation and legacy (even Kyle Hadley's infertility, an event that accelerates confusion, is a matter easily related to the main theme of power, in this case weakness in sexual power). Another great movie that deals with power and uses American life as a representation is Citizen Kane. At first he would not have thought about the similarities between Welles and Sirk's films, but there are many of them, starting with the gas industry as the source of the family fortune, and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), as Charles Foster Kane, was accepted by the teacher, living with his own father. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) performs both Wayne's and Kane's fathers. This detail can not be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Written on the Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in performance and vision, in style and technique, a distinction in the career of this wonderful director. Some say it's his best movie. In my opinion, "A great obsession", "Everything that the sky allows", "It's always tomorrow" and "Imitation of life" are just as good. And for those who have placed Sirka at the Dallas or Dinasty level, I do not wish them a happy end.
