I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling film festival. To notice the remarks of the previous reviewer, the claustrophobic feelings and colors of the film are quite intentional and convey a sense of limited space, gray architecture, general grayness, which is the urban environment of most people in Central and Eastern Europe. The somewhat dirty style of a housing project is what I would describe, and so many people live on the outskirts of larger cities. I can not say that I know Bucharest in Romania, where the action has developed, but I have visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for the semester, all my group had to drag their luggage seven floors up the stairs of the destroyed student dorm building, as did the heroine when she moved in with the woman because the elevators did not work. But I agree with the reviewer that claustrophobia and subdued colors are exaggerated, because there are, of course, beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that can be found in Bucharest or any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest has not won too many recordings including film. For me, watching this movie well reflects the claustrophobia that I would feel during my six-month stay, feeling trapped and limited. (It makes you see why someone would like to emigrate and find a better life, just like people, if they hope to escape the American urban ghetto.) <br /> <br /> Also, given the climate of homophobia, let's say ok., in the US in the eighties, two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love in a very private matter; hence the concentration on their interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> It is extraordinary and praiseworthy, in my opinion, that this strange thematic film was made even in Romania, and the complaint of the previous reviewer on this poor film was quite uninformed and condescending. It is unlikely that the director and producer have beaten a lot of government support and funding for their film, and they did everything they could with probably limited resources. The actors were quite good and credible; the dialogue was generally well done and I could identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an additional turn against the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, a energetic, fun-loving free spirit with a dark, disturbing secret (her admiration and love for abusive, incestuous brother Sandu) falls in love in Aleksander, a bright, bookish, idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to begin her studies. Opposites attract, and their personalities complement each other, although there is some tension between the ambitious, careful, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seems to attend college to please their parents. Keeping their love hidden from their parents seems to be manageable, although we do not feel the tension it requires, nor do we see or meet other students - it's hard to believe - and the tension holding their secret of love has dragged behind me. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and her difficulty in trying to touch her relationship to him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the strength she needs to finally touch this bond or not? This is the focus of the film's tension when the narrative unfolds, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love "illness" is not love for another woman, but her illegal, incestuous love for her brother. Thus, loving a woman gives a potential cure for the disease of loving siblings. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is stifling and claustrophobic, it is excessively limited to the interaction between Kiki and Aleksandra, he was still addictive and moved to watch, so I will give him 7.
