At the Academy Awards Ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for the stormy, over-creative creation of the pampered heiress of the Texas oil mogul in WRITTEN ON THE WIND. Potboiler from 1956, adapted from the novel by Robert Wilder, was a real circus with three rings, presenting alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> The performance of Malone as Marylee Hadley, a lonely rich girl who takes men to relieve the pain of rejection from her beloved childhood, was representative of the film as a whole. WRITTEN ON THE WIND is a mesmerizing experience when she resorts to the melodrama of the "lowest common denominator." Ultimately, this is the work of one man, an incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, an emigrant from the pre-war Weimar war in Germany who left the European theater heritage associated with his Hollywood career. <br /> <br /> An extremely erudite man, Sirk made a name for himself in the 1950s as a reliable director of Universal Studios in sumptuous soap operas, especially in the productions of Ross Hunter's GREAT OBSESSION, ALL THAT ALLOWS DANGER AND THE IMITATION OF LIFE. The independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirka the opportunity to work beyond the limitations of Universal's entertainment and create a more adult, sensational product, hence the sultry WIND and its continuation, TARNISHED ANGELS from 1957, both released under Universal International. One can guess why Sirk did not pursue more lofty themes, but apparently directing these exaggerated dramas was more in line with his artistic sensitivity. WRITTEN ON THE WIND can be considered an epic soap opera by Sirka; indeed, he is so rich in human defenselessness and neurosis, as the very rich show, that he is just as persuasive as any real home argument between the rich and the celebrities, maybe even more. Robert Stack (he is not an actor usually known for excessive emotions) almost matches the intensity of Malone thanks to his weak brother Kyle Hadley, the usual shadow of his patriarchal father. When she learns that she is unable to impregnate her new fiancée (beautifully leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley comes out of the deep end, escalating the serious problem of drinking with a "secret" fetish weapon that threatens to become a human time bomb. Both brother and sister, as they are unkind and unlike themselves, are depicted as victims of their past, giving them a human trait that makes them seem less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family mainly Bacall and the unbelievably handsome Rock Hudson, an old friend and co-worker of the young boy Hadley, the replacement son of an old man and Malone's unattainable object of desire.) Despite all the home interdependence at the exhibition, it's not just history, but a real swing to painting composition and editing , director Sirk draws the audience into this picture with the most sophisticated Technicolor movie imaginable: every single shot in this movie is a saturated canvas of saturated colors from a view reminiscent of a pink Cadillac tank extending to the huge door of the mansion, in the bright decor of a luxury hotel in Miami, spectr um shades almost dazzling their diversity. dramatic scenes use Sirk's skilful use of inclined camera angles, shadow lighting and cross-sectional assembly, shown with the greatest effect in a scene where rebellious drunk Malone dances smoothly in his bedroom upstairs to loudly pitch the turntable when her touched father unsteadily climbs on a huge staircase; the stage is so fascinating that you swear that you are experiencing a great oedipal drama. What you really see is an extremely funny cream, drawn into Technicolor lurid and refined to perfection by a visual genius.
