I first watched this movie after it was published in 1987. I was very emotionally affected by combining guilt with what my white-haired colleagues could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to truly examine these atrocities against man. /> <br /> Particularly moving was the funeral of Steve Biko, who became even more alive and striking in the South African hymn played at the time. I have long believed that this film has achieved what no one else has been able to do - open the world's eyes to what really happened in South Africa. I consider myself a normally thinking person and I can confirm that this film has changed my way of thinking not only about South Africa, but about how we, as white people, perceive Black people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or denomination, but after watching this movie, I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a mostly black country and helping many people to exceed the current standard of living and achieve what they would not think. The biggest reward I can honestly have received - to be able to say that in my own way I have contributed and made some balance. If, however, more people would think like me and actually WERE something to help Black people without looking for a prize, the whole black population on this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I challenge every thinking person to watch Cry Freedom from beginning to end and do not feel how emotions tug at your heart when you witness brutally shot 700 students in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans, senseless murder Steve ' and Biko, that master of the rights of her people, and then finally, the understanding that all this is not just a movie, though great, but that it really happened and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie, and then see if you can leave later and have fun. I could not. I was too upset about learning the truth. It's a feature of a great movie. Certainly Sir Richard Attenborough's intention was to give this message to South Africa. Of course he achieved it. Unless you happen to support apartheid. May God help you.
