What a great movie. I admit that this is a very ambitious issue. A little over two and a half hours is also a very long film. However, none of these indicators is defective in any way. Cry Freedom, despite the small flaws he may have, is a powerful, moving and fascinating movie about the story of black activist Steve Biko in his efforts to revive South Africa into the horror of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the other half in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the film suffers from too many Woods, not Biko. Perhaps I'm wrong, but even though it's Biko's story, it's from Woods' perspective, so Woods is an important figure in conveying Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom visually looks amazing. Thanks to the impressive cinematography and the stunning South African scenery, it was a visual feast. Especially the opening scenes were perfectly filmed. George Fenton's music brought the real dramaturgy of most of the scenes. It was subtle in the scenes in the second half, but moving and dramatic in the crowd scenes. The script was of exceptional quality, the courtroom scene of Biko was enough to really make you think that it's real quality. The first half of Biko, as the main focus, always had something emotional, whether it was a police attack on South Africans or the death of Biko. The other half, entirely devoted to Donald Woods, brings with it less emotional impact, but it is compensated by how it is filmed, executed and written. There are also parts that are really uncertain. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional from the entire cast, from the smallest character to two, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accents they are, but it is so easily forgiven by how much you are attracted by performances. Denzel Washington, in one of his more down under performances, gives a really impressive performance as Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be as good in the drama as he did in comedy because he gave a subtle performance that suits Washington. The chemistry of two men is reliable and never misses a false note. Penelope Wilton is as beautiful as Donald Wendy's wife, and besides, she is a great actress. Apart from accompanying performances, and there may be some prejudices, two stand out for me. One of them was Timothy West, who enjoys the role of Captain DeWet. Another was John Thaw in the brilliantly cool role of Kruger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, a really great movie. Ambitious and long, it never ceases to be convincing, powerful and moving. Determined winner from Lord Richard Attenborough and deserving much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
