"A true story of friendship that shook South Africa and woke up the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted to revive the story of Steve Biko, as well as the journey and troubles that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told. The films use two Wood books as information and basics - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble". <br /> <br /> The movie takes place at the end of the seventies, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of a terrible apartheid that keeps blacks separated from whites and classifies whites as a higher race. Negroes are forced to live in poverty districts on the outskirts of towns and cities, and the police and army often harass them. We were shown a raid at dawn in the district of poverty, when bulldozers and armed police wade through the camp, beating and even killing the inhabitants. Then we meet Donald Woods (Kevin Kline) who is the editor of a popular newspaper. After publishing a negative story about the black activist Stevie Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods meets him. At the beginning, they are both afraid, but soon they become good friends, and Biko shows the horror of the apartheid system from the Black's point of view on Woods. This encourages Woods to speak out against what's going on around him and makes him desperately want to get Steve Biko's story out of the clutches of white South Africa and the world. Soon Steve Biko is arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family dare to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Cry Freedom" for the first time, I was under the impression that it was a movie entirely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I never heard of Steve Biko before I saw this movie because the events in this movie were really in front of my time. But it's more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border to Lesotho when he tried to sneak out to South African officials. Woods was arrested five years after Steve Biko was arrested. To publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered a betrayal in South Africa, and this could have caused Woods to face a fate similar to Biko's fate. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants for this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is only in the movie for the first hour and I was disappointed because I was expecting him to see the movie all the time. But he was as amazing as Steve Biko and he captured his personality from what I read really well, and his accent sounded perfect. His performance brought him an Oscar nomination for the best supporting actor. Kevin Kline provides excellent and evocative performances like Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is great as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Photos were taken in Zimbabwe because it does not need to be added that problems arose when they tried to film it in southern Africa. Being in South Africa, the South African Gestapo followed the film crew around the world, so they had bad vibes and went instead to go to neighboring Zimbabwe. After all, and the fact that apartheid did not end until seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But the cinemas showing the film received bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with enormous strength and determination. He does not refrain from the end of the film, when he shows what was supposed to be a peaceful protest of students in poverty, turns into a massacre when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all opponents of apartheid who died in prison and explanations of their death. Many had "no explanation". Many of them are "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many others fell from the top of the stairs or was "hanging from a suicide". No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it's fair to say that none of these people died of their own hands, but from the hands of others; or more precisely, at the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a movie that must be seen to show his story and the story of Steve Biko. It is also a burning and devastating image of beautiful divided land and infernal hugs of racial segregation and violence.
