CRY FREEDOM is the perfect foundation for those who want to see the cruelty of apartheid in just a few hours. The famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the cooperation of the real master and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in their book and in this film, gives another authenticity to CRY FREEDOM. The movie, which is currently in the version, takes just over two and a half hours, because it added 23 minutes of additional material to make it a two-part TV miniseries after the film's premiere. While the additional length serves to strengthen the forgivable flaws of the film: uneven character development, in particular common stereotypes, another possible flaw (insisting on the fate of the white heroes in relation to the African) can be a force. Looking at CURRENT FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film (I think it should, due to its artistic merits), this story is well known to black Africans, although the younger generation can now see it on film to get full impact. They are white people who have always been the recipients of the movie and the book, hopefully they will change them. Now, twelve years after the production of the film, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting movie to watch. Almost a decade after the rule of the black majority was at least theoretically introduced, the ideals of CRY FREEDOM 1987 remain basically unfulfilled. It remains as important as for white South Africans, especially for younger people who have heard about these activities to see it, and absorb the news from the film. In contrast to American slavery and the disclosure of the Jewish Holocaust, the struggles of South Africa were narrated by just two or three stories: ROYAL FREEDOM, ROYAL COUNTRY (OK, count twice if you include a remake) and SARAFINA or miss one?). All three dramas are also awkwardly portraying American and British actors in both white and black roles. Not one South African actor has played the main role, white, colorful, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biopic was released after the black majority rule, MANDELA played the Black American (Sidney Poitier, who also played in the original SA-CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), and Afrikaner DeKlerk played (bald) very British Michael Caine, good performance, if you can reject that the essence of Afrikanerdom is the violent anti-British feelings. Until local SABC TV stations and African films start to pursue their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is almost as authentic as it gets. As perceived in the film as white (especially Africans), every perceptive (non-casual) guest in South Africa even in 1999, not to mention 1977, When CRY FREEDOM takes place, he will generally find white attitudes towards black people. even understated. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in retrospect, it is amazing that reconciliation can take place at all, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM in time shows that many people have not changed in the minds of many people, and the goal of black Africans, that FREEDOM and reconciliation is still going on. Therefore, if you are a newcomer in this situation, CRY FREEDOM is the best introduction.
