In some respects, Kriemhild's anger exceeds Siegfried's Death, but also loses some of the size of the film. The plot of this is more consistent than the first, which is quite amazing. The second part of the real poem is much sloppy and harder to pass until you reach the climactic battle scenes; only the Iliad are better. Lang and Harbou decorated the Huns. The Nibelungenlied poet-compiler did not know the Huns from his right ball and as a result they are more or less the same as the Burgundians in their habit. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main concern, because Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when he gets to Hunland, the first thing he does is go to Mass. The Huns are clearly pagans here; they are almost like a caveman. Presenting them is fun, especially Verbal, the jester who has two wonderful scenes. The character of Etzel received more weight. It is much more dangerous. Everything he does is mourning his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are the masters of building tension, especially on the banquet stage, which is interwoven with the second performance of Verbal, which gives an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, most of them lack the incredible technical achievements of the film, with the exception of the dazzling sequence in which the Etzela room burns with the Nibelunges inside. The only thing I have to say is the way Harbou changes the ending. SPOILERS: in the poem after Hildebrand grabs Hagen and Gunther, they are trapped. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he hid the horde. She refuses and she cuts off her brother's head. When Hagen continues to refuse, he decapitates him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusted that the woman assumes that she will murder a great warrior who in turn deprives her of her head, calling her "the Devil Woman." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something stupid, like "Ah me!" I can understand why they want to keep the unity of time and place when Hildebrand brings them out of the castle; preserving the prison settings of two deaths would make the film very anti-climatic. I also understand why they did not kill Hildebrand Kriemhild: his character is very limited here; his name is mentioned only once. But for Kriemhild to kill herself, accepting Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, she is simply directed at the audience instead of challenging them. The point is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond the area of ​​pure evil. Here we simply have to die for lost love. This is not so interesting.
