An absurdly funny and strikingly human story about the jealousy and unfaithfulness of the beetle's marriage, "Mest kinematograficheskogo Operator" pioneer of the Russian animation by Władysław Starewicz ("The revenge of the cameraman" or "The revenge of the cameraman") is a delight of early animation, filled with a highly effective melancholy and lack of imagination . <br /> <br /> Mr and Mrs. Beetle have a completely peaceful marriage and they both want more emotions in their lives. Mr. Beetle's wishes can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the "Gay Dragonfly" night club, which he visits every time he takes a "business trip" to the city. She is the only one who understands him. A friend of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle stole his mistress and, as fate as he wanted, he is also a cinematographer. A cunning grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his friend into a hotel room, where he films their exploits through a keyhole. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, Mrs. Beetle also acquired a friend to add emotion to her life. He is an artist and brings her a picture for a gift before they both settle on the couch in intimacy. At this point, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and is a witness to the whole spectacle. When Mr. Beetle passes through the front door, the artist's friend tightens in the chimney, but does not run away when Mr. Beetle first puts his anger and frustration on him. <br /> <br /> There is an irony in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to the cinema. " He is generous enough to forgive her, and yet a few minutes earlier he was equally unfaithful. At this point, however, we still have not forgotten about the jealous movie camera that planned his revenge, and it is not a surprise that it turns out that he is a projectionist in the film in which you and Mrs. Beetle participate. Suddenly woven into a movie they like, it's a material about Mr. Beetle's disloyalty, and a furious wife hits his head with an umbrella before the terrified and angry husband dives through the theater screen in search of a grasshopper. > <br /> In the last scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now a little more appreciative of each other, spend time in prison for a fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle was looking for the last revenge. We hope that "the domestic life of beetles will be less exciting in the future?" This film may seem like only a story about the coming and departing from tiny species of insects, but Starewicz communicates much more. This is not a story about beetles? it's a story about us. And it's surprisingly accurate, right?
