For the enthusiasts of animation it is a must, but even the general audience will enjoy CAMERAMAN'S GOING, a very early example of "pixilization" of the hardworking pioneer Władysław Starewicz. Starewicz and his helpers carefully manipulated the cast of flexible insects to tell the story, paving the way for Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and the legions of contemporary digital effect makers. <br /> <br /> CAMERAMAN'S REVELATION lasts only about 10 minutes, but it contains a lot of funny details, because the story tells about the love adventures of two beetles from their home, night club, hotel, cinema and finally prison cell. In the night club there are two short dance numbers (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a scuffle between a beetle and a grasshopper and a large-scale donnybrook at the cinema, which ends when the projector is burning. Quite complicated activities for 1912, when they even started John Bray and Winsor MacCay, and Walt Disney was still in primary school! <br /> <br /> It is also worth noting what effect the change of the silent film history card can have on the story told. I saw two versions of this movie offered by two video companies and watched them back together, and although the content itself is almost identical, two different sets of subtitles tell two different stories. (And the outline of the story, which someone mentioned above, tells a third story, which suggests that there is a different version somewhere.) The print of the British Film Institute, which has rhymed inscriptions, tells the story of two beetle siblings, each of whom hides in secret. this information from you to inherit the property of their deceased father. The second, Russian print, tells a simpler story about wives who are guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend in the night club "Gay Dragonfly", while in English version, Brother Beata sends his wife to the music room. Personally, I prefer a simple - and more spicy - Russian story; the BFI version tries to push too much story into what should be a simple story, and some rhymes are a bit awkward. <br /> <br /> Still, in every release, CAMERAMAN'S REVELATION is a great movie, and it would be the perfect introduction to this other great animated work, in which there are beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
