Mary Pickford often claimed that Tess Skinner was her favorite role in the film. Well said! She played this role twice and for the version that she produced herself, she had to not only buy rights from Adolph Zukor, but even award him a prize on the main title page of the film. Needless to say, her image of this role is the most winning. Indeed, in my opinion, the film itself is judged as an all-time wonderful experience of silent cinema. <br /> <br /> It's true, the director John S. Robertson does not move the camera an inch from start to finish, but in Robertson's skillful hands, this affectation is not only irrelevant, but it is probably more effective. Robertson, the creator of the first rank, is the master of pace, camera angles and assembly. He also performed brilliantly natural performances from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who is considered heavy, is so hideously repulsive that it is hard to believe that he is the same man as the kind Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes makes one of the best acting jobs in his entire career. It's true that it's probably not the way Mrs. White intended, but it's great for plotting, because otherwise we would have a hard time explaining why the drugs spent a fortune on defense, but they did not make the slightest attempt to find out who actually fired a weapon that his brother-in-law killed him! Needless to say, this special feature of the friendly character is underestimated by Jacek Ging in bowdlerized version from 1960, which also completely removes the strong attack of the author on the satisfied middle-class Christianity. Notice how a well-washed priest moves forward a step or two with astonishment, but then makes no effort to help our scarce heroine perform the duties that he himself had to administer. It is a very moving scene because it is so realistically presented. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also provides an insight into the work of another great actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was completely limited to silent cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life entirely to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, But she lived until 1976, With easy contact in Pasadena, but I bet no one had a brain to talk to her. Another chance to lose! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson only made an average impression as Skinner. It seemed to me that he was slightly misunderstood, and a brief look at his filmography proves this: he usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence was great as usual. <br /> <br /> In total, expensive production with beautiful photography and great production values.
