If it was the original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY from 1914 (also with Mary Pickford), I would probably rate it much higher because this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was quite typical for teenagers. However, until 1922. This film began to show its age. And compared to many other films of Mrs. Pickford (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL AND SUDS), TESS is a bit shorter - and not every Pickford movie deserves 10 (even if it was "America's Sweetheart"). That does not mean it's a bad movie - it definitely is not. But I just can not see how much the movie has given. 10. <br /> <br /> The film has a very long and complicated story - especially since most of the films from the era were shorter. A rich old crank builds a mansion at the top of a hill above the river. At the bottom of the hill there are dirty tenants, whom he hates, but which he can not evict. So he's trying to come up with different ways to get off the mainland. One ends in a tragedy when his fiance's daughter is killed in a fight with people after. A man accused of murder is an expensive father of old Mary, though he is innocent. To make it worse, the only witness to the real murder will not speak, and the dead man took his fiancée! So at this point, we have an innocent man in prison who is waiting to be shot, and a pregnant lady is afraid to tell his holy father that he is "on a family path." There are many more in the film, such as a son crank in love with Mary, but it's best to see a movie for himself. <br /> <br /> In some respects, the film stands out. The plot, although very complicated, is also quite interesting, and the photos are at the highest level. The last scene is also quite adorable. However, there are so many open sentiments that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is SO good and SO so sweet and so brave, sometimes the viewer may find it a bit difficult. Although it worked great in 1922 (making it the biggest star in the world), today it is very outdated. This is not true for all her films, but this one certainly is. <br /> <br /> By the way, Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality, although a few scenes are heavily degraded - something that is not very surprising given the age of the movie. The only additional additions are short filmography.
