Madhur Bhandarkar gave it all raw. But the best part is that he did not forget to give ingredients. It is short and sharp for the viewer and it is the recipients who make the choice. Page 3 is the revelation of the naked truth, regardless of the severity attached to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and likes her job. Simple and peaceful life loves her with a caring boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl. It includes Nation Today (Page Celebrity Page), where he has a very helpful editor Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.) But life takes on her retreat when she hits the first tumor and moves away from page 3 and goes a bit of crime. Omigosh! there was a whole new world waiting for her. She is shocked, excited, stunned by the revelation. Her reaction caused her to lose her job. Finally, he returns to page 3. Now, when he meets a star at a party, he knows the real look of each one, hidden under the illusory face. <br /> <br /> The movie has a message and it's raw. The audience has to get it in their own color. The topic and script was fantastic. There are a few very good thoughts to prepare recipients. Just like the club foreplay is shown before the exhibition of pedophilia, a short tension in front of gays in the bathroom. Dialogues are strong and the actors are really good at delivering. 2 words of Charu Mohanty speak for themselves, and he very effectively utters these two words with such ingenuity that leaves the influence. The selected sets could have been better. Songs do not stand anywhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role of great importance. There were several disadvantages. Atul Kulkarni explaining to Konkan Sharma that honesty should be marked along with intelligence. There could have been a better dialog box because it sounds like a sermon. Meeting Thapar and his daughter does not require action. This scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a compulsory movie to watch with selective options before the incident with pedophilia. It can spoil the mood.
