Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film, which is to expose the rich and famous lifestyle, and at the same time provides a commentary on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Endless celebrity events, like to be seen at these events, and to get the right exposure in the media. In fact, the film would make us believe that this exhibition means that celebrities are not in the company, and the newspapers have a huge hand in it. IMO there is much more synergy between celebrities and the media and this is the kind of relationship "I need you, you need me." However, the media need stars, not the reverse. In any case, in this environment of constant partying, a social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma is thrown. She is shown as this famous creator, very popular at social gatherings. He has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and the fighting model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She rooms with a stewardess? sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and the fighting actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of this newspaper is Boman Irani, and Atul Kulkarni plays the crime reporter who plays fire. The film has almost too many plot and character features, but it works at a certain level. The rich turn out to be deeply corrupted for the most part, the film screenings turn out to be dingy to the maximum in the scenarios of casting couches, using power, starving the media. All this is entangled in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that does not seem to have much in common with the plot or plot, the spreading drug use, pedophilia, police "meetings" of death. In the light of all Pearl's longing to have a super-rich husband, a sociable daughter devoted to a sexual meeting in the car, disgusting women, all seem to be mild ills. <br /> <br /> The movie is absolutely perfect, playing through Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? It's a pity in my opinion. But the supporting staff is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). It saves a movie for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites off more than he can chew or transform into celluloid and turns the film into a free for all bash. I would like him to focus on one or two aspects of social ills and examine them more effectively. He agrees with social exploitation, but he himself uses all the masala components needed for the success of the film. We have a Bollywood item number, drugged children dance perfectly choreographically to the western rhythm. I hope that the next Madhura Bhandarkar will dare to abandon even more stereotypical ingredients from Hindi. The film is a brave (though flawed) effort, definitely worth a look.
