Page 3 is one of those movies that Madhur Bhandarkar is doing to expose social dirt. The film is fascinating, but, like most of Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and excessively pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film shows social life, whose lifestyle is catastrophically boastful, quaint and repulsive. They party, they only care about fame, plan events at funerals, want more money and enjoy a higher reputation, do everything to get the right exposure in the media, boldly print their names in the journal column known as "Page 3" with huge photographs that will be people's discussion center. They are seeking attention, kind and hypocrites. The film industry is shown as dingy, and the casting couch is a common phenomenon among filmmakers. That's where our beautiful heroine, young reporter of the social columns Madhvi Sharma, throws up. All these people from the Bombay elite depend on her articles and she is the right person to befriend these events if you want her to mention you in her article. Later in the film, we learn that even those who are Madhvi's friends are not different from those high-ranking people. It was difficult for me to watch, although the movie is undoubtedly courageous, and the issues he deals with are interesting. <br /> <br /> The music of the film is mediocre. The only known songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by the two melodies queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. One of the songs, which was particularly frightening, is "Movies very movies". Writing a movie is pretty good. The other half is much better than the first one because it turns out to be more substantive and reveals much more important issues, such as terrorism and child abuse. That's where the movie must be applauded. It was sad to know that people would prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear, and the disappointment of the figure of Konkon Sen Sharma was very easy. She was excellent throughout the film, and her acting in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. Part of Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he did it completely. Boman Irani is reliable as the editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is nice as a pearl roommate Madhvi who marries an elderly man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The end of the film is really well made and provides a certain sigh of relief after unimaginably difficult proceedings. Page 3 is a good movie, it is interesting and sometimes it moves, but the level of its interest and general quality are plagued by the exaggerated, too sloppy and negative creation of the rich and famous.
