During a visit to Romania with his father CIA, Tony (Adam Arkin), a quite talented quarterback in high school, seen as the savior who led his team to victory over rival Simpson, tells a would-be reader of the hand (in Romania, people are not allowed much books, so she started reading with the palms) that she will be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, do not make any meetings ... you will be busy."). Well, who would do it ... It's really bitten and his life will change forever. After his father unfortunately dies in disguise in his shelter (!) In strange circumstances (firing a werewolf son inside a metal shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and does not bounce like pinball madness, Tony travels around the country endless years until I get tired of packing, and the decades (and many US presidents) will return later, hopefully lead their football team to victory over Simpson ... a task he abandoned a long time ago, what once was very White, pure high school, has actually turned into a drug ghetto, violence and perversion. To find out what resembles the Full Moon High School promotion from the early 1980s, think about Studio 54 with teenagers ... <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen, a parody of werewolf movies, among other things, is filled with gags, tributes and jokes. My favorite sequences included one in a sex classroom in which Tony reveals his werewolf transformation and the introductory scene of Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars is not on screen), probably the worst psychiatrist on Earth. His task of chatting with the jumper leads to the fact that two men fall from the balcony ... jumper and fireman (at the beginning they try to dissuade him from this), both get mad at Mark! Brand is even trying to get Tony to sign his body's gift for science so he can put his wife in a fur coat! Kenneth Mars told me to throw myself on the floor as a homosexual football coach (... and later in the 80's as a director) who likes to pat his players in the back ... his scene in which Tony unloads the truth into sex-class classic. The film is full of inspiring cast choices. Full of fun characters and interpretation of the cast ... like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military hardcore who actually looks exactly like Joseph McCathy standing next to his photo in a bomb shelter (.. always talking about communism, Joanne Nail as a fastidious stare at Ricky) ego today, who falls in love with a werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (Blue patch) as a murdered, nerdy sexual molested (... and harassing) teacher who attracts Tony James Dixon as a deputy (... his wonderful scene makes that he steals a line from the chief of police, reciting him to Dr. Brand, who begins to say words to remember), Roz Kelly as Jane, an immortal devoted woman wishing for Tony only constantly demands that he bewitched her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn , a longtime friend of Tony, and now a police chief who got Jane only after his friend left the city. forget about JM J Bullock as a gay male son, Flynn, who is trying to fit in at school, hoping to find the bride with funny results. <br /> <br /> I like how the movie pays homage to the werewolf species, for example, when it's in the book, it's often referred to in the papers as Jack the Nipper because it likes to bite its victims on the cheek ... and I'm not talking about the face. He sees more as irritation than danger. The tributes to Carrie and Psycho are nice and the violins are also fun. Cohen throws so many sliders to the viewer that you finally have to stick. Of course, in a comedy like this, not every joke gets into her brand, but many do. The cast makes it worth it. The film looks cheap at the typical budget of Larry Cohen. Look out for scenes from the 1950s, in which the obvious old casts that appeared on the road wear bright wigs. Dear Adam in the lead ... is the perfect foil for the gags that follow him and the zingers he releases from Cohen's script. The film moves quickly, rarely catching your breath. I liked the comedy of the horror more than it seems.
