I'm not kidding about this summary and voting! The video distributors packed it as another typical werewolf movie from the 1980s, but in reality it is the greatest parody of the genre of horrors imaginable, doing for the horror of what "Blazing Saddles" did for the western. I've seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange etc. (Usually not making an impression), and I think that comedy must be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors in which they can work - it requires only the right kind of touch to make things successful, and some of them have good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - so many that it can easily embarrass the Zucker / Abrams team with "Airplane" and "Naked Gun". One of the best is the very presence of Ed McMahon in the lead role as a right-wing crack in the style of John Birch. Jokes, non-sequits, wisecracks and word-play are literally non-stop and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been thrown. The ironic tone is very similar to "Back to the Future". <br /> <br /> Some people (ie almost every reviewer here) had to be turned off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter, and this is one of those movies where you never know what kind of crazy situation will be next. Because the extraordinary B movie, Larry Cohen, did not make a simple comedy before, you get the impression that he made up for the lost time by adding a joke that he or his co-workers could come up with. If it was done by Mel Brooks, the critics would describe it as a comic masterpiece, but because it was produced by Cohen, it was rejected as schlock. Critical reviews call this film too "stupid". STUPID? What is the comedy to be - serious ?! In any case, I laughed louder for the movie than any other I think about. Cohen jokes about everyone - including himself, with a lot of references to his usual low-budget film production; he and the actors had to have a complete explosion. <br /> <br /> Humor is very much Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watching a lot of B movies (especially horror movies) will love it. Trust me: the film is not too difficult to find and as long as you accept what is - the belly rollerline laughs without any claim to any social value - then you will really like it! <br /> <br /> One sidenote: this movie should somehow be in history as the only thing that Bob Saget ever played (though briefly), which was really fun.
