I do not know why people are outside of many low-budget indie movies, but I liked this one because I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not many urban horrors in the city, so when I saw this on the shelf, only the title raised my curiosity. I decided to check it and I was surprised ... it is not very common in a low-budget horror indie with a GREAT actor and a good story. Is it a low budget? Yes. Can you say that it's a low budget? Yes ... but when you start watching a movie, you'll be so absorbed in history that it does not matter. I also like hip-hop music and the soundtrack is nice! I do not know what's wrong with all the bad reviews of this movie. All I hear is "the worst film". Did these idiots see EVERY movie there? There are thousands of movies, how can you class one as the "worst" in history? A movie that is not "movie" like "zombiez" may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie EVER, because I did not see any film there. Ultimately, those people who gave this movie bad reviews probably come from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like movies based on minorities, urban films, movies from the ghetto, hip-hop, etc., WHY SEE THESE TYPES OF VIDEOS ??? !!! knowing that you do not like this kind of thing? Sure, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, it's a horror URBAN with a multicultural cast. I do not like television programs like Dawson's Creek or O.C., THEY SUCK. Films such as "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK for me. I'm a guy from New Jersey, and these shows and movies are attached to me. Why? Because I can not relate to them. They do not reach my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never watch GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's another part of torturing you from the first bad sucking and HEART HUCKABORING. Coming back to this movie, in reference to the above commentary on saint405, I do not know if this guy was cracking or "stupid" by his drunken father before he watched the movie, but everyone did a great job for me. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job. I am an aspiring actor who takes theater myself in my school and I had to do a play in which I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotional on stage, so we give props to actors who have to make an emotional scene and can pull it off. Whoever, I liked this movie and I have never heard of these actors and directors before, but you bet you will look at their stuff for now and if you read it, Come to SEQUEL !!! I'm leaving. Jerzego Representin '!
