Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play, and even the boys at DA Hood can not stop them. This low-budget direct-to-video production seems to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest part of the famous zombie series by George A. Romero. The setting of the ghetto and the hip hop soundtrack can provide additional attractiveness for downtown city messengers. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research center, raising his brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But a teenager, bored with pasta and cheese dinners at his home, would rather spend time with his friends from Marco and Kevem street. Apparently there is not much to do for African Americans in high school on this side of the bay, except for dealing with drugs and struggling with household members, including rival Latino gangsters. Ricky plans to sell the house of her deceased parents and move inland to the Castro Valley, a more middle-class and probably safer environment. Unfortunately, before that happens, Jermaine is dead on the veranda. Desperate, Ricky tries the last desperate trick. He tells Scotty, his laboratory assistant, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formula he has tested on rats. When the double dose does not revive Jermaine, there is no other way to call 911. But on the way to the morgue, a funny thing happens. The boy is revived as a bursting, snarling zombie, chewing ambulance drivers and staggers into the night, leaning on vengeance and thirsty for fresh meat. The feeding craze infects more victims, and before night comes, East Bay is the battlefield between the living and the bloody undead. The genre of horror has seen more than the participation of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis and Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider programmers Val Lewton (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Poe quickies by Roger Corman, Night of the Living Dead Romero and Halloween by John Carpenter. The difference between memorable and horrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than a few hundred million valuable horror movies. Cheapness has its charm. In really cheap movies, the actors wear their own clothes among the real settings. Here, the tract houses have freshly painted walls in neutral matte shades, giving a gloomy character as oppressive as Douglas Sirk's bourgeois melodramas from the 1950s. The lines seem more improvised than the scenarios. "So what the hell will we do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any F N 'thing that looks unusual." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls a former military named Romero. "I have a huge problem with the fact that we have to deal quickly." "No problem," says Merc, closing the phone and grabbing the gun. Everyone has a gun, and even fighting zombies are on their cell phones, and who is not today? The information is exchanged with a naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We went into it with a few crazy guardians." "Deja F N 'vu. It's a park zombie again. "" Ricky even has to blow out his shaky girl, saying, "She's out of control." Unlike most zombie movies, this motif motivates chaos. Jermaine avenges herself on the gangsters who shot him, and they continue to rumble. It is an urban film that assumes its own social commentary, almost partisan production suggesting a future for a low-budget horror movie that reflects real life instead of supernatural stereotypes. The Quiroz brothers, who marked their name as if in anticipation of a new movement, may inspire others to tell stories resulting from personal experience rather than imitate a tired Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made the cheaper but technically acceptable function of the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson is doing his job, Eduardo Quiroza's music is not simpler than Halloween's haunting Carpenter theme, and hip-hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exactly joyful. They learn their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never improved, their next can be watched.
