From the beginning of the film activity there were "racing" photos. Films with almost completely black casts were made by separate studios of Poverty Row (more often than by Caucasian people) in ghetto theaters. Along with the growing city plague in the 1970s, this idea came back thanks to a wave of "blaxploitation" photos taken for urban grind houses that covered black actors and funky on traditional B movie stories. This trend has spread even to the characteristics of horror, and titles such as Blacula , Blackenstein and Sugar Hill support versions of monsters in the Blaxploitation version. And he did not die with the closure of most of the city theaters? he just slowly entered the age of video and continues to release low-budget versions directly to DVDs, such as this one. Ed and Jose Quiroz's Hood of the Living Dead, take on the recent popularity of horror films for hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist from Oakland who is trying to stop his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) from having trouble after the death of his parents. After Jermaine was shot by drug dealers while on the move, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regeneration formula he's been working on to save his life for a teenager. Apparently his efforts are nothing, and Jermaine's body is taken away. But the body will never reach the morgue? Jermaine revives in the coroner's van as a zombie hungry body. He kills the drivers and then follows the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he appears. Hearing from friends Jermaine, Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on gangsters, Ricky thinks that the only thing to do is capture Jermaine and try to hide the whole case before he and his partner Scott (Chris Angelo) is arrested for the chaos they caused. Soon, however, it turns out that the infection is spreading too fast so that they can control it. Maintaining simplicity, the Quiroz team manages to create a fun horror function without going too far to the point where things start to look tacky. Along the way, they also add some interesting elements. When he meets a zombie for the first time, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" Effective as any way to learn how to kill zombies. An additional twist is added when the first head shot does not kill the brain, increasing the viewer's anxiety. Another good thing is that the soundtrack uses sub-Emin rap in a limited way, arranging in standard "scary" music.
