Most of the bad reviews on this site blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) it is a low-budget movie, practically without an actor; 2) it was so bad that it made me laugh 3) it is something I can do myself. I will not even discuss the first point, because it is a very subjective question whether you like low budget and independent things or not. But I must say that I still do not understand people who rent such a film as "Hood of the Living Dead" and then look surprised when they realize that it is not as polished and charming as the romantic comedy of Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what laughs with laughter. Personally, I like to laugh and love movies that make me, whether it's comedies or horror movies. When I was in "Hammerhead", I saw this girl entering PUDDLE, and the shark came out to eat her, I just broke. I was grateful that the director made such a stupid stage and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. To be honest, laughter makes me feel good, while it seems that many people who write reviews think this is a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching the movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and cheap movies are definitely not for you. But please, do not come and tell us that you think it's funny. We already know that. Probably that is why we decided to watch the film in the first place. However, this is the third point that completely surprises. Just a few years ago, people lined up to see the "Blair Witch Project," which is a lot more crude, boring, without a storyline and a malfunctioning movie than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and he took himself seriously too) . What's more, half a million people visit YouTube every day to see short films "Lonelygirl15", which is certainly something that everyone can have a sweet girl, room and webcam! Not to mention all the more amateur films that can be found there. Why do not people blame these clips for bad performance and non-existent storylines? I think that this is one of the best things in our time that everyone, thanks to affordable technology and a group of friends, can create their own movies and share them with people with similar interests. And I feel some admiration for people who spend their weekends with friends, doing a fairly bad (but refreshing) piece of rubbish, instead of shopping at the mall or playing video games alone. Skip your prejudices and your desire to sound like an intelligent film critic, attacking b movies, and you'll see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much joy as your creators! If you want a refreshing and pleasant home-made horror movie, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not Look in the Basement" The worst horror ever made "," Redneck Zombies "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit ".
