Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not sure if it really is Giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, it is certainly a very interesting movie. I hesitate to call it Giallo, because in the film there is not much that makes these films what they are; but many entries from the genre are breaking form, and this seems to be one of them. There are no brutal murders in the film, as in the case of many Giallo, but it makes up for it with a surrealistic atmosphere and plot, so misleading that it remains interesting all the time. The plot seems quite simple, because it focuses on the doctor who was murdered by Julie, his patient who for some reason sees him as his lover and father and is offended when he comes out on her. Then we move to a large house inhabited by many people, but nothing really looks like there are many secrets related to various events that took place before the arrival of Julie ... <br /> <br /> The film seems to be saying something about how the mind is like a maze. It never really goes out, and I just wanted to sit down and enjoy what's happening instead of worrying about where (if at all) the movie tries to make. Eye in the Labyrinth directed by Mario Caiano, the director for the wonderful Noc of the Doomed a few years earlier. It does not create the atmosphere in this film as well as in the previous one; but the surrealistic aspects of the story are well arranged, and the mystery is always maintained, which prevents the film from boredom. Rosemary Dexter appears in the film, which provides eye candy and provides good results. Most of the rest of the cast is not worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolfo Cell, who is good as the villain of the song and Alida Valli, whose cult fans will remember from a whole series of excellent cult films. The film explains at the end; which is happy because I'm sure I'm not the only one who was a bit confused at the time! In general, it may not be a classic material; but it's good enough and worth seeing.
