I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a child, so I can not compare both versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with their friends in the countryside when the father of the family has to take a new job in San Francisco. Animals, believing that they have been abandoned, flee and embark on a long journey home through the desert. <br /> <br /> This story might have been the easiest to make as a cartoon, but both versions are actually live action movies made using real animals. One of the main differences is that in a later version, the animals speak with human voices, giving each one their own personality, which was not done in the original movie. (A similar device of talking animals has been used in other recent children's movies, such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics are rather reserved in using this device, but my view is that giving animals a characteristic personality helps to strengthen the film rather than to weaken it. Animals were expressed by big stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are men, and their relationship is similar to that found in many people in the buddy-friend movies. Shadow, the golden retriever, is a wise, experienced senior dog; Probably the younger one is bolder, conceited and impulsive. For British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but he is actually an American Bulldog who is apparently a different breed than his British cousin. Sassy's cat is a woman with a fairly primitive and proper personality. She is very proud of her cat's status, which in her eyes makes her much better than an ordinary dog. ("Rule of cats, drooling of dogs!"). <br /> <br /> From the adult point of view, the film has many disadvantages; it may be sentimental, some of the incidents (such as those in which animals manage to throw a mountain lion into the river) are quite unbelievable, and human figures are completely forgotten. However, this is a movie that is mainly aimed at children and I suspect that they will enjoy it. Everyone who loves animals will certainly do it. (Comments from some professional critics, such as James Berardinelli, who complained that animal voices have reduced the "size" of the movie, only serve to reinforce my view that professional critics are not always the best guides to children's films. "Homeward Bound" focused on its alleged size). <br /> <br /> Adults will appreciate the photograph of the California Sierra Nevada Mountains. They can also appreciate the mix of humor and the excitement of the movie when escaped animals meet dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert. It's a very nice family movie. 7/10
