This comment contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> Few actors have a non-material character for them. This innate quality is a combination of charisma, momentum and pride. It's a quality that can separate good actors from really great ones. I think George Clooney has it, like Jack Nicholson. You can look at Clooney's subtle accents in scenes, such as his farewell to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11, when they just speak out with contempt. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's appearances with five easy pieces in the restaurant for some good men and on the courtroom audition stage. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to a small and exclusive list of actors that exudes this wonderful feature in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive border diatryries in The Siege for his impressive homage to Malcolm X in the movie Spike Lee with the same title, you'll see that today there is no better actor. I do not mention all this to interpret that Man On Fire is ideal only because of Denzel's work, but he is definitely a production cog. I was literally mesmerized by some of his scenes that are harsh, emotional and fired at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Creasy, a former spy or CIA agent or one of those secret government agents. He hit the bottom hard enough when he was disappointed in the life he led. He killed and maybe did things that he did not talk about best, and that made him a hard and bitter man. His friend and perhaps a mentor, played very restrainedly by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico, living very comfortably, providing rich body protection services. It seems that the business of kidnapping in Mexico is so alive that those paid for were S.E.A.L.s and they can do it very well, providing the service they need. Creasey needs work and takes a job in a well to make a family that seems to be in a difficult financial situation. Marc Anthony is fine as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is incredibly sexy because his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are incredibly and prematurely brilliant like Pita. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a range to play characters that she does, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing but a worthy Oscar. The entire first half of the movie is dependent on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there was a weaker actress in the role, maybe this emotional synergy would not meet with such brevity. But Fanning is nothing extraordinary in this role. <br /> <br /> It is the relationship between Paya and Creasy that drives this movie to the top of the cinema. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond between them. Tony Scott manages feverish diligence, and his eyesight on the visual flame has never been better. I am interested in how his next film turns out, Domino. I think Scott is one of today's directors and has more movies like this, his name will certainly be raised to the iconic rank. <br /> <br /> Creasy's story really takes Pit and vis-versa. There is a clear relationship between them, and perhaps this is due to the fact that although Pita loves her father, there is not much. He is a philanthropist and apparently has little time to spend with his family. Soon Creasy takes Pita to the swimming competition. He reads her bedtime stories and calls her "Creasy" teddy bear. It is not only friendship between them, it is rather a relationship, and deep parental love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The movie changes gears when Pita is kidnapped and held for ransom, and Creasy is almost deadly wounded trying to protect her. Here the story becomes dense with innuendo and matures in a deceit, when the fragments of the story are unraveled like an onion. And here Denzel becomes a tour de force. Like I said before, I saw Denzel, who gave some great performances in movies like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I never saw him that way. He is a man possessed and the possibility of Pita's death becomes a literal man in the fire. He rages in it when he hunts and distributes his brand of good luck. Denzel's anger and astringency are ubiquitous and not easy to suppress, because he hunts for every person responsible for Pita's violation. This whole vigilant justice, because the Mexican authorities always seem to be one step back. <br /> <br /> Also, what's the most important thing about the boldness of this movie is that there are a few movies that actually give criminals the right seriousness. I was often frustrated watching movies that fall into bad people easily. They do all kinds of torment for the whole movie, and then they take the ball and die. But not in this movie. Writer Brian Helgeland makes sure that punishment is unambiguous and painful. The perpetrators feel Creasy's anger here and experience the torment that he releases. There is nothing wrong with his justice system. I need information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers, and the home bomb is placed in places designed for other things. There are no blows here and this is one of the real strengths of the movie. <br /> <br /> Man on fire is one of the top five films in 2004. get a SE. It is equipped with additional features that cover about 6 hours of documentary films and various comment paths. 10/10
