When I remember that I watched the movie's announcements and I did not think about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview, its stunning, and then when it comes out, you hear nothing and miss it completely, and your memory completely does not correct the mistake of missing it. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was curious to rent once and decided to take it home with me, my most expensive Blockbuster rental in my hands. I watched it and witnessed such a beautiful film. It's like no other ... drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular. The photos taken by Tony Scott are exceptionally well made and unique, unlike another film. Subtitles can explain something, not even listening to real voices, and the music is very intriguing for this setting. I joined this movie and bought it whenever I could leave the house and go to Best Buy. I have watched it several times. Denzel Washington (Creasy) is doing an amazing job, becoming the lost former special soldier for no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) brings him back from the very beginning. They bond and become good friends until they are kidnapped by the notorious gangster parts of the brotherhood, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that she is hunting murderers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's abduction and Creasy hospitalization to find one of the men, and he begins to chase. My favorite line of everything is this movie, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "man is a work of art, in whatever he does ... whatever he cooks. Creasy's art is death ... he's about to paint his masterpiece. "He plays a very unique roll of the old partner and friend of Creasy. After I finally chased my brother "The Voice", the leader of La Hermandad. Creasy organizes a meeting to exchange Pita for himself and brother The Voice. In the end, Creasy dies due to earlier shooting, and his wound is infected and there is a huge loss of blood. It's a very sincere and sad ending, but great. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for an unforgettable movie. History is profound, everything is explained from the beginning to the end, and nothing in any way or in any way.
