"The tensions in Mexico are just as common as honey, giving me their phone numbers, so if you're rich, you'll need a good security guard to keep you and your children safe. One couple hires a washed bodyguard named Creasy to protect his adorable kid, Pita. Initially, their relationship is a bit defective, but after some time Creasy relieves the girl and they both establish a father-daughter relationship. One day Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is badly wounded. When she wakes up, she learns that the girl was killed due to ransom negotiations that went wrong, and this set of creasy on the path finds the men responsible for her death and makes sure that they were brought to his brand of justice. > <br /> -When watching this movie, keep Tylenol bit, because after watching this movie you will have to take some. I really love the story of revenge because most movies usually want revenge, but they never really go too far because in this movie they show how far a person can go to do what he feels is right. The only problem is the annoying visual style that either hates the movie or hates Tony Scott. I'm really sorry about the operator, because I'm sure he came to this movie thinking that he will shoot an action movie and he was probably very excited but instead got stuck in DP as a filmmaker who thinks the whole movie should look like how possessed by demons. I would not mind that these bad visualizations would be limited to a few action scenes, but when it spreads throughout the movie, then we have problems. The same annoying style was recently used in "Domino" and like in this film, the style has hurt this great movie. <br /> <br /> - Another person I'm sorry about this movie was soon the great Harry Gregson Williams, who failed to compose music from jagged images. Somehow Williams wrote decent music for the movie, but I'm sure if the movie was more stable, the music would be much better. The sound is misused throughout the movie and instead of improving the movie experience, it makes you feel punished. Overuse of the subwoofer is annoying every 5 seconds, so you hear the godless low sound coming from it. I do not know why Scott thought that the audience must be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it really pulls you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - The movie's action is a beast, despite the visual effects. Little Fanning does one more great job, and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule of not doing any action movies with this movie and luckily plays a great character for him. The whole idea of ​​a man who got lost in life and suddenly because of a tragedy, finds a purpose in his life, is nothing new, but Washington brings a little heart and emotion to a differently flat character. I love how we are witnessing that he is a loner to learn emotions and, after kidnapping, he becomes a cold tool of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays the wife of Marc Anthony, and she and Fanning are two reasons why I can not hate the movie. J. J.'s husband comes and goes to the film, but does not really stand out too much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have minimal roles in the film, but they make an impression. <br /> <br /> - One thing that makes me laugh is how movie makers are trying to make makeup on the shitty way they portray Mexico by calling this beautiful city at the end of the movie. It's a bit too late if you ask me about it. Let's hope that Tony Scott will end this phase of deliberately ruining his career, because a filmmaker as talented as he CAN and must do it better.
