You know that you're in something else when the movie has Christopher Walken as a professional hit - and he's not even one of those bad guys! Although he can do it with a reasonable pruning here and there, "Man on Fire" is generally an effective crime drama that extends in a tone from openly sentimental to almost brutal - and almost every tone you can imagine in between. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington takes on the role of Creasy, the former CIA assassin who recently quit the business and seeks some kind of redemption for his sins. So far, he was looking for answers in the bottle and the Bible, and he did not handle them well. With the opening of the film, the city of Mexico was ravaged by a series of kidnappings targeting the affluent and prosperous, probably committed by police forces designated to maintain public order in the community. Creasy takes the position of a security guard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is rightly concerned about her safety. The first third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between Creasy and his charges, Pita, a sweet little girl who slowly but surely enters into Creasy's heartbreaking heart and feelings. The last two-thirds of the movie turns into the melodrama of Avenging Angel, because Creasy systematically searches and eliminates all those responsible for the tragedy that appears at the beginning of the story. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by AJ Quinnell, "Man in Fire", written deliberately by Brian Helgeland and brilliantly directed by Tony Scott, is a fun and effective action image that never escapes the harsh brutality of his subject . The risk is that we are asked to identify with a man who, for all purposes and goals, achieves his redemption, torturing and murdering (albeit in bad taste) people. These scenes of slaughter and violence are intense and full of tension, even if they sometimes border with exploitation. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pasha in the early parts of the movie. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural, easy contact that helps set the stage for chaos and confusion that will follow. <br /> <br /> Washington carries a film with its trait of stoic integrity, thanks to which we understand its character on an emotional level, even if what it does is intellectually elusive. In addition to the two main characters, there are solid performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and the amazing lady Fanning, who steals the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on fire" would be better with about half an hour of running, but it's still better than the average crime thriller.
