Although released among a herd of revenge action movies (KILL BILL VOL. 2; THE PUNISHER; WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works just as well, as largely thanks to the ever-watched Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. <br /> <br /> IN MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's novel from 1980 (first filmed in 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington plays ex-on-the-luck ex-mercenary, which now he bent to drink from Jack Daniel's flash until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offered a chance to buy back. He is employed as a security guard for a 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning first work like oil and water (they do not mix very well), he really makes a connection with her, encouraging her to better swim, while trying to deal with the demons of the past. It is this bond that will force Washington to return to the old line when Fanning is kidnapped and detained for $ 10 million in ransom, and he is nearly killed. With almost every other action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the next bath would be the same repetitive jerk that we saw a million times before. But Washington's character, though it kills for some reason, does not particularly like what it does. Despite this, he gets help from a very fearless Mexican press reporter (Rachel Ticotin) to reveal "La Hermanidad" (Brotherhood), a hot-tempered gang responsible for kidnapping Fanning. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE has a disadvantage to some extent due to the work in the hyperamera, the almost headache assembly and various film stocks that are equal to the course of his director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but they are not necessarily unique for him (witness Oliver Stone's use of editing in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic films from the 1960s and 1970s). Still, Scott has a very good performance from Washington, as well as Fanning, who is more than a typical film kid. The Spanish score of the Spanish guitar by Harry Gregson-Williams was enhanced by the soundtracks of Chopin, Debussy and even the classic country-rock version of "Blue Bayou" by Linda Ronstadt from 1977. Although the overall video is quite abrupt, it is not worse than most of the last ten years of action movies and is generally much better than most.
