"The Muppets Take Manhattan" differs in many respects from all previous Muppet films. First of all, it remains the only Muppet movie not belonging to Disney. Since 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of release), even though Disney is the owner of the Muppet rights. In addition, this movie has a plot that is very non-linear, and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's very difficult to beat the original "Muppet Movie" from 1979, especially since this movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, one of the ways in which "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" are probably surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first film, all Muppets really have to do is go to Hollywood, enter the agent's office and immediately get the "Rich and Famous" contract. In this film, the Muppets learn that they really have to work for their desired success, and it is much more difficult, especially in the entertainment industry, than they originally thought. This is an important and often overlooked message, provided that someone wants to suspend the disbelief that Muppets, small and made of material, do not necessarily have to live in a spacious place, and even eat. Above all, their struggle to complete college after graduating from college creates a very good story. Another note: the scenes with the stars in the film were cool and surprisingly they managed to not take the spotlights from the Muppets. This skill is a testimony to Henson and how appealing Muppet characters are, even for adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls, and this is a place where I'm sure people will not agree with me, it is with some of the key songs, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "He'll Make Me Happy" was too grim for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, hearing that song makes me extremely depressed, especially when the movie starts with such an optimistic number as "Together Again" and ends happily. Saying Goodbye was also a sad number, but it suited the movie better because the Muppets were falling apart and we were not sure if they would see each other again. This last song was so disappointed, and maybe even added to the misery of younger viewers, seeing their favorite Muppets leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good movie and one is a march to the rhythm of another drum than other Muppet films, including newer ones produced after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film goes in the same direction. I wanted the movie to end with a better song that was not that melancholy. In addition, Disney should obtain the copyright for this video and give it the appropriate DVD version. Maybe it will happen sometime. We'll see.
