It was the third Muppet movie, and the last Jim Henson was nearby to take part in the creation before the untimely death in 1990. The first three films featuring well-known characters were produced and released in cinemas before my birth. Initially, I saw the first and second installment of the original trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper" about the mid-nineties, as a child, but I did not see the third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan" until April 2007. It was shortly after for the first time in many years I saw his two predecessors and the 1996 Muppet Treasure Island. This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me for the first time when I saw it, and my second watching almost three years later may not have made such an impression on me, but if not, it certainly has not gone too far down. > <br /> The scenic musical "Muppets" "Melodies Manhattan" turns out to be a huge hit on their campus. They graduate, so they will leave shortly, but they will decide to stay together and go to Manhattan to try their Broadway performances. When they arrive, they start looking for the producer, but after many rejections they finally decide to part and find a job. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit stays and is still determined to find the right producer and reconnect the Muppet gang. He gets a job at a New York restaurant belonging to a man named Pete. The frog quickly befriends the daughter of Pete, Jenny, a fashion designer who is currently working at her father's restaurant as a waitress. When Kermit continues to try to achieve fame, now with the help of Jenny he does not know that Miss Piggy secretly stayed in New York and now spies on him. He starts to see Kermita and Jenny together and it looks like they are getting closer together, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, at first it looked disappointing. It seemed to be a bit hasty, unspecified, and perhaps even forgotten at first. In this part of the movie there are some funny songs such as Animal chasing a woman through the audience on the college campus, but for a moment the movie seemed bland to me compared to the two predecessors. Fortunately, it soon changed. The film is mostly funny, with "Saying Goodbye", a thrilling song that the Muppets sing, and then a lot happens. The two funniest parts MAY be Miss Piggy's anger after seeing Kermit and Jenny hugging, but I certainly laughed many times, such as poor Fozzie trying to fall asleep with other bears. Muppets still have their charm and comic antics, which of course also helps in the film, as well as the plot, simple but intriguing for all ages. There are several weaker moments, such as the sequence of Muppet children, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is weak, but none of these problems is too significant and is far from destroying the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say "The Muppet Movie", the movie that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and it seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but all are good. In contrast to "Muppets From Space", the third theatrical film in the franchise produced after the sad Henson passage, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into the details of what I think about the 1999 Muppets movie, released twenty years after their first, because I've explained in my review why I found it so disappointing, and although it has some appeal, I'm clearly not alone. However, any theatrical film with the nice Muppets created during Henson's life is a good entertainment for the whole family, even if the second and third installment, each of them, showed a slight decrease in quality from the one that immediately preceded it.
