Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a movie. There is no problem here. The sets are poor, inside and outside. The fog is ubiquitous, half masks the misery of production. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window simply says "Wine and ghosts". The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. Not one shot of the city or even a false horizon. This is the kind of Dublin that this story tells about, just like Jack the Ripper movies are about dingy, foggy, cobbled Whitechapel. Who would want it differently? How could it have been in any other way if there were no banking stars, a small budget and a four-week photo schedule? Acting follows this - we scandalously hammy in all. Sometimes, my God, it's very heartbreaking. Mrs. McPhillips moans after Frankie is shot outside the house. Victor McLaglin, however, provides exactly the same type of obsolete performance. The wardrobe pushed him into a too-small jacket, so it seems to pop out of him like a Frankenstein monster. His every move seems to go a little further than intended. When he hits his hat, he catches in the temple. A large, shrill, babbling child seems to be constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for a cash prize that will take him and his would-be girlfriend to America, not a good guy in the usual sense of the word. And yet we cry when it starts spending 20 pounds, more and more during a wild, alcoholic night, because every road and a wonderful gesture takes him further away from his dream. I would not argue with that, but I understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> Regarding the result of Max Steiner, wow. Every movement, already exaggerated, is not only underlined by Mickey Mouse music, but highlighted with a shiny yellow. This should not happen - celestial choirs, capturing young charms, a minstrel boy, bubbling melody, and McLaglen drinking from a bottle. It would be better if there was no result. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it all? From day to day - in any case, but not the product of their time. That's why I admire it. Yes, sometimes the symbolism is clumsy. McLaglen, a real mannequin, hitting her head with a hanging sign. Fog. Blind. But what impresses me is how little it was tried at that time. What today seems too artistic to us was in 1936. Something completely different from what was visible in most programmers who were then grounded. If it sometimes falls, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, both politically and morally, as well as poetically. (The legion of decency condemned him for the scene in the brothel.) The director's goal should outweigh its possibilities, or what is the script for? Watching it now, in 2006, History is more disturbing than ever. John Ford apparently sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only from what they consider necessary. ("He knows too much to live in. What if he goes to Tansa? Oh, I do not think about everything about us, Ireland.") The Irish are sentimental and compassionate. I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East do not use similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
