In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained confidence in the difficulties of switching to talkie. Although all technical problems related to sound have been solved very quickly, it took longer to resolve questions about how the images should look, how they should be constructed and how they should work. Informer is a key image because it shows to what extent meaningless moments can convey history, confirming power images without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that Informer is really returning to golden days of silence. First of all, many silent images were not so purely visual in their narratives and were overloaded with title cards. But Informer has the confidence to prolong the moments between dialogues, focus on reactions rather than speeches and let the shots take place simply for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, despite all his abilities, was a filmmaker who seems to put in effort in proportion to how much he was interested in the material. If he thought the story was stupid, he just did it half. Fortunately, Informer, with the presentation of the community, honor, living in the working class and, most importantly, the Irish scenery, was all that Ford loved and the result is one of his best works. In it, Ford really employs too many shots. First are places? Dublin streets shrouded in fog and darkness, so you can not see their deepest depths; dingy interiors in which walls and ceilings seem to push us. The second are faces, striking close-ups with a simple background, usually without dialogue, focusing us on internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The main character Victor McLaglen fits perfectly with this character and this way of filming him. McLaglen's performance does not look much, because it's about 90% of drunk behavior. But the remaining 10% are sincere emotions, because here and there his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics define as the moment of clarity. Thanks to such performances, Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a serviced cast, among which there are no weak links. In particular, it is nice that Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in comic roles, play simple dramatic parts at once (although the appearance of Meka includes one or two jokes, the tone of the stage and many of his behaviors is serious). These two people provide incredibly deep performances, their knowledge for most viewers as comedic players gives an additional note for their role in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> The CPR that Informer produced was probably the most adventurous and willing to take the risk of all major studies. Thanks to this, we are able to see a grim story with a vile antihero in its center, which could easily be a clumsy, too-serious mess, instead filled with the atmospheric atmosphere and depth of character that makes us watch and draw us into our world.
