Once again, television early in the morning turns out to be an invaluable source for films that I would not otherwise be able to track down. At four o'clock in the morning, I left the bed to start recording The Informer (1935), my fourth film from the prolific American director John Ford, and he was perfect. The script was written during the Irish Civil War in 1922. He was adapted by Dudley Nichols from a novel of the same title written by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States and is best known for his "Americana" photos, both Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-meaning robber who informs an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to collect a £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed while attempting to arrest, the Irish Republican Army, whose members were both Frankie and Gypo, begins to examine the traitor behind the incident, any clue bringing them closer to the true perpetrator. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, Gypo is harassed at the risk of his friend's untimely death and he comes down to a heavy drinking attack that rivals Don Birnam in "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in its excessiveness. When Gypo drowns his sorrows in copious amounts of alcohol trapped in a vicious circle of depression, his extravagant spending attracts the attention of IRA members. For the first time in his life, Gypo is surrounded by devotees (including funny J. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically claps him in the back and baptizes him with the "Gypo King" for his physical strength. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel a man's feelings and are simple examples for him to use for money. The extra 20 pounds brought on by Frankie's death would never have bought Gypo a gathering of friends? indeed, in bitter irony, the money was only possible through betrayal and the loss of one of his good companions. A relatively simple Gypo was not able to fully consider the consequences of his actions and finally offers him forgiveness because of "ignorance, what he does", but his stupidity can not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Criticism is sometimes targeted at Ford's film because of his supposedly propaganda support of a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude obviously depends on personal views (I certainly do not know enough Irish history to make a judgment), there is no doubt that the film depicts the Irish Republican army as a selfless, devoted and impartial, proud piece of Irish patriotism, if I ever saw it. However, the main theme of the story is betrayal; one of ordinary people, driven by intense poverty, reveals the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his deeds. Tormented Gypo plays mainly for pity, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a life of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in one terrible decision that condemns him to restless death. "The Informer" was the first great success of Oscar John Ford, winning a total of four awards (from six nominations), including for the best actor for McLaglen (who broke the statuette of tripartite favorite tracks "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1935) "}, Best director and best screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who rejected the prize because of misunderstanding on the part of the Union}.
