John Ford is one of the most influential and best-remembered American filmmakers in the history of the film, and his name is usually associated with the western film genre. However, probably John Ford's best movie is not Western at all, but a dingy drama in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer. <br /> <br /> Times are difficult for many in Ireland and burnt Gypo Nolan gets caught up in a network of misery and desperation - and the walls close. The Gypo is large, but it is not the brightest bulb on the tree, it has a warm heart, but a short fuse and it never seems to really think all along, but it is not a criminal or a selfish pig. Walking down the streets starving without the place where he lived, the clumsy Gypo Nolan finds Katie Madden in the street, the first woman in her life, striving for herself because of her desperate situation and begins to dream of taking her to the United States if he was only 20 pounds to pay for it . Fortunately, his friend Frankie returns to town with a price of £ 20 a head, and Gypo is desperate enough to inform the police about Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with new 20 pounds of blood money earned, finds this foggy night particularly vague, because guilt swells at him and the IRA invests all its resources to find Franki's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen presents the fallen Gypo Nolan and definitely deserved an Oscar for the best actor he received for this film. His brutal, stupid and delicate turns give character, and McLaglen only gives way to Arud Bach from Dudley Moore's 1981 movie of Arthur as the most entertaining film drunk. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also great, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who really make an impression. Preston Foster is particularly confused as the head of the IRA, mainly because he is apparently not Irish, and JM Kerrigan bordering on his role in the film, but this disappointing support is the only weak point of the film. <br /> <br /> Often in the shadow of some of Ford's more well-known westerns, such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is certainly one of John Ford's best films - if not his best. Starting from the long career of Oscar nominations and John Ford's victories, The Informer won four Oscars, including one for him the best director in 1936. The use of shadows and light by Ford and the company in the film is particularly immersive and important for telling the plot. A stroll through the streets of Gypo is told by the dark state of the city and the blatant accusations of streetlights, every shadow constantly reminds him of his dark deed. Commanding Ford on this technique was amazing; if The Informer was made 10 years later (meaning genre requirements), he would probably be considered one of the best noir films of all time, but it does not prevent him from remembering him as an excellent classical film.
