Maybe because I checked the history of Irish trouble in the 1920s, and then the sad civil war that seized the Free State after signing the treaty before watching the movie. In any case, the sudden turn at the end brought tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as it was then, and should be better remembered. In this movie, I think that it is played as it would be without its innate talent and mind. For example, scenes where his pal in the crowd challenge people, probably resemble what McLaglen did in his early years when he was a world-class boxer without sleeves. John Ford is partly responsible for this; the IMDb trivia section shows how he fooled McLaglen to get a really bad hangover on the test scene. This director can also bring out many of his actors, even without such tricks. Mostly, however, McLaglen has full control, especially when his character is almost completely blotto (which is difficult for the actor to believe remarkable), as well as Gypo Nolan's game with depth and emotional strength that is surprising for someone who has only seen McLaglen later in his career, in "The Quiet Man". I particularly like the contrast between this role of a man with IRA and a much more controlled performance, which he gave as an IRA man Denis Hogan in the House of the kata. <br /> <br /> Of course, in "The Quiet Man" McLaglen is a country heir who argues with a local IRA. Victor McLaglen was great and brutal in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, capable of a wide range and perfect nuances of performance that we would simply not expect from such a man today. It is rather a sad commentary on our set of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> As usual, Ford is packed into a little movie. All characters are excellent (although the commander's American accent is distracting) - ATTENTION: There are spoilers ahead of us! - Knowing that Gypo once pulled out a short straw and told him to kill a man, but instead let him get out of it, we really sympathize with a man who draws a short straw for performing Gypo, and the humanity that he shows, especially when they are going to take Gypo to the room Mary. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, taking into account what could have been the gruesome and expected result of the whole story, and instead use it to create a completely unexpected and at the same time very satisfying ending that makes us think not only of Gypo and other characters, but of poor Ireland at this tortured time.
