Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford's "The INFORMER", reminded me of a circus man from LA STRADA Fellini. Anthony Quinn played a brutal man who could be influenced by even the winning Oscar performance of McLaglen. Drowning in Dublin is a real, atmospheric environment of the image that takes place in 1922. Thick fog and a long damp night are the main elements of the story of deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican army. Conflict of individuality and cause makes the INFORMATION GUIDE accurate. The large, simple figure of McLagena just wants to go to America and often remind us about the signs of the ticket price. Two different characters become the psychological focal point of a drunk Irishman. One is the previous one, the other I WANT. Should he do this and get money to go? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said: "My name is Ford. I'm doing western. " After watching the movie, he could of course do a lot more. The serious social problems we are talking about here are cordial and those you think about. And the look of the song is amazing, consisting of long dark shadows cutting into a miserable night in Ireland. Ford has always been known for its glowing, glorious photo that helped predict conflicts in its heroes. It's a heavy color, but he did it in pictures like the LOOKING, painting John Wayne in a bad way. Victor McLaglen's performance is not only beneficial thanks to lighting, but thanks to the simplicity of its operation. There's a lot going on. He throws people out. He is a brute who does not know anything better. However, he should know whether to exceed the IRA. <br /> <br /> See the video to learn about the details. See also for the patriotic representation of IRA by McLaglen and Ford. The result of Max Steiner is innovative in how it fits the gestures of the characters, putting more emphasis on them. Usually it was only visible in silent movies, especially in Chaplin. The subject of naming names or "informing" is, of course, still valid. Just look at how the media has taken this year's Oscars, devoting a lot of attention to the scandal of Elia Kazanska.
