I remember watching it late at night on black and white TV, long before the live-action version was so brilliant in Peter Jackson's eyes ... and was very impressed. In the end, I got my hands this week on a VHS copy that was thrown (and is not it just par at the course ...?) I had the opportunity to re-visit this movie and I discovered that it still looks pretty good, it's not a success who painted the memory. <br /> <br /> I must admit here some prejudices. Some reviewers announce themselves as confirmed Jackson lovers, others as hatred for Jackson; I'm not either. I was an admirer of the adaptation of BBC Radio Brian Sibley, originally broadcast in 1981, and I immediately recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe would repeat this performance almost the same time for the radio three years later. <br /> <br /> I must say, however, that where Jackson's films were an increasingly disappointing disappointment, the Bakshi version, even though it was cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are normal, understandable changes (here instead of Glorfindel instead of Elves, Legolas is replaced, not Arwen to meet the team) and there are many telescopic actions. (The only exception to the latter, as others have noted, is the oddly extended sequence on Rivendell's chin, where the Ringwraiths demonstrate the chilling ability to freeze and retract Frodo in the middle of the flight - which they re-expose when they defy them after crossing the river - then with for some unexplained reason, they just chase after him in a prolonged gallop, which is initially a nightmare, but aimless, wise and definitely takes too long.) I would also agree that Balrog is unsatisfactory, partly because of bad animation, and that Gandalf is too quiet shoulders. <br /> <br /> But watching both approaches to the movie, I feel more than ever that the animated tour is the only one. In the story, which is a half-myth (oddly, one of them is a fragment of Beren and Luthien Aragorn's story), extreme literalism required for live filming, where you have to create everything from monsters to post shirts in detail to appear on the camera is counter-productive: latex-face monsters (or CGI) are less monstrous than sketchy shapes, heroic costumes look rather stupid on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarves with a body other than human proportions are easy to be animated, but they are difficult to imagine film. Many reviewers cite Ringwraith's sniffing in the forest, with its maimed, semi-human movements as one of the most terrible moments in the movie - it certainly frightened me when I saw them for the first time alone in the dark! br /> <br /> The extreme stylization of the introduction (plus a lectoration made with great skill and economy to summarize the story in a few sentences) works very well to show the almost mythic era and change to the comic Shire ruralism - I especially like Proudfeet - responds effectively to similar changing the tone of Tolkien's prose. I felt that there were some unused possibilities where the potential of animation could be used to achieve a perfect effect: Gandalf threatened Bilbo with his true force in opening scenes, Bilbo seemed to be a Gollum-like creature influenced by Ringworld in Rivendell and Galadriel's famous temptation all of them were drawn more or less straight, where it would be a trivial distortion of the stage to reflect the changed perception of the Hobbits. But in general, changes in detail and palette - the colors of fire in Bree, the bright colors appearing again in Rivendell and the clearing of Fangorn, dirty grays and browns for Moria and the wasteland - work well to reflect the mood of the different episodes in which the approach " Live "simply does not allow you to blur a background or sketch in a stylized environment. <br/> <br/> As a fan, I did not care about Lothlorien's presentation by Jackson or Bakshi - again I feel that the radio sound landscapes were the best evocation I came across with a beautiful, somewhat amazing forest paradise caught outside of time - and I feel that Bakshi forced the elves to sing very badly at the moment, but I like the small assembly in this place, showing how different company members rest together after their struggles in Moria. Aragorn, here giving lessons to hobby fiction, is as charming (and as non-canonical) as Boromir engaging in the hobbits in Jackson's Hollin version. <br /> <br /> Presentation of Aragorn as a convincing weather wounded commando is good in this whole movie (Viggo Mortensen's sloppy appearance really did not work for me), although it would be interesting to see how they planned to "clean up" in the second half in favor of Gondor . No wonder John Hurt gives a great voice, as does the resonating William Squire as Gandalf. I suspect that hobbits are meant to reflect contemporary youth as characters identifying the audience: I find an animated style (their proportions are much more "cartoonish" than human figures) well differentiates, and the whole "hairy" The foot created here seems much more credible than in more literal performances, including many fan works. <br /> <br /> Personally, I have fewer objections to Boromir as a Viking - he was always a dull type - than beardy-Aragorn (illogical: in the end they were both Numenorians), although I am clearly in the minority here! <br /> <br /> The big disadvantage of this image will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre overwritten teacher ending the attempt to solve problems. Detriment; it would be interesting, not to mention less frustrating, see what Bakshi planned to do with Shelob and Minas Tirith, no matter that the Umarli ...
