With the release of the famous Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy, it is even easier to discard Ralph Bakshi's 1978 animated film The Lord of the Rings as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is a key film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that does not stop me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson admitted that he drew at least the inspiration from watching Bakshi's film and there are some clear similarities between their adaptations. <br /> <br /> The colorful, picturesque backgrounds of the film are excellent and the score is unforgettable. For the most part, I was happy with the figures' drawings. Pippin's and Merry's, Eowyn's and Galadriel's pairs are largely indistinguishable from each other visually, Balrog and Drzewiec were not impressive, but these points did not bother me too much. However, Nazgul are aptly drawn and ghastly enough. The only representation of the character I cared about was Sam; He was supposed to look obscenely stupid. <br /> <br /> This movie is innovative due to animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are included in the animation through rotoscopy. It is quite obvious which characters are hand-drawn and which are rotoscopic, but nevertheless I discovered that the style of the film was new. The use of rotoscopic actors live in battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes to end well. <br /> <br /> Acting was generally high quality. John Hurt was particularly good, who was the authoritative voice for Aragorn. Aragorn is not my favorite character from stories, but John Hurt, supported by voice, was my favorite character in this adaptation. My second favorite was William Squire, whose voice is strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed inadequate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice playing was annoying and unfortunately gave Sam a stupid image. The only other bothersome part of the voice game is misspelling the names of characters and places. A particularly strange decision was the frequent determination of Saruman as "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In the production of this film, Ralph Bakshi expected that he would be able to produce two films. Hence, this movie contains about half of history, from the beginning of "The Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the battle in Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the story of the film is a very condensed version of stories from books. I am happy with original stories and more accurate adaptations, but the freedoms from which I drew history compression did not bother me, even the choice to leave Arwen from history. There were enough key elements of the story in this movie to get me involved for the duration, and even the novelty was that I could go through the half-story of the Lord of the Rings in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive, and especially the orcish march to and the battle at Helm's Deep were enormous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of The Lord of the Rings is not perfect and no doubt many Lord of the Ring Readers are lamenting to pieces. However, for me the disadvantages of this film were small compared to the thrill of watching an effective adaptation of the middle of a great trilogy. My only strong lament is that I am unable to see the second part of this "first big tale" of the Lord of the Rings, because Bakshi has not received the budget to create a continuation.
