I like this movie and it annoys me that so many "reviewers" place it below Peter Jackson's trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretive; in particular, animated film is based on the artist's vision and should be evaluated on its own terms. Speaking as a purist, it is a better tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. While this movie has its drawbacks, it remains truer for the source, especially when it comes to heroes. <br /> <br /> In the Jackson version, Frodo Tolkien is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is depicted as weakened, constantly hesitant, manipulated by forces around him and never standing on his own feet (it is physically and metaphorically true). You wonder why fate chose this inertia cake to move one ring to the Doom Cracks. Jackson inexcusably prescribes Tolkien and robs Frodo of his greatest moment when he lets Arwen save him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi version respects the original, depicting Frodo, who demands ghouls "Come back and no longer bother me!" Bakshi upholds Frodo, yes as Tolkien came up with it. We see his fall with the increase in the weight of his weight. Frodo is so important to the Lord of the Rings that you wonder why Jackson had such freedoms (he does so with many characters), because character development pushes the story to an inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film better explores the company of Legolas and Gimli in a few sensible scenes that are completely missing in the Jackson version. Similarly, we see Boromir horsing with Pippin and Merry, continuing the idea of ​​the community. In my sympathy, comradeship is more developed in the animated version than live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important component of the novel, and Bakshi pays tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn", a few minutes before tripping to Strider. The cheerful melody is coolly juxtaposed with darker music, when a few seconds later, invisible to his friends, but visible to the ghosts, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the movie and teases me every time I see it. <br /> <br /> Well-documented budget / time constraints limit the final effect of the movie, but if it was completed, it can resonate with more viewers. How it is, it's worth a look. Even critics admit that Peter Jackson drew a lot of inspiration from this prototype.
