Godard once said that the way to criticize the film is simply to do one, and probably the strongest kind that could be done about Ralph Bakshi in the Tolkien magnum opus, The Lord of the Rings, was created by Peter Jackson. The last trilogy, for me, is not even a complete masterpiece, but there is enough space for every book to breathe in all postmodernist techniques crossed with a classic tale, to make them very good, extensive pastimes. <br /> <br /> But as someone who has not read books, I now end up with two versions - live-action (though partly animated in a great visual way of effects) and animated (though partly done with actual live action as a structure) in relation to basic history and even complete fidelity to books. And in the Bakshi version, it's almost not fair, because what we see is not really a full vision, not what Jackson really did (probably the final cut). A huge, slim tide of the Return of the King thefts, and when the other two parts rushed, I ended up enjoying what he was doing as part of his limitations, although the same limitations make him disappoint. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, after watching Jackson's first films - which I also regret a little, that I could have reacted differently when I was younger and five years ago - would not the basic elements of history ever break. Everything that is really needed to tell the story of the Fellowship is actually quite intact, and if anything, which would probably be even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book, will be explained in this section. Actors playing parts of the Hobbits and other heroes are more or less adequate to the parts, with a few distinctive parts (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of additional characteristics makes things seem a bit valuable for those who have not even seen other movies or read books and could not put them in context. Characters, however, always have a certain level of interest, and here there is a greater old-fashioned sensitivity, and this is due to a larger aura. This is not a garden adaptation of Disney - warts and everything, it's a Bakshi movie, with its underground roots of animation colliding with the mythical world of Middle-earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his team of animators bring a movie is one that gives what is on the screen, in all its abbreviated form, its cancellation of a hit or omission. In addition to the fact that the film is not completely complete or as a story, the form of the film is an experiment to see if anything can be completely rotoscopically. The results end with what appears to be retro, but at the time, of course, it was something that was a rough, crazy inspiration from filmmakers. Or maybe it would be better with more traditional drawn animation? In some parts, yes; it becomes slightly noticeable, as in the case of the American pop Bakshi, that the main characters move in such a way that they are somewhat uncertain, like some kind of comic made in a different way. Despite that, I admire a lot of what has been done. <br /> <br /> For example, Orcs have been really amazing in a surreal setting. This may be the best part of the animation combination at the top of the live action, especially during parts where there is no battle material (in fact it is a real part of "hit or miss" because there is no continuity with good and bad rotoscopes), and chiaroscuro passes through large shapes on top of the horse. This is scary in a good way. And the backgrounds, although very rough and sometimes too sketchy, are beautiful with mixtures and blasts of colors. It's almost something for the enthusiasts of the artistic film, as well as for ring-nuts. <br /> <br /> So how do I recommend this animated shot of the Lord of the Rings? I do not know the truth. It is certainly a good slice of another Tolkien animated movie that I saw, the Hobbit (and I have not seen the animated ROTK yet), and there is a real artistry there. There is also a stiff dialogue, an overly hasty Two Towers segment with the most intriguing character that Gollum can reduce to two scenes. And the perception of something so fragmented ends only in strengthening the completeness of the latest films. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of books considering this, I'd say it's worth your chance, even if it's one of those opportunities, where you watch for forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it or not. As far as fitting to other Bakshi movies is concerned, I have seen that this is an impressive ambitious and uneven achievement in which, like Dune Lynch, a dark, mordor-like line is drawn on the sand between those who hate it with passion and those who who do not have it. I do not.
