As an animated film from 1978, it is quite good - generally well above the standard of times when Disney has done nothing good for years (and Tolkien did not care about Disney anyway). He gets the main points for the innovative and careful work of the camera, using film techniques with relative success. Very malicious rotoscopy works really well, especially in the case of Ringwraiths and the opening narrative. However, it is so drastically abused - perhaps as a money-saving technique - that it weakens the overall effect. The same technique that makes the phantoms horrible and unearthly does not do so well in Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> When it comes to adapting a story, it's pretty good. We're losing here and there small pieces, small details like Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We are composing several characters, such as Legolas' revision as one of Elrond's family members and Aragorn's old friend, but this is a wise decision for the film. In the books you can put references to the larger world of the great history of elves and Middle-earth. In the film, you exchange it for visual and audio, which convey the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have minor doubts about some of the changes, I'm quite happy with that. <br /> <br /> If only the talented writers could remember Saruman's name - he often referred to as Aruman, probably made a decision to distinguish him from the similarly named Sauron; it took me a second look, before I was sure I did not understand it. It is annoying that Boromir is a bloody stage of the Viking and irritable from the beginning. However, Gandalf is perfect, and most of the other voices are excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, when the film ends in the middle of the story, a huge disappointment is built in. What makes him far, much worse is the miserable work done by Rankin & Bass crew in the sequel. The fact that they were allowed to perform the King's Return after the slaughter of the Hobbit remains a huge mystery; they seem more interested in bad songs than the actual story. Because of all its drawbacks, the heart of this film is firmly embedded and tries hard to perform an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming movie series will be so faithful to their vision ...
