More than twenty years before the visionary adaptation of Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings, the animated effort of director Ralph Bakshi in 1978 was made. An ambitious and fairly faithful version of this story, unfortunately, was rather obscured by Jackson's trilogy. Indeed, many reviewers here on IMDb (mainly those who saw the newer version for the first time) seem fiercely unpleasant with this version .... but if you apply a bit of common sense and take into account the time in which it was made and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they will understand that it is a pretty good movie. Indeed, shortly after watching this animated film in the early 1980s, I was looking for Tolkien's book and immediately became a fan of these rich detailed adventures of Middle-earth. In some respects, I owe this film to a certain recognition as a film that forever shaped my literary tastes. <br /> <br /> Sauron, Dark Lord of Middle Earth, forges an all-powerful ring that gives him incredible power. After the great battle, during which Sauron was defeated, the ring falls into the possession of a king named Isildur. but instead of destroying him, he stupidly decides to stop him. For centuries, the ring goes from hand to hand, eventually getting into the possession of a hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peace-loving community known as Shire. Frodo learns from a wizard named Gandalf that his ring is in fact the One Ring, the same one that has been faked by Sauron centuries ago, and that his master is looking for him again to restore his dark power over the whole land. Frodo sets out on a dangerous journey to secure the ring with three other companions of the Hobbits, but at every step Sauron's Black Raiders ring-fools hunt for him. There are many adventures, during which a group of nine adventurers is formed to lead the ring to the only place where it can be "unmade"? Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the border of Mordor, getting closer to their terrifying goal. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of the company are fighting against a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. The second installment was supposed to finish the story, but unfortunately it was never completed. While the ending seems violent, it ends at least at a sensible point in history. You have to feel a bit of frustration and regret that there is no continuation in which we could follow these animated heroes to their final goal. The animation is passable, with a nice variety of regional settings and figures presented in interesting details. Leonard Rosenman's music moves and fits the epic narrative accordingly. Lecturers are also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who gives voice to Sam - is rather camp and goofy, which does not fit the character. The Lord of the Rings is a praiseworthy attempt to visualize the stunning book on which he is based.
