Without a doubt, HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne claims to be a science fiction father, but his stories were more adventurous stories that used great inventions as role-playing devices. Wells was profound and introduced subtexts to his stories. Perhaps his biggest legacy is that there is very little, if any, evidence that people believed in life on other planets before the age of 20, when like many people, including Richard Dawkins, considers it almost certain. Of course, there is no evidence and you can not help but know that Wells has put it into human thinking? Undoubtedly, Wells sowed the seed. <br /> <br /> THINGS THAT HAS COME, he adapted Wells from his own novel. It is quite obvious, however, that he is unable to distinguish technical details from writing novels and writing scripts. Dialouge is often heavy, unconvincing. One example is two pilots from opposite sides who discuss the nature of war "Why do we have to murder each other. Why? "This reflects criticism, almost the bare contempt Orwell had in Wells's essay Hitler And The World State, and it is true that Wells's anti-war message is painfully inflated. You can not believe that the conversation between the RAF pilot and his opposite number in the Luftwaffe a few years later <br /> <br /> It is said that it is absolutely fascinating to watch a movie from 1935. The war's prediction around the world takes place in 1940, which heralds the end of civilization. There is a striking and haunting image when the child hits the drum when the ghost army is marching in the background, and the fall of society and the fear of Wandern's disease are miraculously implemented. Even a fairly lazy story about the presentation of the year of scenery has an irresistible nature. The images that make up this film along with the score of Arthur Bliss make the film so memorable. And to be just Wells asks the question "Universe or nothing. What will it be? " In short, it is a movie whose faults are easy to forgive
