H.G. Wells in 1936. He passed his time, and his books that survive, have long since passed. He was approaching the end of his life and he faced his dream. At the very beginning of the twentieth century, he defended the idea that the world is doomed to failure, because the evolution of species, natural biology on the one hand and Marxism, the market economy on the other hand necessarily led to the victory of the weaker over the stronger because of the simple criterion of numbers. The masses of the people were weaker and the minority elites were stronger. At that time he defended a strict eugenic policy, eliminating all who in a way weakened the human race. First of all, non-Caucasians, with the exception of Jews who would disappear due to mixed marriages. Then, in the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally handicapped, all genetically disabled, etc. It was not Hitler. It was H.G. Wells and it was not after the First World War. It was over ten years earlier. And twenty years before the First World War he published the "Time Machine" which defended the idea that the human race, left to itself and thanks to the cosmic evolution of life on earth, would notice the differentiation of man "race" into two "species": the working class would an underground labor-intensive species, and the bourgeois would become an empty surface species. The idea was that in the novel, the sophisticated and poor quality of the surface was the victim of other species of predators. Wells was convinced that humanity is in danger, and politicians should stop this evolution by imposing a strict eugenic policy. The first countries that followed this command were the Scandinavian countries, which were the last to renounce it only recently. The film proposes a vision of 2036 with the world government, which is absolutely dictatorial in that there are no elections, no parliament, no really democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest, and the government is dominated by one man or one man and his few councilors . And in this future world, absolutely all people are Caucasian. Wells was able to imagine humanity completely white until 2036. Incredible. Wells predicted a kind of rebellion, but it would be short-lived and would not lead to anything. The last sentences are a vision of this white civilization that conquers the entire universe, contemplating the sky, its stars and planets. Frightening. And it was produced in 1936. All the more frightening that you can not find the slightest mention of Nazism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism anywhere. But it is important that this film is well restored, because it is important to have a full vision of H.G. Wells. We are, of course, far from the Brave New World the absolute "democratic" social selection, or the Animal Farm dictatorship of the pig proletariat, or 1984. Abstract media dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is at least as frightening as three others. I just want to compare Wells with the British science fiction writers of his time. It would be unfair to go beyond. It reveals that in England during the first three decades of the twentieth century there was tremendous fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future will only be bleak, gloomy and in the form of a kind of impasse. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
