A review of "THINGS TO COME" movies by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here's another miracle of science fiction movie filled up at another time and place. This is a film that I saw only in trim parts, but the art should be treated as a whole. I experienced this movie when it was designed, in a darkened theater, on a silver screen, with spinning film drums and an audience with which to share it. This audience and I were the result of this film! One woman who survived World War II was choked by memories of war damage and supplemented by a positive, though banal, ending. <br /> <br /> From the beginning I paid attention to the initial loans. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells is a bold angular copy, like "Superman" from the past. This is not the title of the film, but the title of the creator, and then before other people appear, such as actors or production, the director William Cameron Menzies is upstairs! Who? You've probably seen his work before, "Around the World in 80 Days," "Pride of the Yankees," and "Gone With the Wind." He did not direct after this epic sci-fi opera, which he and Mr. Wells created, but his film images, sets and projects are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> These images are very effective. I recognized images from many other films that paid tribute to this classics. The last "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is obvious, like Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Sky Captain and the world of tomorrow", "Night of the Living Dead" and much more I know about it, but the titles escape me. These are real special effects, scenes now made with CGI are performed with actors, large sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936 and it is obvious that it meant something to other authors. Wells and Menzies also collaborated with Bliss to create music, and Korda, the producer, created a masterpiece with a message, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> Shakespeare's actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey says, sometimes sounds like preaching, but I've also heard the poems I hear. "Those toys that have children today are not like me when I was a child" "It will help in the development of their coordination", "Why do we need books for what we need to read?", "We do not need cars, there is no place to go go, we have everything we need here, "There will be no war." But the war is there! Naive citizens of "Everytown" do not want to see literal writing on the wall. The endless war breaks out Christmas Eve. A little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his dad is an image that will probably always remain with me. This is the world from 1936, who wore blindness for the pardon of Hitler. This war is not over. The poison gas from the air wars enters the second act. <br /> <br /> It's another dark age. No government, no servants and people were carrying and encouraging war that no one remembers. Scourge, warlords and intimidation to fly planes for fuel that no longer exists. Beloved are shot on the street before they can transfer the plague to another. Halfway there is a wonderful vignette about Rolls Royce, which is very much needed half way. This is the futuristic plane that heralds the future. <br /> <br /> This future is the third act. The world has been rebuilt with the help of this "little animal, man". Helicopters are flying in this film before they were even invented. The plumber's helper has different uses than Dalek or Glenn Miller. Widescreen plasma screens captivating masses and speakers encouraging people to break all. "Beware of a concussion, you have been warned!", The city father warns rebellious populace. So I warn you that this movie can hit you as if it hit me. There are a few sweet mistakes and erroneous calculations, but thought provoking idealism is what you really want to consider again, and I want to see this ingenious movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells's vision. It's very easy to work with a 20/20 perspective on things, costumes and foley. I believe that Mr. Wells's "Things to come" does not concern things, but they relate to concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. Besides, we are just starting a new millennium and we are not in time yet to come. This is not cheap British Science Fiction cardboard, but it is worth Epic Filmed Opera, without singing, that as a whole it overcomes some minor deficiencies.
