I must admit to a slight disappointment with this film; I've read a lot about how spectacular it is, but real futuristic sequences, Age of Science, occupy a very small part of the movie. Kits and are perfect when we reach them, and there are some surprising images, but the last sequence is missing too many other reasons ... <br /> <br /> For much the best drama of this song is in the mid section, then the game as a melodrama, resulting from the "high concept" science fiction of nature of all this and insufficiently strong dialogue. In this part, however, there is much more human life, and the great Ralph Richardson is great sailing at the summit as a small dictator, "Chief" Everytown. I loved Richardson's manners and the modest supply of lines, rejecting the presence and ideas of the wayside, trustful guest Raymond Massey. This Boss is a poignant, persuasive figure, incapable of realizing the vague nature of his kingdom ... This is not a great role, but Richardson does a lot of it. <br /> <br /> Everytown alone is probably meant to mean England or at least an English city quite representative of England. It was interesting to completely avoid any religious side of things; "Things that will come" seem to revolve around the conflict between belligerent barbarism and faith in science that seems to have a small ultimate goal, but just keep going. There is a late attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last part, concerning a more personal "life", but one remains rather dissatisfied. The film is not interested in subtle complexities; this refers to the spectacle of barnstorming and non-subtle, dull moralism every time. And of course, let's recall the finale of the secured bet: Raymond Massey lyrically talks about how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> Regarding the question that film is prediction: I must say that it is not so bad, given that one of them makes it impossible to get the details of life in the most the right way. Bigger concepts have something for them; war in 1940, well, maybe it was predictable ... Lasting almost 30 years! Nuclear bomb - "super weapon" or any such device - in 2036 ... technocratic socialist "we do not believe in independent nation-states" - the government in Great Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately nearby, boys! ;-) There is no real policy here, which is a shame; all these surfaces are a very glorious anti-war mood. Generally, it is assumed that dictatorship - regardless of whether it is Luddycko-fascism with the head of churches or under the rule of the head, or the scientific "everything-to-pump" socialism - will * and these implications will not be touched ... remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge of how Nazism and communism would turn out - and even if they would appear - the lack of consideration of this seems to be silent beyond the scope of filmmakers' vision in other matters. <br /> <br /> Many of the earlier things should - and could - be shortened in my opinion; only the shortest things from "1940" would be necessary, but this segment tends to be quite heavy, and that is centuries before we reach the Richardson-Massey part. I'd like to see more of Margareta Scott; which is only a trifle skeptical, cutting out the shimmering Mediterranean figure to a negligible goal. The character is not examined or honestly explained or used, except for one scene that I will not spoil, and her relationship with the Boss is not investigated; but it was the thirties, and then there was such a thing as widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly amusing in his two roles; more in the first as a wretched guy, praying for war, but simply brazenly suppressed by another Massey. Massey himself helps things a lot, playing his parts with a mixture of restraint and grim taste, contrasting well with a largely different cast, with the exception of Richardson, Scott and Chapman, a bit. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly a very remarkable film that was made in Great Britain in 1936; one of the few major British science fiction movies to date! His set (piece) design and use of resources are hungry, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately too serious and sometimes everywhere. The direction is prone to flatness, although sometimes it increases the stage level or two. The cinematographer and Mr. Richardson really do save things; creating a remarkable sense of wonder with technology and engaging, violent behavior that constantly deceives. Such a shame is so little substance or a real film concept of the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would be ideal directors who would undertake this task because they are unmatched by British directors as daring storytellers, great steersmen and dealers in first-level dialogue. <br /> <br /> "Things to come", in the present word, is an intriguing singularity, worth knowing, but far from the "Metropolis" ... "It's just" stupid "in Wells's words, like Lang's movie, nothing similar to this amazing force.
