This early science-fiction masterpiece of Herbert George Wells with music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful film work. Adapted from a slightly different work by the author by Wells, it presents a look at the human future with the theme of periods of war as periods of "peace." This structure consists in the fact that after the contrasting episodes of normality and the gathering clouds of war, the scenario allows for war. Two families, Cabells and the Passworthys, disagree about what might happen; The ability to accept hopes for the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is a thinker, doubting. Their city Everytown - of course London - is destroyed by the war with tanks, the magnificent Bliss war march and the end of civilization. The second part states that people living in the remains of what was the city under the "Boss", played boldly by Ralph Richardson, whose woman, the charming Margaretta Scott, is as fascinating a dreamer as he is a typical dictator. He tries to rebuild old WWI planes so that he can attack a nearby hill tribe to complete his small kingdom; a young scientist complains that his work constantly interrupted aircraft requests - etc. - eternally; this is Wells's commentary on war versus progress. Those who survived are also subject to the plague called the "Wandering Disease". Enter the modern flying machine piloted by Cabell from the first part of the movie, now part of Wings Over the World, an international coalition of scientists who plan to end the war forever. This modernist coverall has fascinating conversations with the boss and his woman, their attractiveness is obvious; then Boss sends his plane to them, the scientists arrive with a huge number of planes and drop the "Gas of Peace" to the ruins of Everytown. Only the Boss dies, fighting too hard against pacification. The film shows mined ore and slow steps into the girders of the magnificent new futuristic city of towers. In the third part, the future Cabell convinces about the future valuable morality of the humanities. Wondering if they have the right to send people to the moon; Cabell defends human rights for advancement and the need to broaden its horizons. The son of the passive and daughter Cabell, or astronauts are sent. Theotocopulos, a religious Luddyta, makes a fiery speech on a big screen at the City Forum and attacks the "space weapon", or launching a new rocket without Earth's gravity. The climax of the action is the effective launch of a space pistol; the termination and ending is the speech of Cabell, praising value and science, which is widely regarded as the deepest defense of the mind ever written. "It's the entire universe - or nothing!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "What will it be like?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey is probably the biggest show on the screen; is a caring, compassionate and reasonable, real scientist. Cedar Hardwicke, as a router who wants to end the era of science, is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman playing in Passworthy impersonates the convention and fear. The plot is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Considering almost the extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​civilization conducted by scientists involved in reconstruction becomes credible and credible for the viewer. It is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all those interested. Listen to a dialogue with someone you love; in its constructed boundaries it is the drama of a thinking man discussing two possible human future - progress or his reactionary opposite.
