I was just a kid in my arms when George Lucas delighted the world with his saga from this world, describing the adventures of the young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar, but even today I can appreciate the genius of Lucas and the amazing imagination being blessed. In A New Hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories, introducing us to such memorable characters as a ragged princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and thrilling Luke Skywalker, as well as the most-liked villains, the evil Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back he went all the way to show us that special effects can add to the story and go to something that no one thought could be done on the screen. He made a movie without a specific purpose or beginning and went down. The return of the Jedi is the right end of the saga that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When Empire Srtikes Back ended with the casing of the charming Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite, which will be delivered to Jabba the Hut and young Luke stagger after discovering the terrible truth about his Father, we have the feeling that everything is going wrong. It seemed that Vadar won the day. How did we ask if rebels could ever regain their strength after this blow? In the stunning and captivating last chapter of Lucas, we stick to the edge of our seats from bold rescuing Han from Jabba's palace to the final climax of the Death Star between Luke and Vadar, while Luke struggles between fulfilling his Jedi and rebel duties and trying to awaken the good which he believes is still in the Father's soul. <br /> <br /> Old friends like smoothly talking Lando Calrissian and eternally beloved Chewbacca join the last battle to end all battles as the new darker more dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the Emperor himself (played by the genius Ian McDiarmiud. behind Oscar is a mystery.) desperate to turn Luke into the dark side, even if it means betraying his student Darth Vadar. black with red eyes, ghastly white, disfigured face and sinister laughter, it's a really terrifying addition to history and undisputed master of events that are developing. His new and improved Death Star is a disaster for the rebels, but the brave group begins one last desperate attack to end the Empire's rule for good. <br /> <br /> Lucas has managed to turn on three different stories at once and keep the action so that the audience will be attached. We are excited to see Han and Leia try to bring a shield around the Death Star from the Endor forest to the moon with the help of charming Ewoks (which I do not believe they are taking from the movie.) I feel that I am providing a kind of rebirth in battle in the Death Star and difficult through legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers, we support Lando and other pilots who take on the powerful Imperial Fleet and risk their lives and limbs to fly to the Star of Deatn to destroy it once and for all, and with bated breath we observe how Vadar and the Emperor are trying turn Luke into the dark side, while he in turn tries to turn his father back. <br /> <br /> But for me the most difficult yet fascinating battles are that it happens in Darth Vadar. ROTJ is a battle of emotion and Vadar is between loyalty to the Emperor and the Empire and his paternal tendencies to Łukasz. I never thought that the mask may show emotions, but somehow you can not miss the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the last scenes when Emporer turns on Luke. Vadar has more depth and emotion than I believed in a villain, especially one machine that a man could have and I think it makes him so accessible. He is in conflict. A disciple just like the Master. Victim as much as a rogue Without ruining the end, the final stage of Vadara is the most intense and wonderful in the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of Saga. Star Wars is the most fascinating and engaging Sagas I have seen for a long time, and I have not yet seen another Saga compete with her. The return of the Jedi has all the ingredients necessary to ensure the ending masterpiece of Lucas. It's action, tension, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy in one and it's unforgettable characters, great special effects and catchy music that make both a great movie in itself and the ending that Lucas can be proud of.
