OK, my title is a bit bad and I almost sell this short movie. I remember watching Siskel and Ebert in 1994, talking about the film, then playing a clip or two. Not being a rap-conscious guy (though I could identify the music of Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then S & E showed the scene in which the band explains how they chose their name (using "shaded" logic and a few "imaginary facts"), followed by another scene in which the team and their competitive team visit the school promoting engagement (and of course NWH invents "information" about how the leader of the competing team is a loser, because he received good grades at school and was a member of the annual committee). So I put aside that I should see this movie. <br /> <br /> A few years later this thing appears on HBO and I recorded it just to laugh for hours. Yes, it has the rhythm of "Spinal Tap" ... even a documentarian takes basically the same "tone" in preparing clips, and the band follows a similar path (which I now call "Behind the Music" phenomenon - a small band has good chemistry, it gets famous, too much money for fast, quarrels, drugs, some kind of death, the band breaks down, then he'll settle in, hoping for more albums in the future and disappear in black. "One thing that's real is the fact that in Spinal Tap you catch the band probably with a bit of success in the past, but the Tap lasts in some moments, and in my mind it is limited to the laughter that is created by certain scenes Oh, this is its rant about the scenes, this is the place where he wants to for the amplifier to go to "ELEVEN", this is the place where the guy makes a stone size, etc ... <br /> <br /> Contrasting to FoaBH, which seems to have more "fade" iwany "humor. You can see some of them, but there is not a big configuration for every joke. Sometimes jokes are simply flowing. Cundieff and the other actors in the band had real chemistry that worked. Also, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a bunch of other caricature rappers really worked well. I think it's a movie you watch once to get the main story and laugh and then come back and watch how to catch subtle jokes. And songs. Is "My Peanuts" better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but they're both damn funny. The amazing Tone Def movie during its "awakening" phase is so bizarre but so much fun. <br /> <br /> I could take a moment, but save time and do not waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour and I was bored. You will not get bored at FoaBH. There are slightly less fun moments, but you never know when something good will happen. Perhaps my favorite scene is that Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (the name breaks if I've ever heard) reveal that they share the same girl ... at some point, you have these two guns pointing at yourself and another thing you know , manager, photographer, girl and I think that even Tone Def are in the room, pointing the weapon at yourself, changing the goals back and forth. And of course someone shot himself. <br /> <br /> I thought it strange that NWH managers suffered similar fate for Spinal Tap drummers (although they did not burn spontaneously, I do not think so). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this movie, although it's definitely more of a Spinal Tap hip-hop. Although there are some similarities, humor is different, and the movie seems more like a documentary (maybe because we do not recognize in this single actor, even the one who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds"). In conclusion, this film has, in my opinion, "street cred". Like NWH.
