This film is in my opinion the weakest film from the original Star Wars trilogy for various reasons. However, at the end of the day the winner appears, despite all his disadvantages. It is still a very good movie, even if its quality depends on the characters that were built in the 2 best parts. <br /> <br /> The problem here is the look of the movie, which is not very consistent with the other two films. I put a lot of money on the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first two movies have this dirty, vivid look with all the technology and so on. On the other hand, in the "Jedi" even rebels look as if they just came out of the shower and had properly cleaned uniforms. This makes the film less textured. Also, the creatures were too muppet and slippery. At this point, it seems that film makers were more interested in creating templates for future action figures than in the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a completely new experience in the cinema, and "Empire" took us to the alien worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" lamely re-transposed the places of the first film. First, we return to the desert planet Tatooine, and then we watch them meet with another star of death (maybe the emperor could not come up with anything new ... but one would think that Lucas or Kasdan can). Besides, we have these novelties that are really simply disgusting bears for mattel, in a processed version of what was supposed to be a big Wookie fight at the end of Star Wars, if they did not run out of cash. It feels like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" is for me the poor service of Han Solo. While he is crucial to the plot of the first two films here, he fights for the screen by trading lines with droids. Instead of a real drama, we got stuck with a bad pretext that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Łukasz - as if she never came to the conclusion of the "Empire" in which she confessed her love for him. The whole is very fancy and barely conceals the fact that Solo's character was not part of his main story after his rescue. Ford, for his part, looks bored and lacks a style that would make his earlier appearances stand out. It's more like Ford's performance from the 90s, bored and looking "over" the movie itself. Fisher, for his part, is clearly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in the "Empire", here is stuck as a seeming person who we care about in a gigantic space battle. Only Hamill, considering the interesting development of Luke's character, is really able to do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only major actor in the movie who still cared for his work. To be honest, the script gives him more to do than other characters. It really is his story, and the other characters are only part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does an excellent job, just like the emperor. The film would sink if it was too far (as it was in new films). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effects works, apart from the "clean" look of everything, it is difficult to find a mistake. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most sophisticated in history. Space battles at the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> In the end, the film was successful based on the achievements of its ancestors. But in itself it is a satisfying entertainment and IMHO much better than any of Lucas' later productions.
