Brian Yuzna is often not welcome as a director in his kitsch festivals, but the truth is that his films are not bad at all. The next parts of Re-Animator are not as great as the original, but they are still remarkable when it comes to sequels of horror movies. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best in the series; Society is not a world away from being a surrealistic masterpiece of horror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but it perfectly shows the eye of Yuzna to the horror, and the plot moves in a always captivating and captivating way. I am really surprised that the horror of dentistry appeared only in 1996, because going to the dentist is almost a primary fear - he is running away from the tiger for the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; It seems to me that I am in the minority. The plot follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a nice home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - almost everything most people want. However, his life gains strength as he discovers the wife's romance with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; just like his patients who feel the fullness of their anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to frightening the audience, this movie really does. However, you should ask the director to extract the full number of horrors from the main topic. The fact that he is doing a good job sums up the fact that I do not want to go to the dentist - but one particular scene made me cover my eyes! The film follows the standard scenario of a crazy man, only in the case of the Dentist you can always get the impression that there is more to the film than what we see. Not infrequently, gore can make an impression on the content level - and although he will not win any prizes, the parody of the upper class is well associated with the story. Acting, while class B is really impressive; with Corbin Bernsen in the lead role and doing a good job, convincing the audience that he really is a man on the edge. I should thank Brian Yuzna for casting Ken Foree in the movie. Star Dawn of Dead does not have enough work, and I really love watching him in movies. The rest of the cast does not make an impressive impression, but everyone does their job well. In general, the dentist offers a refreshing change in the 90s. Scenes gore will definitely appeal to horror fans and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
