The dentist begins in the morning on the wedding anniversary of Dr. Alana Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). Seemingly Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone seem to have a nice life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles and have a career with responsibility, but in this respect is very bad. Alan discovers that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Stadvec), a pool cleaner to add to his humiliation Alan then discovers that Matt is having sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his neighbors, and for starters it owes everything to the IRS, who breathe his neck, a lot of money. Alan begins to lose his mind, he finds out that everything is broken and rotten, just like his patient's teeth, and it depends on him. At work this morning, he gets upset and nervous about his patients, first he hurt a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin) and a sexual assault - a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucinates that he is his wife and deliberately performs unnecessary and painful procedure on another. Alan also starts taking drugs, because he completely loses them and begins to kill, starting with his adulterous wife and pool ... <br /> <br /> Director: Brian Yuzna I thought Dentist was a good movie and I tried something a little different. The script by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is a more psychological thriller than the usual slasher, which was a surprise for me because I was expecting the latter. It would be easy to make a teenage slasher movie, such as Friday the 13th (1980) with a large body number and wise dentist breaking, but what the Dentist really turned out to be completely different. The dentist is at the heart of studying the character of one man who falls into madness and does a good job, although he said that I'm not sure what he is going through is sufficient justification for his subsequent murderous actions. It moves at a good pace, it has a nice narrative in which I liked Alan's constant relationship with the disintegration he sees in his patients, and the disappearance that he sees in the world around him, and is a fun way to pass 90 strange minutes. It goes without saying that anyone who has a phobia about the dentist should probably give him a longing or never go again! I also liked the ending, when the tables are turning, I will not say more ... <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna does his usual good job here, in fact I do not think I saw Yuzna a film that to a certain extent me he did not like it, of course, and predictably uses the opportunity to play our fear of the dentist with cool sets of dental torture, including pulling people's teeth, sexual harassment, performing drug operations and torturing people with a terrifying dental drill. There are also other gore scenes, a dead dog, someone feverishly cut with a knife and cut tongues. Yuzna gives the film a style that was probably low, he likes to tilt the camera, which creates nice angles and I liked the shot, where the camera is above someone who is a knife and huge splatter of blood on the floor in a nice wide angle. <br /> <br /> Technically. The dentist has great, decent cinematographic, musical and production values, although some special makeup effects look a little unconvincing. Acting is quite strong from everyone involved in Corbin who are doing well. Always a great favorite Ken Foree as detective Gibbs, one of the best in Los Angeles. <br /> <br /> The dentist did not show up as I expected and the better if your horror fan and maybe want something other than this is worth checking out. I liked it and I think it is definitely worth seeing.
