A dentist is really a good thriller. And very disturbing. I think that we can all agree that the chances of falling into a psychologist are much greater than for monsters, vampires or zombies. That is why this movie is so frightening. During this movie you'll probably think about your dentists a few times. Is he able to do such things ... Better pray for his wife not to cheat on him. That's what this story is all about. A respected dentist in Los Angeles surprises when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with her boyfriend from the pool. (By the way, it must be the biggest profession in the world. Poolboys always use housewives when the husband is at work). He can no longer concentrate on his patients, and several of them are injured. Things are no easier for our dentist when he is being hunted by an annoying tax inspector, an inquisitive policeman and a suspect employee. At some point, Dr. Feinstone can not take it anymore. Now he is not only after his wife, but also all those who approach him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-author Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation for yourself. These two people have already given us some great horror movies (and my favorites), such as Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, once again they manage to deliver a funny and very chilling thriller. This movie actually came on time. The decade has not brought us so many great horrors so far. I do not say it is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great as an obsessive hygiene dentist. I remember him mainly as a comedian or drama actor, but he will certainly deal with the psychotic character. The rest of the cast also works well. The woman who plays the wife of Feinstone is really attractive. Besides, it was great to see Ken Foree again. The actor from my favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays a policeman in this movie. Yuzna also dropped him on From Beyond 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this film to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I advise you to skip it), but if you look at it, you'll like it very much. You will be disgusted ... but I think that's an additional reason. It's been some time since I was really scared to watch the movie. It's a great topic to master in this genre, and Yuzna does it in a great way. It is a pity that after this film there was a completely unnecessary continuation. My humble opinion about the dentist ... 8/10
