I thought ROTJ was by far the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest part of the trilogy by many who voted. It seemed to me that ROTJ was the best, because it had the deepest plot, the most tense, surprises, the most emotional (especially the end) and by far the most episodic movie. Personally, I really like Empire Strikes Back, but I think it's a bit less good than ROTJ, because it was slower, it was not so episodic, and I just did not feel as much tension and emotion as in the third movie. <br /> <br /> It also seems to me that after reading these surprising reviews, the reasons why people referred to ROTJ as a movie inferior to the other two are simply absurd and irrelevant compared to the very excellence of the film as a whole. I heard many strange reasons, such as: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because little Ewoks defeated a team of stormtroopers d) Because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br /> I would like to refute each of these reasons, because I think they miss completely. First of all, WHO DOES YOU BETTER, if Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted him to die. Do not get me wrong. I'm a fan of Bobby Fett, but he did some episodic performances and it was not Lucas' intention to make him the main character in the movies Star Wars fans made him. Nowhere in the film was his name even mentioned ... You had to go to the credit to find out what is called Bobba Fett !!! Judging by ROTJ, because a small character died, I think it's a bit ... Second, many fans did not like dying Yoda. Sure, that was an important moment in the film. I was also not happy to see him die, but it makes the movie more realistic. All good guys can not survive in a realistic movie. Otherwise, if ALL the good guys were alive, and EVERYTHING were evil, this movie would be synonymous with a cheap Saturday cartoon. Another aspect to the point that people do not like Yoda's death ... Well, nobody complained when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in New Hope. (Many believe that the new hope is the best of the trilogy). Why Obi Wan's death was good, but Yoda did not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Another reason I can not believe it was that people found beautiful Ewoks who overwhelmed stormtroopers. It was impossible. This is totally funny! I can not believe it !! First, the Ewoks are on their home planet Endor, so they are aware of their area because they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many of the tactics used by the Ewoks to defeat the stormtroopers were to use the advantage in the home field. (Since you've lived in the forest all your life, I hope you learn to use it in your favor.) They had swaying vines, ropes, logs set for a walker's trip, and other traps. The stormtroopers were very wronged because they were outnumbered and did not realize the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their flamethrowers. Let us add that the Ewoks did not fight with the stormtroopers themselves, but in the conquest they were helped by rebel bands. I thought that if the stormtroopers had defeated the combination of the Star Wars heroes, the rebel group, and the huge Ewoks clan with great knowledge of their area, it would be a great anxiety. Finally, if this scene was still unbelievable for you ... Or maybe in Empire Strikes Back or in A New Hope, where there were FEW scenes from the group consisting only of Han Solo, Chewbacca and Princess, shot by ten stormtroopers and all their launchers They missed when the heroes were in sight! What's more, the heroes always hit the stormtroopers with arrows. The soldiers must have a VERY VERY bad target! At least in the Empire, the counterattack of the Battle of Endor was much more credible, because two armies fought with each other not three heroes against the legion of stormtroopers. Do not believe me? Check out the battle in Cloud City when our heroes fled the Lando base. Or when our heroes saved Princess Leia and were shot dead (somehow they longed) when Han Solo and Luke tried to leave the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I want to discuss (others are just too preposterous to spend my time here.) Did not people like to reveal Darth Vader! Well, in many respects it was the main part of the movie's story. Luke tried to find out if Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would be a disappointment if the movie ended and Luke did not see his father's face, because it filled him up. Through the revelation of Annakin it symbolized the passage of Darth Vader from being possessed by the Dark Side (in his helmet) and for a good man like Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin died again turned into the light and that was the meaning of the helmet removal scene. Actually, I would do it on this stage, if I was Luke's father ... Would not you do it if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died, not in a mechanized helmet? <br /> <br /> On the other hand, I think that the subconscious or conscious expectation of most people is that the sequel MUST be worse (even if it's better) that previous movies are another reason why ROTJ is not so good a lot of praise that it deserves. I never go into the movie thinking about this scam, I always try to get into the movie with the attitude that "Well, it could be better or worse than the original ... But I can not know for sure ... Let's see. "In this way I go with an open mind and do not fool myself thinking that a clearly better movie is not as good as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these films, but I asked a lot of students and adults who are their favorite Star Wars movie and everyone tells me (except for one person who said A New Hope it was their favorite) that it is ROTJ. I believe that the results of these surveys are scary and quite confusing. <br /> <br /> Conclusion, Jedi's return was the best in the Trilogy. This movie was the only of three films that kept me in rhythm for 135 minutes. There was no moment of boredom, because every scene was full of tension, exciting, surprising or all of the above. For example, the emotional light battle of the saber between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than the one in the Empire strikes every day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will go to see the Phantom Threat with an open mind, because if fans start looking for nitpicky, irrelevant details (or perceive it as "the next continuation") to destroy a movie such as "This the film stinks because Luke is not in it! "then this well-deserved film will become another spectacular film that will be the subject of derision, as unfortunately ROTJ suffered. <br /> <br />
