I remember this movie especially when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this film and how he frightened him as a child. Of course, being thirsty for the gala blood that I am, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how to do it without losing credibility, so I'm going to say it, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's a stupid, not the best story, and besides bloody and macabre, but that's what I was looking for, and the Dentist provides horror, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need such a funny movie just to free myself and make money. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On the day of her wedding anniversary, she spies on her wife Brooke, having sex with their dirty pool man, Matt. The first patient of the day in the dental office is young Jody Saunders, who is on the first dental visit. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. At the beginning, everything goes smoothly until you can imagine that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His traces of teeth, stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody's mother lifts a crying, bleeding child and angrily comes out. Feinstone sees his second patient, the queen of the beauty of April Reign. Alone with April Feinstone calms her with nitrous oxide so that he can fill the cavity in one of her molars. As she drifts into unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines herself transforming into his wife. She begins to kiss and caress her on the armchair, and then begins to choke her. April begins to cough and wakes up from gas. Feinstone jumps out of his trance and quickly fastens the April blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day before and sends his employees and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in his practice. He reveals his new Italian patient room. He encourages Brooke to try the dental chair in the room. When he does, Feinstone binds her to the chair and calms her with nitrous oxide. With the operatic music roaring in the background, he starts pulling Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has come down from a deep end and will not let anyone stand in the way of cleanliness. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as stupid as this movie, I had a great time watching the Dentist. The best scene is no doubt that he teaches this nasty IRS agent a hygiene lesson that he will never forget. Man, I do not think I brushed my teeth so much after seeing the Dentist. Yes, I'm going to warn you, this movie is not for weak hearts in any way, it's very bloody. There are knife stabs, gunshots and violent scenes with dental tortures that will make your stomach turn. However, in some way I just liked this movie, if I ever want a good gore movie that was created for real horror fans, I slip it into my DVD player, and this is LOL tooth! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I'm trying, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
