After seeing his wife (Linda Hoffman) engage in sexual contact with a pool boy, a somewhat unstable dentist, Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) will completely surprise, which means serious trouble for his patients. <br /> <br /> This charming semi original and funny horror director Brian Yuzny was a welcome change compared to the usual horror movie, which was given in the late nineties. Although "The Dentist" is supposed to be a cheesy, funny little movie, Yuzna assures that the film provides shocks and emotions that many more serious films try to release. Despite the suffering of the lack of background on the central heroes, and thus allowing events that should be built took place within a few days, the film is intriguing, generally well-written and well thought-out, which allows the viewer to remain interested, even in more absurd moments. The "dentist" sometimes suffers from dragging, but in contrast to the much worse sequel of 1998, there are only sporadic, uninteresting moments and the overall film is well-kept. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very persuasive in the role of sadistic, insane and perfectionist doctor Alan Feinstone. The manner in which Bernsen is able to credibly recite his poems, especially in relation to the abominations and immorality of sex (especially fellatio), is something unusual. While many actors may have problems presenting a psychologist who is obsessed with cleanliness without leaving too tacky or ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really match the personality of the character he is trying to portray and makes the film more enjoyable. If "The Dentist" was not meant to be fun, almost comic, horror, Bernsen's performance would probably be much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including the pre-Mark Mark Ruffalo) did not achieve very good results and although the film was not really damaged by this, stronger performances could add more credibility to the film. <br /> <br /> "The Dentist" is not a horror film to be taken seriously, but it is certainly pleasant, especially (I suppose) for fans of a cheesy horror movie. Those who were irritated by the number of clones ?? Scream (1996) from the late nineties, they might as well consider it a refreshing change. A rarely boring and generally well-written script, as well as some kind of direction, help make The Dentist one of the more pleasant, bad horrors of the 90s. In addition, we present some particularly realistic and (generally) realistic scenes of dental torture, which should satisfy the majority of gorehounds. Far from perfection, but also far from bad, "Dentist" is a film that is definitely worth seeing at least once. My opinion for "The Dentist"? 6.5 / 10.
