The main theme of this dirty Harry is that revenge is the best dish served cold. Sandra Locke is cold in this movie because she is beautiful. Locke is normally "8", but with a deadly pistol in his purse, "tense" for bad guys, he climbs up to "10" on a full scale. After raping gangs, along with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, as Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the attack from her life, the best she can. Her sister is almost a coma as a result of trauma, so the memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of his attackers on the street in S.F .; he buys a gun, goes after him to the bar, lets him pick her up, and when they are alone in his Cadillac, starting to love, shoots him ... once in genitals, once in the brain - on the opening stage !! You must love this brave lady. It has its priorities simple. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her anger on the canvas FOR NOW. After completing the first perpetrator, Jennifer observes Det. Curiously. Insp. Harry Callahan is processing a fresh crime scene after finding his body in Caddy. Then he insults some of the frightening teenagers who torment women in the street, visits their sister in a nursing home, and then goes hunting in San Paolo, California, "up the coast," where the rape event took place years ago. With more bullets in the suitcase and more determination in mind, our heroine experiences a rape in her head with a vivid memory as she approaches the execution of each subsequent rapist. Not infrequently for us, right-wingers, when it comes to convicting or executing a violent criminal, do not be sad because of his unfortunate humanity, we REMEMBER THE CRIME and SUFFERING which he has inflicted. Such recalled events shoot Jennifer to pull the trigger of each attacker - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the movie, Jennifer's revenge scene is intertwined, IL "Dirty Harry is blowing a few gangsters in the coffee shop, remember" Go ahead. He later threatens to run into a punk kid (who just offended Callahan) in the court elevator, as he would do on a dog ** t .... leaving a young worker-woman staring at Clint as if to say "I want to have your baby." My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes of action when Harry threatens and threatens a murderous mafia boss named Threlkis in a deadly coronary wedding at his hotel granddaughter Mark Hopkins. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) performs a wonderful job as a sinful Mafia Don, even if he is only in one scene, dying in the most convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! Punk gang elevator and Threlkis' henchmen try to kill Harry in two tightly arranged scenes, and most of them end up horribly dead. Yes, part of the gun game starts out like boring violence on the screen ... It looks like Clint's director might have been tired this day of filming. But there are only so many ways to send a man with crutches. Punk children die much more creative because they both burn to death and drown in S.F. Bay. He warms my heart. With such aggressive intentions directed to Insp. Callahan, his bosses send him to San Paolo to try and get some information on the killing of the 22 caliber vasectomy because Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermons on tops of the liberals. I love Harry. While our protagonist annoys local cops and citizens in San Paolo, there are two more murders, the same M.O., on a lazy, lazy fisherman and an equally terrifying hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They think that they both agree on such topics as Law and order, Making guilty wages etc. Can a hot love scene appear soon? We are convinced that this is how it is. The characters abound in a crime drama from a real man who meets a real woman, and we meet a bright dam with the name of Raye Parkins, which is annoying and funny. Raye has set Jennifer's rape for his "boyfriend" years ago, and she will finally get it. The San Paolo police chief, played by Pat Hingle (famous hangman in "Hang Em High"), is strangely inconsistent with Callahan's detective work on 22-inch vasectomes until we find out that his own growing up son was one from gang rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, the son of Janning, he is now an adult in a coma, but angry at guilt. But it can not end here. Mick, the peasant rapist, now a moronic criminal, rides in from Vegas, because Raye dropped a ten-piece on Jennifer, calling him to San Paolo to prevent another execution. Mick sleeps in Raye's house, but his timing is bad, and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, mainly because of the fact that since then she has been sent to the Island of Eternal Lesboes by a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick finally finishes bail, and Jennifer will attack him. A desperate pursuit follows when Harry tries to stop these two from killing each other. Everything ends well when a good girl and a good guy are going into the sunset together with the beautiful blues song of Robert Flack.
