Despite the feelings of most Star Wars fans, in my opinion, "Return of the Jedi" is the biggest movie film ever made. Ever since I saw him for the first time, its depth, intensity, special effects and moving history overwhelmed me. The film was so well composed that it was able to withstand the test of time in the last 20 years. Filled with a powerful action, as the culmination of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us a thrilling end to the saga "Star Wars" in the "Jedi". <br /> <br /> Summary of the movie (includes Spoilers for those who did not have the audience) <br /> <br /> After "The Empire Strikes Back" left us suspended for 3 long years, finally we find the end of this story in "Return of the Jedi". Darth Vader, in emotional turmoil, unexpectedly visits the new unfinished Death Star to oversee its construction. Emperor is seen in this film for the first time because he has a final plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring young Luke Skywalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chevy and the droids go to Tatooine to save the frozen Han Solo before the Lord of Crime; Jabba The Hutt. After rescuing Han and defeating Jabba, Luke returns to Dagobah to find dying Yoda, where he meets the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. The rebel heroes regroup with the Rebel Fleet. Now joined to other species and races, including Mon Calamari, Rebels must create an all-or-nothing attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando directs a space attack at the Millennium Falcon, the heroes of the Rebellion must turn off the Star of Death's shield generator on Endor's Forest Moon. It is here that the rebels meet with furry, but powerful Ewoks. During the two-part intense battle, the third battle must take place when Luke willingly gives himself to Vader, trying to persuade him to leave the dark side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke has to face his father when the Emperor draws out his dark emotions. When young Skywalker is about to face his death at the hands of Palpatine, Vader turns to his wicked master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Filled with a deep, timeless story of good versus evil, "Return of the Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged film that will buy good in all of us.
