When this film was originally released, it was promoted with a clearly unimaginable slogan "Dirty Harry is in it again". Regardless of what amount is lacking in originality, it is more than offset by total and absolute accuracy. Sudden Impact preserves all the aspects that made Harry's previous three Dirty films so successful - tight pacing, fascinating storyline, strong supporting characters, endless shooting and bone humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved, but strengthened - it is the darkest, bloodiest and most open right-wing part of the series. <br /> <br /> The plot is quite intriguing: after killing the funny number of the Stalker, Inspector Callahan is sent to a forced "vacation" by his superiors to the sleepy seaside town of San Paolo. His job is to investigate the background of the recent murder victim who was shot in the genitals before being expelled from his (undoubtedly significant) disaster by the second shot in the head. At the beginning of the film, the audience realizes the identity of the killer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who hunts the thugs who raped her and her sister in a funfair from ten years ago. This incident is shown in a very disturbing retrospection, the fragments of which are repeated before each new murder. As more and more bodies begin to appear with the same M.O, it becomes clear to Harry that both the local police chief and his new interest in love (guess who?) Know more than they say. To make things even more complicated, single-time rapists realize who is hunting them and starting to hit hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden influence" offers a continuous operation from beginning to end. Clint Eastwood directed the film personally and expertly deals with a series of sets, culminating in a thrilling climax. The performance of Sondra Locke effectively transmits a combination of ruthlessness and brittleness that define its character. Having said that, one might wonder if another actress (who was not Eastwood's companion at the time) could have brought more charisma and drama to the role that Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd thought about as potential candidates. Supporting members who outweigh their weight are Albert Popwell as Harry Horace's partner, Paul Drake as psychopathic Mick and the truly steal scene of Audrie J. Neenan, who depicts malicious writer Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the movie has some significant problems - some plot lines (reluctance between Harry and the gang of twenty-somethings, and Mob vendetta against him) take too much time on the screen and do not really have anything to do with more history. Their only real application is to raise the number of bodies to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie it sometimes seems that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he needs to use the toilet. However, the film moves to a higher gear as it progresses, and the triangulated cat and mouse game between Callahan, Spencer and her former tormentors assumes dominance. This second hour clearly shows that a more deprived and slightly changed scenario would give Sudden Impact the potential to become a first class neo-noir thriller that could move the series to new levels, but still contain more than enough .44 magnum heroes, to please Harry's loyalists. Instead, we get a movie that Eastwood and Warner Bros. apparently they wanted to do it - a well-made, but prototype action film from the eighties, which mostly refuses the special challenge of the intelligence of its recipients. <br /> <br /> It was by far the largest delete of the series at the box office and it is not difficult to understand why. Although it is not a movie that could be, it is still a big, joyous game. Even after multiple reviews it will have its day.
