In the masterpiece of Don Siegel from 1971, "Dirty Harry" Clint Eastwood personified the super-strong, super-cool unorthodox, senseless policeman from the role of the title inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan. Two more parts, of which the first, "Magnum Force", became accustomed to the delightfully incorrectly political attitude of the first, which outraged many critics, but delighted the audience. The second continuation, The Enforcer, was again more fierce and promoted as "the dirtiest of Harry's". This title, however, belongs to the fourth film from the series "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood, which is undoubtedly the most subtle, the most nasty, the most brutal and dirtiest movie about Harry, and in my humble opinion is the second-most original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Note! SPOILERS are ahead of us! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) lures men to be alone with her. These people do not know that the mysterious beauty is their former victim of rape, longing for bloody revenge. The fate is that the heaviest San Francisco policeman, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who has been suspended for the anger of his superiors, spends his free time in this town ... "Sudden influence" is the dirtiest film of Callahan in several respects. The film is extremely rough and graphic. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not afraid to use his 44th Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry treats "punks" the way they are to be treated, and even allows the person to escape with several murders, because the murder of revenge is justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood is as always brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood personified coolness and bad style as "Man With No Name" in "Dollar Trilogy" by Sergio Leone, and he did it again in the films "Dirty Harry." "The sudden impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. True Eastwood's girlfriend, Sondra Locke, fits perfectly into the role of vengeful beauty. Big Pat Hingle, who had already worked with Eastwood in Ted Post's heartwoods 'Hang' Em High in 1986, plays a police chief in a small town. The film also contains a wide range of scornful scumbags, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan), undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and wicked female figures in the cinema. Albert Popwell, who played the robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" Scene in "Dirty Harry", and the leader of black fighters in "The Enforcer" is also part of this movie, this time as a colleague and friend of Harry. Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the most subtle, dirtiest and probably the most brutal of all the films "Dirty Harry" (though "The Dead Pool" is not a bit tame), and my second favorite after a brilliant original from 1971. Absolutely an obligatory place for fans of Callahan and highly recommended to all lovers of police thrillers and cinematography. My rating: 8.5 / 10
