Clint Eastwood would play again as a tired battle detective Harry Callahan, but he also directed the fourth entry in the "Dirty Harry" series. Sudden Impact, like other add-ons, brings its own style and sound, but if it is probably the most similar to the original in its darker and dingy moments (and gives the classic line "Go ahead. Make my day") ?? but some of his humor must be seen as faith. Bulldog? named meathead, who annoys and farts. Oh yes. However, it is interesting that this entry was only one in the series, not to set it entirely in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows the detective Callahan, who tries to lay pieces of murder in which the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. After trouble with the office superiors and stirring up the confusion that some criminal ruler throws after his blood. He told him to leave, but he falls into the acting, where he goes to the seaside town of San Paulo, where there was a murder similar in his veins (a groin and between the eyes) to his case. There, he begins to dig the ground, which leads to the idea that someone is looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was not that hot on Eastwood's shot, but after many repetitions I watched him practically grown to the point that he would probably be on par with the first continuation of "Magnum Force". This well-structured plot gives Eastwood a different angle to work (although it seems that a more sophisticated approach to the Christmas functions running at that time), quite literally with something criminal, but terribly harmful. It's as if he was experimenting with noir-thriller touches with character-driven features to help develop an emotionally bubbling and possible frame of morality. His use of images is permanent because of his evil foreboding. Dark shades, reflective lighting? I like the scene at the end similar to some western game character's silhouette (Harry with his new automatic pistol .44) moving towards the dazed victim on the fishing docks. It's a striking sight that builds fear! Mixing haunted cold with ordinary brutality and a bit of humor. He seemed to have gone. A big plus of these films are dialogues, while I would not call "Sudden Impact" a first-rate one, it provides abundant exchange and memorable lines? "You are a legend in your own mind." Do not you just like hearing Harry make a funny joke before you pull out your piece. The beating effect, when it appears, is excitingly shocking and intense? the only way to go and fly with a small amount of flat passages. Lalo Schfrin would return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" had Jerry Fielding), bringing a methodical funky kick that still breathed those dark signals into a texturally airy result that he clicked from the spot. working behind the camera (where he did a piece of work with "Dirty Harry") and gives the film a lot of possibilities, beautifully framing the background in some impeccable scenes of tracking, but also the sharp angles of the instrument in these dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as a Callahan dinosaur still has a blow, going beyond this steel glow to do the job and probably showing a little more heart than you would expect from a younger Callahan. turn away from Harry for justice with a badge, although he does not always agree, I just found it strange - a real change of heart. Opposite him is the amazing performance of his beau at this time Sondra Locke, Her turn of traumatic anguish (senselessly raped with her younger sister), is hidden in glassy silence. When anger is released, its result is tactically accurate. Paul Drake is perfectly dangerous and dirty, because one of the targeted bandits and Audrie J. Neenan nails invariably indecent and exhilarating power. These people are really an ugly group of juices. Pat Hingle is as solid as the head of a small seaside town. Bradford Dillman and not very strong Albert Popwell perform in smaller parts (regular in series 1-4, but in different characters). How can you forget him in "Dirty Harry"? yes, he is a bank robber who is at the end of the quote with the trademark "Do I feel happy? Well, punk? "
