This last entry in George Lucas' Star Wars films is often considered the weakest of many. This does not mean, however, that it is a completely worthless entry in the series. Contrary. Of course, it is not as breakthrough as its predecessors and sometimes more slow, but BACK JEDI still offers a lot to guarantee the price of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the movie, where Luke and his friends save Han from the Jabba the Hutt palace, is a classic. Jabba, the truly disgusting stain of a distended body that speaks in his own language, not only makes a great villain, but also a memorable one. Building a giant puppet must have been a nightmare, let alone give it a spark and life that we see on the finished product. Actually, what makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppets for various members of Jabba's court, including the intimidating, captivating Rancor and the terrible monster of Sarlaac. He builds masterfully to the culmination and pulls punches all the time. <br /> <br /> In the second act, things become a bit slower when Luke discovers that he and Leia are blood-related and when we travel to the forest the planet Endor, the seat of the wonderful but steadfast Ewoks. Most complaints about BACK TO ONE I have read seem to focus on these furry creatures because they somehow disrupt the tone of the saga. I do not quite agree with it, although this moment probably plays a bit longer than it should. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a charmingly memorable work, and watching how they deal with Imperial Troops technology with their simple, natural weapon, provides a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> Until then, however, we are approaching the third act, but the pace is rising again as we enter the battle between Ewoks against the forces, Lando and Rebel Force launch an attack on a completely new, half-finished Imperial Death Star and final clash of Luke with Darth Vader and Emperor. The latter is associated with the sequence Jabba Palace as the main attraction of the film. Mark Hamill once again bends his acting chops as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and watching him as a fully mature Jedi Knight makes the game unforgettable. Like the voice of James Earl Jones, like Darth Vader, he competes only with a wrinkled, emperor-like emperor, played with a wonderfully hoarse, terrifying evil by Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio increases the emotions of this climactic moment, which is adequately darkly illuminated and menacing. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS films have always set the standard for special effects, and JEDI's READY work can easily hold the candle to its predecessors. The battles in the cosmic battle are as joyful as ever, and the bicycle chase in the forest is a knockout. Of course, given that this movie was made after A NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it probably should not be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even higher level of perfection. Acting is a classic STAR WARS tariff; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all mature and deepen their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides more fun moments like C-3PO. Yoda Frank Oz appears only in two scenes, but he takes full advantage of it. And yes, there is also the music of John Williams. <br /> <br /> All in all, during the RETURN ONE, it weakens slightly in the middle, the first and third acts provide the style, so it is quite satisfying finale one of the biggest sag in history. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas re-released the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored "Special Editions," which included additional effects and / or photos as well as some improvements. Of the three RETURN OF THE JEDI it seems that it caused the most confusion among STAR WARS fans. Perhaps this is due to the unpleasant (though funny, if not so easily offended) musical number "Jedi Rocks" in Jabba's palace, which, although technically amazing, disrupts the flow of the film. However, I liked the ending assembly scenes in which we see celebrations of victories on different planets of the galaxy. This DVD version contains even more improvements - we can see more final assembly scenes (especially at Naboo, where we hear what sounds like screaming Jar Jar Binks, "Wes for free!"), And, which is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker's specter in the final stages. Probably because of the intense (and unjust) contempt of fans for his somewhat unstable work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES it seems inevitable that fans would postpone this release. However, if you watch the STAR WARS saga chronologically (and you are wondering about it), chances are that you can react a little differently. Nevertheless, this is a matter that fans have raised, so it is probably best to be prejudiced. <br /> <br /> It would be nice if Lucas released the original versions of these three classic films, but still stands by what he said about these modernizations being the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and watching STAR WARS movies as one a complete saga (as Lucas intended), in fact it makes sense to preserve their technical and sound consistency. Original movies will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as fun if you can give them a chance.
