The director / star "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood is an intriguing addition to the series "Dirty Harry" - a combination of raw film making and genius. He is mediocre and stupid in part, brilliant and classic in others, with irresistible, thrilling pace. There are many echoes of the first movie - the scene of "Make my day" from the shoot 'em up series reminiscent of the scenario "Do you feel happiness", one of the villains is as repugnant as Scorpio's first movie, the actor who played the petty villain returns first here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still arguing with the higher of the department, still mean, still hard, but now he is older and more tired. His constant conflicts with superiors are a metaphor of his inner conflict - respect and respect for the right to desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, and two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the theme of the series. The first film posed a simple question: "And what about the rights of the victim?" - (do they prevail over criminals? In contrast? Depends?). The response of the film was controversial, which led to the continuation (very pleasant "Magnum Force"), which set the boundary between the brand of justice Harry and pure, soulless vigilance. Dirty Harry, like many other roles of Clint, is the personification of revenge, defender of the defenseless. This film, however, brings him back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (portrayed by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge the rape on himself and his now incapacitated sister, ruthlessly hunting and ritually performing the execution on men (and one woman) who committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without going into the play-by-play of the whole movie, I will say it - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" echoes in the first movie - in fact it also sprinkles some references and jokes from the whole series ( the confusion about the name of the captain is an example - I think it is an intentional joke). Relations between Callahan and Jennifer are well cared for - did our dishonest policeman find a soul mate on this Christmas Eve? Is she a guardian or victim rightly defending her and her sister's impaired rights? The exchange between the two at the very end of the film is a poetic confession of a series that I personally (as a fan) considered very moving. This last scene makes the Emergency Impact has a legitimate climax for the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict in the first movie. (Not to knock "The Dead Pool" - this great movie was a relatively light but full of comics thriller with Harry Callahan, not a movie defining a character like this one). <br /> <br /> This movie did well, in theaters - the audience in the Reagan Era found Harry and his like character quite attractive, and the president himself often quoted, "Go ahead, make my day."
