It is strange to watch a movie in which some of the scenes work rather poorly (even if compared to other films in his or her heritage), while others in the "sub-story" or supporting plot are surprisingly provocative and strong. Sudden Impact is one of those cases in which Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director shows when it can be in the best shape, or in his lesson of the time when he is dealing with a criminal / mysterious / detective story in his glory Dirty Harry. We get a line "make my day", not like in the first film, where his speech "I feel happiness" was fun and cool the first time, and the second time hard as nails, it changes here. He falls into a different profession with the department, as always, when he tries to fight crime "in his own way", especially with dinner robbery (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And fast pursuit with a bus for seniors. He was told to "go on holiday," and this is the last thing he thinks about. This whole main story is not very convincing except for the plot and lines, which only increases the frustration. Soon, however, his story is combined with a sub-story that Eastwood has been developing from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, who we will soon meet after a few (respectively) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister fell victim to a cruel, unjust sexual assault (err, almost rape) and are elegant, similar to secret, revenge. Her scenes and history are the strongest parts of the movie, the most intense and finally, when she goes into the plot of Callahan (gets facts in the same small town where she has a murder), the film finally focuses on Eastwood's classic form of clearly defined good versus evil (though sometimes this is blurred). Eastwood films flashbacks, not to say too much about them, expertly, in a fresh, experimental style; The trademark Lalo Schifrin is completely atmospheric in these scenes and others. It seems that several times the sensitivity of the artist's home has crept into a decidedly simple style of Eastwood's story, which helps to make the film possible to watch. <br /> <br /> It is a pity, however, that in the end it goes further to the expected (and maybe not expected) points, and to the third act Callahan there is not much to do except his usual "is a blacksmith ... Wesson ... and I". However, thanks to Locke, he comes out with a very good performance (more subtle and touching than the one in Gauntlet) and an exciting climax in the theme park. In a way, I do it and I do not agree with Ebert's remark that it is a "music video" in Eastwood's style. I admit that there are comparisons with the simplicity of both directness and scenes in which Eastwood breaks the form, are better than the scenes from any music video. It's tacky, it's tough, it does not fit the first two photos of "Harry", but hey, there may be worse ways to spend a few hours with the master .44.
