After the redefinition of science fiction "Star Wars: A New Hope", and "The Empire Strikes Back" has redefined "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final movie of this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but this one really it works well. The first part of the movie solves the puzzle that remained after the previous one, with an extensive escape plan that is compatible with the incredible tension and action of the first two films. Then the film returns to the rebel alliance and what is happening in the war. There are many actions in the scenes that contribute to the final confrontation of rebellion with the emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their places from everything that leads to it, and this final battle is even more intense than those from other films. This climax is definitely more dense than the action than any other part of the trilogy, with the biggest rebate rate. This is constantly changing between the terrestrial battle of the rebel strike team on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the battle raging in space (including Lando) and the confrontation of Luke and the emperor on the new Death Star, leading to another duel with Darth Vader. This is really intense, because the rebels are constantly losing battle, which will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think that Evox's overwhelming idea of ​​the stormtroopers is a bit strained, it did not seem too unrealistic because the rebels more distracted him than the actual threat to the stormtroopers, although they were lucky enough to fight them. At the end there are one or two phrases that no one has seen, and which may not be as stunning as in the case of "The Empire Strikes Back", but still very well fill out a very spectacular trilogy. Thanks to the light "A New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this movie really complements them, combining both parts in this great finale. The special edition for "Return of the Jedi" focused on what would be nice to change, because few originals really needed it. Fifteen years of technological advancement did not seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration in the rancor scene, and TIE's fighter still disappears, but otherwise he was good. Yawning, not threatening Sarlaac's mouth, they received moving tentacles and a powerful head that emerged from the fly trap, which definitely increased the tension. In addition, the disco was removed from Jabba's palace, and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a great celebration of victory covering the entire galaxy, not just a small Ewok village, which happened in the case of the original and it does not really end the story as great as it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but because it's part of the same story, the whole trilogy is like one big, outstanding movie. THREE must-see for movie fans.
