Vigilante has long fascinated the public because it evokes a sense of quick, sure justice; good triumphs over evil and a bad guy get his deserts. This is one of the things that made Dirty Harry Callahan (played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wore a badge and acted in accordance with the law, but in the depths of his life Harry is the guardian who orders justice "on his way", which often puts him in conflict with his own superiors, as well as with the criminals he pursues. But it attracts the audience; anyone who has ever been overwhelmed by bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another, enjoys seeing someone cut through the bureaucracy and deal with it - even if it's just on screen. And this satisfaction resulting from the perception of justice - and quickly - is one of the elements that make "Sudden Impact," directed and with Eastwood's participation, so successful. In this one, fourth series, during the murder, Harry meets in good faith at work - a person whose brand of justice is similar to his own, with one exception: whoever he is, he definitely does not wear a badge. <br /> <br /> In his unique way, inspector Callahan once again found himself on the wrong side of the department and was instructed to devote some time to vacation. So he does it; as long as it can be "Dirty Harry". In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry is in the midst of a murder case, which he quickly combines with the recent murder in San Francisco due to the special M.O. employed by the perpetrator. It is possible that Harry faces resistance from the local police chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take tactics and urban methods elsewhere. However, Harry is not continuing the investigation, which ultimately entails a beautiful and talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually Harry discovers the relationship between the victims; The burning question is, however, where Jennifer Spencer fits the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is here in top form, both before and after the camera, and is probably the second best of the five film series, right behind the original "Dirty Harry". Seven years have passed since the last "Harry" offer ("The Enforcer", 1976), but Eastwood enters the character with ease and renewed energy. And this definitely has the benefit of having him in the director's chair, because he is able to regain the essence, not only his character, but the "spirit" that made these films so successful, and he does so knowing territory and establishing continuity that erases this seven-year gap between #s 3 and 4. As with all the films he directs, Eastwood sets a purposeful pace that fits the material perfectly and creates enough tension to be interesting and engaging from the beginning to the end. <br /> <br /> The screenplay written by Joseph Stinson is well-written and formulated for this characteristic style of "Dirty Harry"; the dialogue is pathetic, and the story itself (created by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most addictive since the original "Dirty Harry" because he is successfully trying to play on very personal aspects of the drama, not completely for action. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and of course this is the movie that gave us one of Harry's best slogans: "Go ahead - make my day ..." <br /> <br /> Like Harry, Clint Eastwood it perfectly embodies all the elements that make this figure so popular: it lives according to a personal moral code, a real unit created from what we imagine as pioneers who settled this country and made America what it is today. Harry embodies this sense of freedom and justice that we all strive for and love so much, perhaps more than ever before. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is an undeniable part of us who wants to be Harry, or at least have it with us. "Dirty Harry" is an icon of cinema and you can not imagine anyone but Eastwood playing in him; For good and for bad, Eastwood `is' Dirty Harry, no doubt, just like Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is completely effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman wronged and revenge, or how she sees it, "justice." She manages to lead a determined determination with sensitivity to her character, with a convincing, introspective approach that goes far beyond what is typical of the "action" genre. Even among violence, Locke focuses on Jennifer and the traumatic events that led her to this stage of her life. Her creation is a perfect complement to Harry Eastwood and becomes, in philosophy and deed, something like its counterpart. <br /> <br /> Two roles stand out in supporting roles: Paul Drake, as Mick, creates the best `psycho 'from the dynamic portrait of the serial killer Andy Robinson in the original' Dirty Harry '. With time, a very limited time on the screen, Drake establishes a genuinely disturbing presence that is credible and convincing, which significantly contributes to the purely internal reaction of the audience. This is a guy you can not wait to see Harry finally take care of. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes her character, Ray Parkins, the epitome of the proverbial "low life" that can be found in every bar in every city. It is a spectacle that triggers a reaction at the intestinal level, and also significantly increases the credibility of the film, because it helps to provide the necessary sense of realism. <br /> <br /> The support cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs Kruger). Thanks to the perfect combination of drama and action, Sudden Impact exempts justice, which is the fulfillment of a respite from reality; perfect justice for a not-so-perfect world that provides a satisfying cinematic experience. 9/10.
