Who says that zombies can not be turned into useful members of the community? Certainly not the creators of "Fido", who take us to the never-ending version of the 1950s, in which the undead were turned into butlers and servants for the growing middle class. Timmy Robinson is an American boy who becomes emotionally connected to a new full-time family member - a recently resurrected zombie whom Timmy affectionately called Fido. All this became possible thanks to Zomcom, a big-brother organization that found a way to make the zombies (which were initially "brought back to life" by radiation from space) easy to control and submissive - at least most of the time. <br /> <br /> This twisted, modern whirl in the TV series "Lassie" - could easily be titled "Boy and his zombie" - takes cunningly satirical attacks on such fears from before the 1960s as obsessive social conformity (here keeping up "Jones" means having more zombie minions than people from the neighborhood), infertility in suburban life, corporate citizen control, corruption in small towns and nuclear family values ​​- all played in beautifully designed surroundings of party houses and immaculately manicured lawns. The film does not hit the audience over its head, nor does it engage in endless hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, it is a subtle, subtle, small satire that evokes a chuckle of gratitude rather than full-fledged guffars. Much humor derives from the incongruity between the gentleness of the surroundings and the bachelor approach to death shown by the great citizens of the community (Life Magazine was replaced by the magazine Death Magazine). Despite the amusing graphic violence, the film remains faithful to the spirit of innocence, which we usually associate with both the 1950s and the bad, low-budget horror films that were so much part of the pop-culture scene of that decade. > <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are sympathetic and attractive as Timmy's wide eyes and his parents from Cleaver-esquire (with a somewhat sinister overtone), while Billy Connolly performs an almost impossible task bringing enormous humanity and depth to the role of the resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> This could have been "Lassie" if Timmie's best friend was affected by rabies.
