In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we meet London, where supporters and mighty and powerful are forced to fight against bodily, animated versions of corpses of their friends and family. At the end of the movie, the zombies are suggested to be harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents us with an epilogue for the movie "Shaun" from the 1950s in America, in a funny humorous and original "what-if ...?" Movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is a post-zombie-apocalypse, for a change; after the horrific zombie wars ended with the creation of ZomCon and their patented zombie collars that make corpses as obedient as lambs. Every city in the world is separated from the Wild Zone, a once fertile landscape torn by surviving zombies and remnants of apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is a typical, virgin suburb of the 1950s, with one small difference; social status is measured by the amount of family domesticated zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies at all because of their patriarch Bill, fear of the lively dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer from the pressure of living in the suburbs, until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress his neighbors. <br /> <br /> Zombie makes money for Timmy's love when he rescues him from a pair of brutal thugs, and these two create a bond that rivals the classic stereotype of "boy and his dog" ... boy and his zombie. Timmy calls her "pet" Fido and soon helps both Timmy and Helen to escape the prison routine that Bill introduced. But when the collar of domination Fido goes to the fritz and devours the elderly Mrs. Henderson, the Robins must stop their relationship with the sudden, wild epidemic of zombies and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> A movie whose sharp wit and satirical gore carry it the same as his all-encompassing cast "Fido" Carrie-Anne Moss from "The Matrix" as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido is a zom-com for ages . With a few rather twisted threads - for example, the sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido are beginning to have for each other - and a moving commentary on the suburbs of the 1950s and the zombie genre, the film manages to extract the worst (and the best) in its heroes, at the same time allowing you to look after them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is definitely one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and the best zom-com of the amazing "Shaun of the Dead".
