OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido, to be honest, when I came across her in the video store, I wanted to rent this movie, but none of it attracted my attention. But when I looked around at Netflix, they advertised it like crazy if I liked "stupid" scary movies, so I thought I would just do it. I'm so glad I watched it, it was just a great movie, it was absolutely fun and cute to watch. As I said, Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great idea of ​​what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have a great time, making the zombies remain as "handy" citizens. This is a very overlooked horror / comedy, I think many people were so surprised by the Shaun of the Dead that they got the shoe. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and made it a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> In an alternative universe from the 1950s, where the radiation from space turned the dead into zombies. This radiation still torments humanity, because all who die after primary contamination change into undead. To continue a normal life, communities are fenced with the help of the ruling Zomcon corporation. Zomcon provides flanges with accompanying pilots to control the zombie's hunger for the body to use as slaves or servants. In Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie despite Bill's husband's phobia. Their son, Timmy, befriends zombies, calling him "Fido." One day Fido collar defects and he kills a neighbor who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" a zombified neighbor. When a pair of local thugs blames themselves for a missing neighbor, they grab Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from the bad guys and they try to forget about the whole thing. A few days later, the neighbor's body was found and the murder originated from Fido, who is taken to Zomcon, where he is said to be destroyed. Timmy learns from a friend that Fido just works at the factory in Zomcon. Timmy sets off to save him with the help of a neighbor with a zombie girl, hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I really recommend this movie, if you have the chance to see it, it's so stupid but a lot of fun. Billy Connelly did a great job as Fido and really brought a lot of life to the game. I think the scene that made me laugh the most was the fact that Timmy must bury the old woman Fido attacked and killed, his last words were so funny to her, "you were not really nice, but you liked flowers, so ?? "And buries it in the garden. Not to mention a neighbor with a zombie girl, a sick, worrying, bad but classic laugh. I still love the fact that although it's a Leave It To Beaver-esquire world, there's still a lot of gore in the movie. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you good laughter. <br /> <br /> 9/10
