As soon as I heard about this film, I knew I had to check it out. Well, I heard about it, and then I found the trailer. After that I knew I had to see it. And I'm glad I did. Do you want to see classic TV mixed with zombies? No? Then get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie I have not seen. Actually it is. It's a bit like the episode of Lassie and the movie Zombie. Although combined, it is completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new Fido pet. This new animal is not a screeching parrot or a puppy trained in a potty. He's a lively dead guy ... zombie. A large cloud of radiation consumed the Earth, which led to all the dead uprisings that led to the Zombie Wars. Although thanks to the genius of Reinhold Giger, ZomCon's chief scientist, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will die, giving us the advantage and winning the zombie war. Although due to the persistent radiation, whoever dies becomes a zombie. What can be a problem especially for older people. Although Zomcom appears again with more breakthroughs, especially with a domesticated collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for the human body, making it harmless as a pet. But not everything is perfect in this Zombie Utopia, collars break, old people are dying and ... well, let me just watch this amazingly special movie. . With star cast and great writing, FIDO rises above the level in the genre of comedy / horror. There are lots of funny and original situations that really entertained me. Although after watching the film, I personally think that the film would be better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the movie does not work too long and moves from stage to scene at a good pace. Probably it will be a kind of classic classic, because it is not the laughter of a loud comedy or even a horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie film immersed in a 1950's climate. If you thought everything I said here was interesting, check out this movie. But if you are still on the fence, turn your leg and stay there. 8.5 outta 10
