About a year ago I watched TV news when the story of a zombie movie filmed in my area was broadcast. Since then I have paid special attention to this film called "Fido" because it finished production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago Fido started playing in my local theater. And yesterday I read an article in a newspaper in which Fido does not attract the audience in its limited edition, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, it's writing all other performances at The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, that makes sense because many residents want to see their city on the screen or see themselves wandering in zombie makeup. And for other locals who have not seen Fido yet, but are considering this, I can say that you will recognize many images on the screen, from school to city park to forbidden zone. In fact, they make the Okanagan valley look beautiful. This is beautiful scenery in the zombie movie! However, Fido himself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most of the other 20 movies played on my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie, in which the collie was replaced by an undead member. This is a clever assumption. And the film goes even further, using the pressure of the 1950s on conformism and playing in the Cold War paranoia that led to McCarthyism. What's more, it's based on the assumption that zombies can tame or train George Romero for the first time in Day Of The Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray is playing a little boy from a small town who is a mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie servant to be like all other housewives in his block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against this idea because he once had to kill his "zombie father". Eventually, the family wins a zombie named "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to living with undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the casting. He can convey Fido's confusion, longing, hatred and loyalty only through his eyes, his trembling body and murmurs. Connolly shows that he can play underestimated characters better than his scandalously comedic ones. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other last zomcoms, such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being someone who values ​​the films of Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor to gore in my horror movie. I understand, however, the criticism of those horror fans who think that Fido does not have enough "undead slaughter". However, I am sure that the patience will be rewarded with the gentle humor of the films. <br /> <br /> The film breaks down in the third act. It's as if the writers were so caught up in the sweet assumption of domesticated zombies in the 1950s that they forgot about the arc of the story. However, considering my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for watching the neighborhood on the screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
