I suppose the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is that your time for a date will collapse. Honestly, I'm happy that Fido was chosen for distribution in the US. Anyway ... <br /> <br /> Have you ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Good. And what about Lassie? Can you reconcile these two? Well, if you can call yourself Andrew Currie, the Canadian leader of the first family comedy zombie or zomedy. (Seriously, that's what the press book in Toronto called it). Although Fido is not as brutal, dry or British as Shaun of the Dead, it remains true to its roots: the dedication of 50's black and white television, including both Lassie and the infamous sci-fi pulp that was being pumped out during this period. <br /> <br /> The talented Fido headliners (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) are testament to the script's splendor. The film explores all the implications of its foundation: a world in which zombies have been turned into servants because of their huge number due to a strange accident. Why would you use a new undead servant? Butler? Physical work? Pet? Unspecified deeds? Fido deals with all these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly elegant way, mainly thanks to the work of Connelly (as one of the zombies mentioned) and the young television actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seems to be a better young Elijah Wood than young Elijah Wood was . <br /> <br /> If you expect another Shaun of the Dead, do not waste your time. There is not enough gore and a harassing genre to please you, and you just leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you want to take a look at what is happening to the Shaun of the Dead, when it leaps across the lake, you will have a feast. Think of Fido as a sensitive, more often beaten younger brother in the rebellious loser of Shauna from the Dead and begin to gain drift. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, young children and lots of deadly satire, Fido is for you. If it's not like that ... you know, a drill. Just hit them in the eyes.
