Once upon a time, in a distant galaxy ... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original movie Star Wars appeared. He does not remember how he saw the film for the first time, but he also does not remember life before him. He remembered the first theme gift "Star Wars", which got ... a box for shoes full of figures from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special this gift would be. But years later he will get what he has been one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve needed to complete the collection. The boy's family is now legendary, like the last figure he needed, Anakin Skywalker, ceased to be produced and worn in stores, and how this boy went for about ten years (until he got to college) trying to track down one and eventually to buy from someone in his dormitory to a bag of beer lumps (do not ask ... it's a Northern Illinois University case). <br /> <br /> I can not review Star Wars as a movie. It is absolutely all good, funny and magical in my childhood. In my mind there is no separation from Christmas, birth, years and adolescent winters. In the winter, my friends and I built snow forts and pretended we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My dad's dad built a treehouse for them that served as the Ewok village. They also had a huge pine tree, whose lower branches were high enough to create a kind of cave beneath it, and it was a great place to pretend we were at Yoda's house. When it comes to Star Wars, I'm shamelessly dorky and I think people either just understand it or not. I do not get references from "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the angry flocks of fans who follow them because I'm a rabid fan of George Lucas' films. <br /> <br /> there is no need to defend my opinion of these films as some of the best in history. Every time I put them in a DVD player, I feel like I'm eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was to figure out how to track down the character of Anakin Skywalker. > <br /> Degree (for the entire trilogy): A +
