If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, lots of frightening moments and inexorable, escalating scenes of horrible death, look somewhere else. If you like a calm, moody, thoughtful horror that rejects blood for a real sense of fear, Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> The thoughtful, stressed out George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and their son Miles are setting out on a snowy weekend for a long weekend away from the city. On the way upstairs, George hits the deer with his car. The hunters who chased a deer are not thrilled when they discover that George has finished their pursuit. In particular, a deranged hunter Otis takes him personally. He follows the family to their holiday home, making sure they see it. He spies on George and Kim when they have sex. When he is not at home, he shoots through the rifle windows, allowing them to discover the sinister holes in the windows and walls when they come back. When Kim takes Miles to the pharmacy in town, Milesa attracts a small sculpture in a display case, carved to resemble a man with a deer's head. A Native American man tells Miles that it is Wendigo, a forest spirit who has a taste of meat and is always hungry. Miles takes him with him to the house that has already been visited by the death of a deer the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father are sledging, George is shot and Miles is chased by the forest by a barely visible creature ... is he just shocked and imagines it all? A few hours later George is taken to the hospital, and Miles, still squeezing his statue, faints, dreams or goes to the vision in which Wendigo returns. This time, an angry, meat-eating god - partly a tree, part deer and partly a man - hunts for Otis, who finally went to the edge. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made movie, almost completely silent, but howling to the wind through the snow-covered trees. Ok, so the monster itself is a bit dizzy, but it's a small flaw, made up by the real sense of tension and fear that creeps through every frame of the film and the amazing scene of the quiet, snowy Village. The performances are great, especially Jake Weber as moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but senseless wife. They are a happy couple with their common problems, and the strength of their relationship and mutual love make this film powerful. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home movies, the performances are so realistic. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people can get bored completely, waiting for the vile Lovecraftian beast and bloody revenge that will never come. We can never be sure if Wendigo exists even in the eyes of a sensitive child and later the eyes of a madman. It's more a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough frightening elements to please fans of a subtle horror movie.
