Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) go to the country for a winter weekend relief from the bustling metropolis of Manhattan. On the way, they get trapped and end up in the snow. A group of hunters who followed the zloty appeared. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is furious because the accident broke the deer antlers. George, Kim and Miles are worried about Otis, and what's worse, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where they are. Meanwhile, Miles receives wendigo (a kind of Indian spirit / shape-changing monster) by an Indian whom only he has seen. Is Otis a psycho who will win our heroes? Are there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I see where Wendigo would have a lot of problems talking to the viewers. It is a movie with a fairly low budget, often manifested by technical limitations. Much of the film, or maybe everything, is not really about the titular creation. And perhaps a deadly blow to many people has a very ambiguous ending, with many questions left unanswered. If you are discouraged by such endings, and you do not like movies that are designed to make you think about what it all means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like this. Usually, I prefer some ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing is aimed at those who want a fast, frightening creature in which they would expect a great battle with some supernatural monster that will eventually be defeated, and everything is neatly tied except for opening for Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but it's not this movie is. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature suggests the majority of people. Heck, screenwriter / director Larry Fessenden even has the character of George reciting Robert Frost. The key to the film is Frost's poem and George's commentary that Frost can evoke complex images and atmosphere from seemingly simple things. <br /> <br /> One of the best things in a movie is its complexity. In a sense, there are four different films simultaneously, a thread from each character. In George's story, he is not the happiest and the most pleasant guy in the world and has some parenting problems. For him, the film is a realistic, terrifying descent of life that changes from bad to worse. In the story, Patricia is looking to renew her life and family. She is a psychologist who mostly denied the problems surrounding her, hoping that they would go away and improve. In the story Otis has even more luck than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the final "bursting" of his psychological armor. And in the Miles story, which is probably the most important film, life is like a big poem because of its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But this is a horror story, though with a little hope, and the events in the film give Miles a poetic dark twist. Still, when everything is said and done, it seems that he is the only one who remains self-controlled because of his poetic gaze. <br /> <br /> Although the budget is low, there are many well-made higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and director Terry Stacey find great pictures in beautiful locations and created interesting slide shows, such as montage (such as cards or Indian wendigo paintings from the book). There are also interesting more traditional montages, such as Miles' nightmare. Wendigo is better filmed and assembled than many big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" at the end worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. Lighting was usually good - it was several times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could be, but it seemed that it was more of a problem with the film material (it could be digital) or moving. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you value it) than most movies. Although I did not really notice the score, it must have been okay, otherwise I'd notice it with a negative judgment. <br /> <br /> Generally, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be watched without bias, unless you mind working on watching movies.
