A great example of cinematic alchemy at work, with a banal, elusive body of the main script (written by boring, the average Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less), which magically transformed into a piece of perfect, shiny 24-carat gold drama thanks to the crisp direction, fresh , immersive performances, point production values, tasty recreation from New York in the 1950s, a contagiously turbulent roll-with-the-punches sound and a truly wonderful result of the rhythm and blues of great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, loosely based on the real exploits of Supremes, prosaically documents the tedious climb to rags to the wealth of three light-eyed, impoverished black singers who desperately want to escape the slim, ungrateful fate of the ghetto and make it great in dazzling the world of commercial R & B music. All the obvious pratfakty immediate wealth and success - ego run destructive in the amok, drugs, corruption, fight for integrity, etc. - are predictably paraded, but fortunately, the uniformly perfect work seen in other sections of the film almost completely cancel the flat, unflattering Schumacher plot. A first-class actress helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are incredibly sexy, lively and attractive tracks - and great vocalists. Comparably good performances are also sweetly boyish pre- "Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas as a group patient, gentleman, manager Dorian Harewood as a living, aggressively loving dog hound dog McKee, and many years of blaxploitation baddie Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem," "Bucktown ") King as a dangerously seductive, efficient, cold, nasty gangster. The tone collapses and connects with a funny and moving to melancholy and carefree, without skipping the rhythm, deftly evolving into a glowing, uplifting atmosphere of the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to effectively overcome extremely difficult and intimidating opportunities. <br /> <br /> The editor Veteran Sam O'Stern is doing very well in his directorial debut. The luminescent pictures of Bruce Surtees and the professional edition of Gordon Scott are impeccable. A strong shot of O'Sterna from the era, a penetrating look at the tiny but unspeakable details and the infallible sense of hard-working, uninterrupted pace are equally impressive. Do not be fooled by Curtis Mayfield's impeccable soundtrack. "Jump", "What can I do with this feeling", "Givin 'Up", "Take My Hand Precious Lord", "Lovin' You Baby" and "Look Into Your Heart" are terribly melodic, full of soul incredibly fantastic songs, with the sweetly stuffy jones love number "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, clearly dealing with the best music awards as the best song in the whole movie. The net result of all of the above-mentioned excellent attributes convincingly illustrates that sometimes it is not a scenario, but what has been done with the said script, which in turn determines the overall quality of the film.
