Yes, you read it well, children. Michael Bay should have studied this movie before making one of his hypnotic, too long, pointless "Transformers" films. "Robot Jox" is better than both of them and probably costs less than the crew of "Transformers" released on a personal trainer Megan Fox. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this little jewel of the robot, initially known mainly for being a movie that went bankrupt the Empire Pictures studio of Charles and Albert Bandów, it seems that the cult has grown over the years. I am happy to remember watching it on VHS during its initial version of the video in the early 90s, and though some of the Cold War policy / stereotypes were already obsolete at that time (only lucky bands that communism would collapse when the movie was sitting on the shelf waiting for release, what?), it's still a damn cool little B-Movie. They do not really do such things anymore, and if they do, they're heading Bay and CGI to unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar, here's Robo-scoop: We're somewhere in the future and after the nuclear holocaust of "war" on a large scale have been banned. Disputes between nations are now determined by mano-a-mano (or perhaps it should be machine o-machine-o) by one representative on each side fighting each other in gigantic sizes of Shogun-style robots. Regardless of which bot will go away from the victory in the fight for "your" side. Gary Graham (who later played Detective Sykes in the TV series "Alien Nation") plays "Achilles", the biggest story of Robot Jock in the Marketplace (good guy aa.a.). Achilles was invincible in his previous nine robot attacks (ten are the maximum number of battles before "Jock" withdraws) and at the beginning of the movie he faces the counterpart of the "Confederacy" (ie Ruscy!), The psychotic Alexander (who is the most surpassing the top evil bad stereotypical Russian from Dolph Lundgren's infamous phrase as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules of the illegal robot movement at the last minute and ends not only with embarrassing Achilles, but killing the whole group of spectators on occasions. A rematch is planned to complete the fight, but Achilles just wants to bend, put away his helmet and continue his life. Instead of breaking the Spoiler Principles, revealing much more, I will simply say that there are many twists, behind-the-scenes skyllduggery and other difficulties for Achilles and his colleague "Jox", before the two robot titans finally collide once again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope I will not make this movie as a science fiction masterpiece, because it is not. "Robot Jox" is simply fun. I admit that this is a bit higher concept than the average class B science-fiction movie, and although budget restrictions occasionally appear (especially in scenes containing some painfully obvious tricks from the green screen), it is still the best-looking film ever made from Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Robotic battle scenes are very well made using old school stop motion / model techniques, and sets and costumes do not look half in half. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon definitely shot the stars with this photo. Unfortunately, it was not very good for them (or a studio), but at least we have one hec - a nice little movie from this offer. Bottom line: if you want to be sound and visually attacked for over 2 hours, you can rent a movie "Transformers". By the end you'll probably want to spend all this time watching someone play a video game. If you want to have rock, sock the robot on time, pick up the Jox Robot.
