"Matador" is a dark comedy with Pierce Brosnan as an aging man who befriends a simple, happy married American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically called "Noble") seems to be a "hard guy" on the surface, underneath is really a lot of neuroses and insecurities, a man who realizes that his chosen profession left him practically alone in the world and without friends. So on his birthday, he gets to Danny, a man who has lived his life, playing according to the rules and who strangely intrigues Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find in themselves a person that they could never be, but they want to become calmer, more ardent moments of self-esteem. <br /> <br /> Although the movie is a little reminiscent of "Analysis" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador", however, earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of action. Brosnan, looking old and almost exhausted, plunges his teeth in the role of Julian in a way he had never before. Playing as a man who seems constitutionally unable to make a serious relationship with another human, Brosnan is in a moment of reverse and bachelor, then authentic and compassionate to the next. He always keeps us in balance so that humor never becomes surly and stale. Kinnear is also perfect because he is a regular Joe businessman who has found himself in the dark side more and more when his relationship with Julian is deepening. Hope Davis does a great job as "Bean", a loyal and loving Danny wife who, like her husband, is intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world far different from the one he knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we feel that "The Matador" stops us from something that does not reflect the depth of his situation and premises. At the end it seems a bit too light, a bit too insignificant to record the effect it should have. Perhaps because it is a feature debut for writer / director Richard Shephard, and he has not yet reached the end. Nevertheless, it is appreciated that it does not always strive for obviousness and that it focuses strongly on the two main characters in the song, rarely deciding on trivial settings or easy laughter. <br /> <br /> "Matador" is a flawed but generally entertaining little comedy that, hopefully, will signal a new phase in Brosnan's acting career.
