The richest production of Fassbinder is not much about his talent for identifying and deconstructing a place of suffering in a long, mobile perspective that somehow also works as social encapsulation; here is much more open, because history takes place in war-torn Germany at the end of World War II, and the main figure is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who uses weaknesses (both economic and gender-related) to catapult itself after a ladder of a known textile body. this makes desirable goods, such as lederhosen, available to poor workers (as it used to be). Maria and her new husband, Herrmann, married in the midst of allied raids, can spend a short honeymoon before heading to the Russian front. In his absence her despair is great: he spends most of his days at the railway station waiting for his return. When his death was reported, he suddenly stops regretting and takes up a job as a barmaid / prostitute in a brothel for American soldiers. <br /> <br /> When he returns, the situation becomes very chaotic as circumstances (and his sense of noble sacrifice) conspire to separate them. The message is M.O. Fassbinder writ large: "Love is colder than death", but Maria is not only fighting her mental health, and her husband is largely unable to love her, but she is a country with a deep flow without visible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes a statement about post-war Germany selling the highest price, but as with all his films, I tend to block these elements and focus on the unbearable passions at the exhibition: Fassbinder, as recalled by his heroes; his actors were filtered through their real connections with Fassbinder. In conclusion, his films can be either unbearable or indescribably hypnotic, often simultaneously; it falls somewhere in between, although definitely closer to the latter. Although I did not like it as much as The Bitter Tears by Petry von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly has a greater range and, what's more, I felt her passion and the authentic detail of human emotions.
