The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) concerns a German girl (Maria) who marries a German soldier (Herman Braun) just after the end of the war. After getting married for half a day and night, Herman is again sent to the front. To make ends meet, Maria starts working in a bar for mostly American soldiers and meets a black soldier. She got the message that Herman died on the front and things develop between her and the American soldier. Herman enters them in bed, and after the confrontation between him and the American, Maria killed the American. Herman admits to the murder, goes to prison, and Maria is vowing to wait for him. The country is in disarray; you can see people who leave everything they are busy with for a cigarette. Food is missing. In short, the time of survival is best adapted. <br /> <br /> Essentially, this movie depicts Maria's attitudes - those attitudes that he allows himself under the aforementioned circumstances, as a metaphor for losing the soul of Germany after losing the war and how it rebuilds. Maria, for example, has the following conversation with the peddler (played by Fassbinder himself); the peddler tries to sell her a great copy of Kleist and notes that "Kleist burns quickly, does not provide enough heat for cold". The merchant replies: "It's a different way to look at it. Now this is probably the right way. " <br /> <br /> Maria meets a French / German entrepreneur, Karl Oswald, after haggling in the first class train compartment. He decides to engage in contact with Karl: "You have no romance with me; I have an affair with you. " He also takes responsibility in the company and after a while he has full confidence in the company. When Karl says, "I suppose we'll have to wait for a miracle," she says, "I prefer to do miracles and then wait for them." According to her own words, she became "Mata Hari of the economic miracle." <br /> <br /> In many Fassbinder films he tried to reveal the psychological processes that lie behind social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to point the camera at bullsh * t, false social mechanisms, pretending. Maria's direct approach to this film is effective in conveying this ideology. For example, he calls Karl, and when he answers the phone, her request is simple: "I need someone to sleep." As Fassbinder said, "the emotions that people felt, did not exist at all and were only a kind of sentimentalism, which in our opinion required the proper functioning of members of society". He also remarked that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I particularly liked the scene in which Karl and Maria meet in a Munich restaurant (supposedly frequented by Hitler himself). Maria appears under control, and Karl is a bit from below, as if Maria's "brutal honesty" has been exhausted, as if he were no longer in this situation. Karl says, "I must repeat myself that I love life." Maria replies: "This is not life. As if we signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go to eat and talk about food. " I think that this also applies to Fassbinder's attitudes in relationships, never to give up anyone completely. And why would you have if the main issue of most of his films is "What kind of a commodity becomes a commodity, an instrument of power, a weapon in this society". <br /> <br /> It was noticed that it is typical for Fassbinder that scenes with Maria and Bettim go through expensive costumes in the ruins after the war - with these clothes a generally wrong period. I think he wanted to introduce these attitudes here when you feel bad that "you can always put on makeup and face a great-looking day". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistakes made in the film could be improved in the next project. Ever since he finished the movies (about 4 times a year) in the way other people smoked, it's not strange that this movie has very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably invented the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is a genius like Maria. Mostly, he looks straight at the camera. In Maria's words "It's a bad time for emotions. But I like it like that. " <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl's death because of a deer attack, Herman finally arrives. (Herman went to Australia after he left prison to "become a man again".) After delivering a will (made in half for her and Herman), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights a cigarette and blasts her Herman. It is obvious to me that she did it by accident. At the same time she had to be shaken when her dreams finally came true. She must have felt like she was no longer herself. She felt as if she survived herself.
