Maria Braun got married in the middle of a fight around her and her husband Hermann. At first, the explosion broke through the building, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers on a pile of debris on the street. Perhaps it can hit the hard metaphor of what is to come: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is an engagement in which the husband goes to war and stays in a Russian prisoner-of-war camp, incomparable to the helpless but hopeful and proud Maria, who stands by the depressing rubble of the train station, because some come back home, others not, with a sign waiting for Hermann . <br /> <br /> There are problems, as in Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodramas, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see that Maria (extremely wonderful Hanna Schygulla in this role) make two faces: able with his man, even if it means working in a bar for American soldiers, and even after he hears a soldier who died Hermann, he will still be with him when he sleeps with the black GI and approaches the abolition of his child (i.e. naturally, until he appears again and murder takes place, and he takes rap, so she can be safe), or works for a German businessman (effectively sympathetic to Ivan Desny) and sometimes becomes his lover and rising star in the company. Maria will do everything to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say that something in Maria is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, everything becomes interchangeable for Maria. She is like a feminist who has her cake and eats it with a stifling smile: she can have a husband, more or less (actually less, up to the last ten minutes of the movie), while getting things - a man who looks at her whenever he can, new and a dear house with servants, a secretary, and money, that others do not get around because of being with a man or too weak to rise anywhere (eg secretary, he played enough interestingly by his own mother Fassbinder). <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, confident and lonely, with an idealized life against life that should be done in the shade. He talks about two men - an American soldier, poor, old and sick Oswald - that he likes them, and at the same time he will stick to the roses that the lost and soul-seeking husband Hermann sends from Canada after being released from prison. She throws a profile that a feminist would like to love, but she understood where she came from and goes all the way. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder applies this inherent contradiction, and moments with Mary seem to contradict the conventions of melodrama (for example, Hermann entering the joyful and half-naked Maria and GI is almost a masterpiece of the scene, with Mary's reaction from surprise or guilty, but pure joy, seeing that he is there alone, living) to his weapon as the director of such a high technique with a plot that should be predictable. But it really is not. It's like one big metaphor for a country that after the war could not really go to normality. Fassbinder turns on the sound of the radio in the background several times and we see Maria strolling around the family home, around which there is a hustle and bustle, and the radio talks about divided Germany, things still very restless, about chaos. Perhaps the only way to deal with is excess, or maybe it's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It is really difficult to say under the old face and eyes of Schygulla. It's really an amazing performance, one of those showstoppers that captures the charm and charm of an old Hollywood female star while the dirty ethic of a street girl. The most telling are the contrasting costumes that you can see in one scene when she is finally with her husband, where he plays in one of those very lusty black pieces of underwear and high heels, and then goes to the dress without even thinking about it. It's almost the essence of what Maria is, and Schygulla greatly falls down, stubborn, but somehow a loving figure who is adored and embarrassed by the men around her, sometimes in one sentence. Here's what Fassbinder registers in his great first part of the "trilogy"; Although I would rather like Veronika Voss to be a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a character study, which makes the woman stick to and lose (almost) nothing to lose.
