One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German expressionism, a very climatic film style developed in the 1920s in Berlin. Classic films such as "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari ". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, its huge impact on cinema can be felt today, especially in the genre of horror. One of the key figures of this style would be director Paul Wegener, director of the movie "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam" from the 1920s, as in his debut as the creator of the film, seven years before the creation of this classic, he already did experiments with expressionism in the film. This early prototype of German Expressionism was, incidentally, the next horror story: Der Student Von Prag. <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" is a story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best swordsman in Prague, who, however, always has financial problems. One day, Balduin saves the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in the lake after her horse accidentally dropped her. Balduin falls in love with her immediately and tries to see her again, but soon discovers that he will have to compete with her rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he can not offer her much, Balduin wants to be rich, and that's where the wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) appears. Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the offer to discover with horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Loosely inspired by the story of Edgar Allan Poe "William Wilson" and the classic legend "Faust", the story "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, master of horror literature and one of the first writers, who thought writing scripts as important as any other form of literature. Written at a time when cinema in Germany was still developed as a form of art, Der Student Von Prag shows a real desire to use cinema to tell a fully developed story beyond a camera trick or series of scenes. Like most scriptwriters of that time, Ewers's screenplay is still heavily influenced by the theater, although Der Student Von Prag begins to move away from this style. Though he develops his character a bit poorly (especially in the case of supporting heroes), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex hero in the person of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student Von Prag" was the director of Paul Wegener's debut and the second film by Stellan Rye as a filmmaker, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what the cinema can do when will be done correctly. Two young filmmakers make great use of Guido Seeber's photos, creating a powerful gothic atmosphere that predicts what German filmmakers from the next decade will do. Wegener would learn many techniques that he would use in his "Golem" series from Seeber and Rye. Despite very limited resources, Rye and Wegener can create an amazing and very convincing (on their own time) visual effect for scenes with Balduin's reflection (played by Wegener). Even as an experienced theater actor at the time of the creation of this film, Wegener directs the cast with great talent, and also tries to depart from the stag style of previous creators. <br /> <br /> As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the film. It certainly helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the writer, but it can not be denied that Wegener was very good as a poor student who loses more than his mirror image in this contract. John Gottowt plays the sinister Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that fits the character like a glove. Little is said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt assures us that he is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate, and Grete Berger is quite average as Countess Margit, and Lothar Körner makes poor Graf von Schwarzenberg. However, it should be said that Lyda Salmonova was quite good in her expressive form, and Fritz Weidemann made a great baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that should be made by Lörner. <br /> <br /> When considering the films that were made in those years in other countries and the fact that their remake (made 13 years after this film) is better in every respect, it's not hard to understand why "Der Student Von Prag "He did not survive the test of time, as well as other early films. The main problem of the film is definitely its very low budget, because it caused the film to be much shorter than the story of Ewers, which had to be fully developed. This makes the plot sometimes too vague and even incomplete, as if something was lacking in the narrative (of course, there is also the possibility that the existing printout is really incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting early attempt at a complex story of horror and tension in a film that, although worse than what other filmmakers did, left a strong impression in history. <br /> <br /> As the direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is hard to deny the enormous significance that Der Student Von Prag has in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may look outdated even for its time, but given the limited resources that its director had, it is really better than most movies from that era. As a film that started Paul Wegener's career and German expressionism, Der Student Von Prag is a must for anyone interested in this film story. 7/10
