1927, and Hollywood was on the map as the center of the cinema world for just over ten years. Now that it has become a multi-million dollar industry and a vertically integrated studio system has been established, some of those in the quieter districts of this film factory have devoted some time to self-reflection. The last command, while his heart can be a classic story about a once-prestigious man who has lived through hard times, shows this story in a grim look at how cinema unceremoniously reproduces reality and how the production process can be mercilessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on the stage long enough to know. <br /> <br /> The focus is on the man who was then the most famous immigrant in Hollywood? Emil Jannings. Before coming to the States, Jannings worked mainly in comedy, being a master of a chomikowanego but funny performance, often as pompous figures of authorities or evading old dreams. He enters The Last Command as the last one and at first it looks like it is going to be another caricature of Jannings' scenery. However, as the story progresses, the actor demonstrates his range, showing in turn subtle fragility, cheerful dignity and ultimately incredible power and presence in the finale. It never ceases to be a terrible exaggeration (German acting tradition without knowing subtlety), but it constantly focuses our attention with absolute control over every aspect of its performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, although someone who was in Hollywood a bit longer and had no experience in the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated the image of the artistic and imperial Teutonic Cinema of Meister ("von" was invented, by the way), and took a very characteristic approach to the craft. In this picture, it is worth paying attention to the tempo and tone, the best example of which is the first Russian flashback scene. We open ourselves with a carefully constructed chaos with a movement in convergent directions, which we, viewers, become part of when the camera retreats and additions run on the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything calms down. Jannings' performance is incredibly calming and measured, and when players around him begin to reflect it, the effect is as if his very presence restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show aversion to violence, allowing the thickest moments to take place off screen, yet they suggest that they have occurred with the flow of images that are almost poetic. In fact, it seems that it has a versatile lack of interest in acting. In the prison revolt scene, Sternberg takes a restrained and objective attitude, and his camera eventually retreats to the position of flying on the wall. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex mixture of shots from the point of view and intense close-ups, pushing us into the middle of their interaction. <br /> <br /> As a personality on set, it would seem that Sternberg was similar to William Powell's cold and callous director on screen, and in fact Powell's portrait is probably something of a deliberate parody in which even Sternberg would be involved . Unfortunately, this stern attitude did not make him an easy man to work, and in conjunction with concentration on technical resources over people, smaller performances in his pictures leave little to be desired. While Jannings displays classic Hamming in Charles Laughton's mode, which works dramatically, it seems that no one has told his stars that they were not in comedy. Evelyn Brent is quite good, he gives us good emotions, but he loses it here and there. The only performance close to Jannings is Powell himself. It's a bit strange to see a normally nice star, The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld, who plays as harsh and humorless as the male Ninotchka, but does a good job, revealing a smoldering emotional intensity under a hard heart. <br /> <br /> The Last Command would easily ruin a few pens in the studio offices, as is usually the case with any disrespectful commentary on the process of making films, even with a relatively mild example. In any case, I think that many studio bosses would be dissatisfied with the "backstage" view, because it threatened the mystique of making movies that were still very much alive at the moment. As it turned out, this was the impact of the photo, which Jannings won the first ever Academy Award for Best Actor, and the nomination for the best script for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the problem is a bit unclear) nomination for the best film. This is significant because the Academy was a small institution at the time, and the first prizes were more than ever a bit of self-satisfaction from the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, she recognized the good material when she saw him, and she was ready to reward him.
