Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film produced by the company's own hero (Shintaro Katsu), perhaps because this is a slightly smaller entry in the series, although it is by no means weak. He talks about our hero who came across two cities, rival bosses and the mysterious ronin helping the poor, and from this set revolves the story of tragedy, violence and without much interest, all combined with the scourging of unconventional, but inspired fencing. trademark series. This is a fairly predictable plot and develops in a surprising way, but it turns into a style and is interesting. For example, the helpful ronin is a nontoxic revolutionary character, annoying the established order without painting as a truly nice or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself commits one or two mistakes and harms his actions, while the ruling system drives the exploitation of the poor. It is a rough world, with one or two more important than expected moments in battle, though things are not as thrilling as they could be. Shintaro Katsu performs a typical daring performance as Zatoichi, combining wisdom, deadly skills and worldliness with a subtly sad sense of sensitivity, while solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and effectively sinister Kô Nishimura (later appears as the better "Snake" Katsu Magobei in the Hanzo trilogy ) as the two main bosses in the film. There is also a good emotional response from Yuko Hamada as an injured woman. The film is lost by the unstable pace and the not well-structured sequence of events, there is at least one somewhat shocking leap in time, and the plot becomes a bit lost, which means that when things get hot at the end, the movie is not as exciting as the emotional impact. The action or scenes of Zatoichi using his brilliant skills are well manned by director Satsuo Yamamoto, though some of the gambling is less interesting, and the film is built in a work-like way, not really inspiration, without live characters or the spirits of other installments. Nevertheless, I liked this one, it has its flaws and is not among the best in this series, but it still contains a sweetly satisfying dose of entertainment, a good story and decent dose of Zatoichi trademark brilliant and bizarre cool. Recommended for fans of the series and a reasonable entry point, classic things, although this is not a real great one.
