This is one of the strangest films in the Zat么ichi series due to the very unusual tempo and role that Ichi plays in the film. Interestingly, it was the first film by Zat么ichi produced by the new production company Shintaro Katsu. Now, instead of playing a blind swordsman, Katsu is involved in film making. This could easily explain why this movie seems so different than the previous 15 films. When it comes to the role of Ichi, the movie is completely different because it is not in the film as often as usual. It is also easy to cheat and for a while he does a lot to hurt people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" begins with Ichi's conversation with an elderly lady who tries to use his blindness. Oddly enough, in this scene Ichi says he was blind from a toddler, although in an earlier movie he says that his blindness began when he was 8 years old. This is a small mistake and only a crazy fan like me would notice. br /> <br /> This movie has been taking place for at least six months and it is more likely that it would take a year - so you can see what I said about the strange stimulation. Most of the movies in the series take place in a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to the city where he is the boss (Asagoro), who is very eager to be kind to Ichi, because he knows the reputation of the blind man. The boss is charming and surprisingly Ichi is completely occupied by an evil man. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui) - a kind of guru for the poor. Shushui reprimands people to abandon all violence, and even Ichi falls into his teaching - giving up the sword for many months. Shushui's teachings are very similar to Taoist teachings from China - no violence and acceptance of life as it is (for better or for worse). <br /> <br /> A month after leaving this city and thinking that everything is alright, Ichi learns that as soon as he has gone, Asagoro showed his true colors - enslaving women, oppressing the poor and being a madman. In a sense, Ichi is responsible for this, helping Asagoro and counting him as a friend. Now Asagoro has captured Shushui and several innocent people have killed themselves due to the actions of the evil boss. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or bad, but he's clever. This piece of scarecrow is inspired and leads to the finals, where, what else, Ichi kills the bad guys and releases Shushui. This final was very good and took place in the rain. The final scene with Asagoro and the rocks is great, although the beheading is a bit tacky according to today's special effects standards. <br /> <br /> The pros for the movie are such that although they are slightly chilled, they are different and you can not mistake them for the previous 15 (which often seem very similar). In addition, it ends very well. The disadvantages (except pace) are that some may not like seeing Ichi so fallible, and the scenes with Ichi and other blind men attached to the comic fall flat ... very, very, very flat. They are cheesy and unpalatable ... this is such an apartment.
