Gundam wing is an amazing program from the beginning to the end, each episode is a joy to watch. History is typical of Gundam, in the future the population of the Earth is growing to the extent that we create cosmic colonies to grow. However, history is set in a completely different reality than any other Gundam program. It is the year after Colony 195 and the corrupt government of the Earth, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, violently assumes free colonies. To combat Alliance control and the even greater threat that is to come (the organization of the militaristic evil hiding in the Alliance known as OZ, which later takes control of Earth and colonies), selected members of the colony send 5 super powerful mechs to Earth to try to save colonies from the threat, which is coming soon. These mechs, known as Gundams, fight OZ and try to regain peace in the colonies when OZ takes over the front, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking over control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> The Gundam wing as I previously stated that in my opinion it is the most enjoyable Gundam series to watch. Much of the reason is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before, but also the stories are much deeper and more complicated than most other Gundam series. The Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam program I've ever seen. This series seemed to focus more on the character and relationship between these figures than the epic space battle. Now do not get me wrong, this program still has many epic battles, and the program still maintains the epic atmosphere that other Gundam series have, but it achieves this when the story follows a cast of 6 or 7 characters, as opposed to just 1. <br /> <br /> Regardless of how you look at it, it's really one of the most special and enjoyable Gundam series, and I definitely recommend it to any anime or sci-fi fan in general. The show has amazing animation and great action, but the depth and complexity of the story makes you come back for more. The characters are so well exposed at the end of the series that you finally love each of them. This program should definitely not be omitted. <br /> <br /> Perfect 10/10!
