Matador is better after bouncing, because at the moment of watching it seems so light. Humor is always medium-sized, never anxious, but never destroys it. History is a very simple story. Features of the plot are often recycled features, namely an unscrupulous bad guy in need of a buddy and a straightforward glass guy who needs security in life, joining forces and learning from each other and complementing each other's lifestyle. I also think that bullfighting parallel to the story is unnecessary, because it is simply a cruel thing, and the symbolism is not strong enough to maintain. However, it really is a good movie because it seemed to be so thin at the time and it did not affect that it was not. It has a subtle way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I believe that the reason for slowly but surely giving the audience something to take away is that although it is a formula that is nothing new, even the majority of humor, both main characters, practically the only the figures are somehow known and understood. Forget about their real one. It's not what I mean. My point is that although the dirty, feminine and drunk hit of Pierce Brosnan is a detached comic figure, he is strongly understood by the writer and by Brosnan, who aggressively communicates how much he enjoys the breath of fresh air of James Bondless. Greg Kinnear's character seems the same in his detached scenario, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes, which for a moment due to the extinction of the film pass us, but then they hit us just a moment later. Then we realize that the film is not simply analyzed, and the planes, trains and cars were again told. It really says something. <br /> <br /> The movie's climax is in a sense part of a thriller with twists and turns. But with its lightness, how can it be in the center of the film's attention, although the plot leads to it? No, attention is focused on what Brosnan and Kinnear get out of their unlikely relationship with each other. Amazingly, Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and sorrow every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so gentle and accepts that Brosnan continually interrupts his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan rescues Kinnear from a more mundane version of his own affection as a means of redemption. The last scene of the film stays with me. I think it is a place where the subtle side impact of the film finally begins to penetrate.
