Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the continued Gundam chronicles. Unlike the previous entries, which focused on the great wars, this one is a bit different; instead of army versus army, this is carried out by five teenage boys (because of their ability to easily connect with normal adults) and their machines called "Gundamami" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. Which leads to problems, because gundams are to be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits", which are piloted less destructive weapons platforms and "Dolls" that run on A.I. and are used as an infantry grunt. <br /> <br /> The whole sense of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an advantage over most of the Anime that makes him here. Especially that most anime has been adapted from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, which come from Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing versus most anime in the sense that Gundam, instead of the very top battles between mortals who resemble gods more, is very humanistic and seems to enjoy the fact that it is dramatic, not melodramatic and events seem to evolve gracefully throughout the series. There are usually more than a few series in the anime that they think the best way to get a "small" battle is that it will take half an hour - something that will never happen in real life. Gundam is at the top of it, making sure everyone knows that characters will die, machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, battles will be lost and won, and it never seems that it does the satirical activities themselves. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Wing Gundam is in the details, and what this series has is that more anime would be grateful for possession. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or obscure martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard-line science fiction country that hates hard-line science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to say that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not hard-line-real-life-science-fiction because of the religious themes that are the core of its series) love Star Wars, but they hate A.I. (movie). Since then, Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is now in production for both Japanese and American publishing houses simultaneously with two voice bands. The American audience must wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to catch versions of dubbed or subtitled, and even edited episodes of SeeD, which are broadcast on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two sides fighting in the war are technically withdrawn. The heroes are those who defend the rights of the more affluent and aristocratic citizens of the Earth against a group of terrorists set to win at all costs that make up the heroes of the Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not a war, it is a "total war". Every person, every building, every street is the target of an attack, both on and off the Earth. <br /> <br /> My only complaint and the reason why she did not get ten points is about three-quarters of the way, she just died a few episodes and no one really changes. It's like today's retrospection, which is good because of what it reveals about the character, but it also drags down what should be brewing between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and over-over-on-Cartoon-Network (in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz movie more than make up for the slack.
