A team of archaeologists discover a real treasure? Queen of Sheba's Crown. From Egypt, the crown is to be transferred to San Francisco by steamboat. But it will not be an easy journey. There are many would-be thieves who would like to get the priceless jewels contained in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr. Moto is on hand to guard the crowns while traveling. This does not mean, however, that someone will not try to get a treasure. <br /> <br /> After Mr. Moto's disappointment with Gamble, I went to Mr. Moto, who has a holiday in the hope of the best but, alas, fearing the worst. But during the first 10 seconds of the movie I knew that it would be nicer for me. I am a sucker in the 30's style, which has something to do with the archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Moto dressed as a German archaeologist (imagine that Peter Lorre plays German?), The initial scenes really drew me. Although the film quickly moved to a less exotic San Francisco, it remained equally enjoyable. Dark, sinister figures lurking on a rainy night; shots from open windows that barely miss the hero's head; sophisticated and allegedly reliable alarm systems begging someone to test them; and the masters of the criminals considered dead? these are elements that appear in many of the really good secrets of the thirties that I love. And Mr. Moto has everything he has for the holidays. A few other bonuses for me are always pleasant Lionel Atwill in a nice role, a comic relief from G.P. Huntley is really fun and back to shape for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise in the opening scenes of the film, and athletic Moto comes near the finale of the film. Moto is like a whirling Dervish of activity when he follows his prey. All this and I did not even mention the wonderful performance of Lorre. Whatever you look at it, Mr. Moto wins the holiday. <br /> <br /> Although I hate that Mr. Moto had to end this part, it's understandable when you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not go very well. At least the Mr. series Moto ended with a very positive note.
