Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hitman. Or a "facilitator of deaths", as he prefers to be called. She is also a drunkard, a womanizer and in the midst of mid-life crisis. At work in Mexico City, he runs into Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an undisputed businessman who thinks he's just hit the pitch, but he's not sure. They meet in the hotel bar late at night, after both of them had a few too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> Sounds like a comedy comedy thriller set, right? ? But it's not like that. Instead, Matador is a fun and sometimes moving study of the character. He avoids any twist that suggests the above summary, sometimes even sets them just to tear them apart. It is a movie that respects his characters enough to let them continue without feeling the need to push them into unnecessary plot tricks. <br /> <br /> The hero of Brosnan will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but this is unfair to both performances. Bond is a semi-formed idea, a product of everything that has happened; whereas Julian is a fully formed figure with his own motivations and disadvantages. He existed in his own shady, dingy world for so long that he forgot how to talk to another man. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal guy with normal work and normal problems. Jealousy to Danny; the striker is tired of his life, he sees himself getting closer to his inevitable "burn-in", as he put it. But when Danny opens up to the death of her only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, according to his own words, "fled from all emotions." Kinnear has his own performance against Brosnan and injects Danny White with his effortless charm of every man. It is an excellent foil for Julian; while the latter is drunken bravado and hedonism, Danny is on the ground with a bit of eccentricity. But he also goes deeper than his established personality, showing us how far away every man will go in the face of financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. This is most visible in three key scenes of the film: the hotel bar; bullfighting, during which Julian tells Danny what he makes a living and takes him to the costume trial of the coup; and the scene where Julian appears in Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us correctly to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example, how much Matador respects his heroes, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking due to the presence of a rented killer in his home, he asks only for forced peace: "You brought a weapon?". The script is not as good as it could be after the next rewrite. One or two lines seem a bit forced, and some jokes require a bit more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just talk, the magazine is great. In the film, there is no need to put characters in bizarre situations (except for the meeting with the hit and the saying "striking" appearing at your fingertips). He simply lets them talk, gently pushing them towards the necessary feature points. <br /> <br /> There is an action, but only if it reflects the characters. One remarkable example is that Julian is cleaning up his job in Budapest because he still sees himself within range of the shotgun. The rest of the film concerns the heroes, their interaction, mutual influence on each other. And ultimately it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At some point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really mean it.
