It is very difficult to evaluate this movie. As an entertainment value for the viewers of the 21st century, it fails miserably. However, for a student of early sound movies and history it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" is a revue filmed to compete with the successful "Hollywood Revue of 1929" MGM, which has survived in its entirety with Technicolor stages. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the whole revue was to present the silent stars of a particular studio in speaking roles and show that they can make a transition. It seems, however, that Warner Bros. forgot about it and employs many actors and celebrities whom they did not even have under a long-term contract, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie, and even a marching band. Meanwhile, their greatest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even with a high salary, he could not be forced to join. Almost every act is too long, and the movie plays like a dozen or so Vitaphone shorts joined together without continuity. The finale is also too long, but it is really nice with all of its dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The most important elements of the film are two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub", several issues with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performing Shakespeare and Chinese fantasy "Li Po Li "with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last issue is the only part of the movie that has survived in Technicolor and is really attractive. Reasonably, the players in these good games were the stars of Warner Bros., so the director knew how to play by force because he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This movie acts as a snapshot of a strange point in the history of the movie - 1929, which was the bridging year between the two eras - the quiet and sonic eras, the roaring 20's and the Great Depression. Only two years later, the same film would have a completely different cast, as Warner Bros. he would give up the stars of the silent era and the stars he hired to produce early musicals for the stars that Warner Bros gave. a characteristic urban look and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
