Matador is a strange movie. His main character, Julian, played with an amazing mix of Brosnan's charm and imbalance, is not a typical hero. Julian is a hit man who is experiencing middle-aged crises. Having spent 22 years in the profession of a murderer in cold blood, he is now stressed and desperately lonely. And so, after an accidental meeting at a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he slams in and begins an awkward, awkward friendship. Danny, the quintessence of a nice guy, is dealing with some things in his life and, to be honest, he can also use a friend. They both make an unexpected connection, and Danny stays up to hear Julian's story, even after learning the "unpalatable" truth about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador approaches a topic not exactly unheard of in the cinema, an anti-hero killer (movies like "Slayers" and "Grosse Pointe Blank" come to mind.) But Matador differs in a few key ways. first, killing and gore are implied but never shown in any detail, which means that if you're an action movie enthusiast looking for adrenaline, this movie will probably disappoint you. Second, unlike most antihero movies, Matador does not he tries to show remorse and redemption from his main character, Julian's work is simply portrayed as "what is." It's remarkable, considering that 99.99% of us think that killing is terrifying. however, this unconventional approach makes the film authentic. Although we do not like to admit it, almost everything can become mundane, if we do it enough for a long time, maybe even a murder. "Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays for killing people? Who knows. The film never deals with these questions. He focuses on Julian and his stumbling into true friendship. If you're reading about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you would think that people like him should be uprooted like a cancer, but forced to watch his life, you are drawn to his intense humanity. I think compassion for the devil. <br /> <br /> Julian's take on Brian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not divorce completely with his James Bond look and smooth grace, but adds simply disturbing quirks to the mix. Strange or primitive comments in middle polite conversations and sudden changes from polite charm to childish tantrums and sad desperate requests for acceptance. He keeps you guessing about his sense of reason and how it affects the people around him. It's a bit like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly hits the wrong note during the game, but works. Movies just another important role, Danny, is not so fleshy. Kinnear becomes a solid, if not a spectacular performance as a regular Joe with regular life and Joe's problems. <br /> <br /> The movie does not have any big shakes or turns M Night Shyamalan, but I could not guess the ending and it was satisfying. There are no deep philosophical or spiritual insights, but it is very human. And he did not have any car chases or gun battles, but I thought the stimulation was well done and I never got bored. Perhaps the only real message is the human need to reach out to each other and make contact with them, and how these needs do not have moral conditions. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends of bad people. This is a commentary to the strange, random world in which we live. Good film; worth seeing.
