Sherman, set up a return machine on ... 1986. The United States simply emerged from its worst post-war recession, while Japan enjoyed an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry was still a significant part of the American economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American". The word "reducing" has not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew this phenomenon. Bruce could be heard in the radio singing: "Foreman says these jobs are coming, boy, and they will not come back to your hometown." Chrysler has just been saved by Uncle Sam. You can see bumper stickers, saying: "Buy American - the work you save can be your own." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" deals better with the mood of the American workforce than any other popular movie made during this period. Certainly the film has its drawbacks - some threads of the storyline and average acting works of all but Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story really is about meeting the East and the West: Keaton's hunt Stevenson embodies America, bold and confident outside, but uncertain underneath. Kazuhiro Watanabe embodies Japan at the top of the stack of a successful system, but wonders if you can learn something from your Western rivals. The plot of the film, however erroneous, simply provides a framework for conflict and ultimately the synthesis of their two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's activeness outshines all the others and makes the film virtually alone. I've always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that feel improvised, no matter what he wrote. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a nice, polite everyman, a natural leader with passion. But he has a fatal defect common to many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. He will take away the crowd from inspiring anecdotes, and even lies instead of pointing to the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is a mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, he is reluctant to be a bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson for the first time comes to Kazuhiro with complaints from employees perfectly reflects the Japanese approach to conflict in the workplace. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints, "I understand what you say," but he does not deny his requests aloud. Stevenson misinterprets this as an agreement and leaves, saying, "Okay, we've got it done." (It's still a problem in business relations in Japan and America in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: make the factory work efficiently, meet production goals and fulfill its responsibility to employees under them. When working on this goal, everyone must take a page from the book of others. The Kazuhiro family more and more "Americanized" is an obvious example. Also note that Stevenson finds it strange when Kazuhiro explains how he had to apologize to his employees for the failure - and yet in the film Stevenson does exactly the same. <br /> <br /> The plot and its resolution is a bit of corn, but hey, it's a comedy. If you can overlook the disadvantages of the movie, here is a great story about self-realization and open mind.
