Many neglect that this is not just a classic because it is the first 3D game and even the first shooter. This is also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) really claustrophobic games and generally quite a good game. With graphics that are terribly outdated today, the game drags you into the role of B.J. (do not even think * that I will try to spell his name!), American P.O.W. caught in an underground bunker. You fight and search tunnels to achieve different goals for six episodes (but let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to give you weapons, surround you with Nazis and send you to waste one of them) Nazi leader). The graphics, as I have already mentioned, are quite outdated and very simple. The least detailed in detail every 3D game released by a professional team of creators. However, if you manage to overcome this (and some suggest that this simplicity only increases the impact of the game on you), then you have one piece of good shooter / sneak. The gameplay involves searching for keys, health and ammunition, destroying enemies (mentioned Nazis and "boss's enemy" for a chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, increases as the game progresses), unlocking doors and looking for secret rooms. After bumping each level, the bonus is counted ... depends on how fast you were (basically, if you beat the "time pair", this is the time when the tester had to go through the same level; it might be quite cool to try to beat and at the same time, how difficult are the levels, they are even difficult after many games), how much Nazi gold (treasure) you collected and how many bad guys you killed. Basically, if you have 100% of any of the above, you will receive a bonus that will help you achieve the desired high results. The game (mainly, but not always) allows two contrasting methods of playing ... surreptitiously or shedding everything and everything you see. You can either run or walk, and there is a knife among your weapons ... running is heard immediately when you enter the same room as the guard, like arrows. Many guards are with their backs turned to you, which means you can follow them and stab them ... almost silently. You can get no less than four weapons and two keys in your inventory ... more about weapons later. The keys unlock some doors. Most of the doors in the game are not blocked ... only two types require keys, and these keys are entered only at later levels (you restart at levels, reset the weapon, health, score and live in each chapter). Much of the later game is devoted to their search. Now, as I mentioned, this game, like many other periods (late 80's, early 90's), is based on collecting additional lives ... I personally think that it is completely and completely useless (it has been mercifully removed from the end ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and away), because you can save at any time, and "using life" resets arms, health and ammunition, as in the new chapter (which is a real pain in later levels where * you need * heavier artillery). Now I will not fight in the bushes ... going to the gun! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is quiet, but only effective at close range) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good to save ammunition, in contrast to two other bad boys. Your third weapon is the German submachine gun ... a submachine gun. It's faster and automatic, and some later enemies use it. And the last ... is like a Gatling gun! Oh yes! Think T2. Think about the Predator. Think about unloading a huge amount of lead into Nazi devils with such a weapon. It's as much fun as it seems. Most boss enemies use this, so be prepared. However, I will not reveal the identity of these bosses ... it is for every player to discover him (or her) himself. The sound is perfect ... very sharp and realistic. When you hear a tear of a machine gun firing, a deafening metallic crack slamming behind you, or a Nazi scream surprised or a warning in German, you really feel you are there, trapped in these dark and depressing bunker systems. It nicely inscribes me in the level design ... when you run through seemingly countless, almost identical corridors towards the next elevator, leading further, you are overcome with a claustrophobic mood. Almost more than once I had motion sickness (although it may have something to do with small sleep, high humidity and unusual warmth ...) from the game. Although the level of detail is not terribly high, it's great. The remains of the victims, the guards' lodgings and countless Nazi symbols ... the list continues. The game also contains a lot of gore ... because it is a limited graphics engine, John Romero and his crew certainly used all the blood and tripe that they could in the game. What's left to say ... the first of its kind, and no wonder it gave birth to countless other 3D shooters. Sure, bouncing weapons and different levels of height (stairs and the like) did not appear until the next entry in the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D introduced the function of changing the view (so it goes beyond just left and in right, adding vertical dimensions to it), and jumps did not appear until the third, later title (first Quake, probably? other players, help me here) ... but all these games, like the rest of the genre, owe their existence to this. Load Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and enter B.J. ... deserves recognition, even (or maybe even particularly?) Almost fifteen years after he appeared. I recommend it to all 3D game fans. 8/10
