Eric Stoltz provides an extraordinary performance by Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist who gets paralyzed and finds himself in a special hospital for the disabled recently after breaking his neck during a tourist accident. Learning to deal with the seriousness of her new limited physical condition, Joel befriends the sleek, fast-talking, charming womanizer Raymond (the amazing Wesley Snipes) and the vulgar, gruff, racist biker Blossem (wonderful William Forsythe) who feels threatened by a diverse multi-ethnic a collection of patients with whom he is forced to share a room. Joel also receives considerable support from his loyal and loving, but married girl Anna (radiantly played by Helen Hunt). But he still has to accept that he is disabled himself. <br /> <br /> This extraordinary key triumph of the film is a gloriously stubborn refusal, neither decontamination nor sentimentalization of the severity of what people go through. Directors Neil Jimenez (who also wrote a thoughtful and insightful script) and Micheal Steinberg tell a story with exceptional taste, wit and warmth, especially referring to the disarming honesty and rationality of how the impairment irreversibly changes the lifestyle, especially your sex life (this the point is the most powerful in a striking sequence when Joel and Anna try not to love the motel room). In addition to the expected takeover, the film additionally provides a surprising surplus of wicked, raw, earthly humor, emphasized by the noisy sequence with Joel and Bloss, who are making a secret night trip to the strip club. The evenly perfect game qualifies as another significant plus: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are unique, with distinctive supportive phrases: Grace Zabriskie as the lovely, nice mother of Bloss and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as compassionate hospital nurses. Despite the gloomy subject matter, the film ultimately turns out to be a very moving, positive and uplifting cinema testament of the amazing strength and endurance of the human spirit. Just a wonderful little gem of drama.
