At first glance, this movie looks like the 24 Keifer Sutherland series on the big screen. Focusing on a plot to murder the President of the United States, race against time and a multitude of Secret Service agents, the agency is in the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the hero turns as a character of Pete Garrison, Michael Douglas, a veteran Secret Service, known for taking the ball for Reagan in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to "take a ball", which makes them unique - who on the right mind will be placed in the line of the ball and target? But Garrison is involved in a murder plot and has to flee to investigate the plot at the same time. All this because of his failure in the printing test due to his adulterous strike by the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of In the Line of Fire Clint Eastwood. Both aging actors and aging veterans were heroes with a bit of historical reference who took the bullet in their business trips. While Eastwood's film has a more mysterious villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from the lack of a central strong villain, preferring to share the responsibility for murder among the many forgotten villains of the former KGB and mole in the presidential details. When Douglas escapes from the law, he becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble from The Fugitive, hunting for the proverbial one-man man, while relying on his fits to outsmart his fellow agents, which turned out to be quite interesting to see - despite the smooth processes, he still brings to the efficiency and credulity of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the leading 24-hour television and Desperate Housewives, are relegated to the role of support as Secret Service investigators who look at Garrison's likely involvement in a murder plot, and sometimes seem to be pushing back CSI from your forensic skills. The beautiful couple had chemistry that could remind Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of X-Files, but unfortunately these two things had little to do. We know the reason why they take part in the film, namely, to introduce fans to theaters. In addition, the role of Longoria seemed unable to shake off her sexy mother Gabrielle, and here she has her in fairly low blouses (Sutherland tells her to hide) and tight pants (ogle-fest for fellow agents). <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is still quite interesting to look at the life of probably the most burdened and strained details of protection in the world and the typical threats they face every day, including the continuation of every threat in life the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent suspense and investigative thriller with enough threads to keep you entertained. But one thing, like most final action sequences, has a large enough gap to fly jumbo jet.
