Charles McDougall's CV includes directing episodes of "Sex and the City", "Desperate Housewives", "Queer as Folk", "Big Love", "The Office", etc. So he has all the references to make the TV version of the film The novel by Meg Wolitzer SURRENDER, DOROTHY is a success. And in most cases, he manages to keep this potentially crazy story of the sudden death of a loved one and the way people react to it in their lives. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos) beautiful unmarried young woman accompanies her best friends - gay playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), current clamp Adam Shawnow (Chris Pine) and marriage Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their little son - home in the Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group seems cheerful until the trip to the local ice refrigerator Adam and Sara will lead to a car accident that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sarah's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life, but haunting her daughter with mutual welcome. "Surrender, Dorothy" takes place elsewhere: when he answers, Sara is dead, she comes to the Hamptons , where her overbearing personality and grief cause friction among Sarah's friends. Natalie slowly but surely discovers the secrets of each of them, developing in the conversation about Sarah, as if it brought her life. The desire for truth Natalie at all costs results in serious changes in the group and only thanks to the binding love of the deceased Sarah, everyone finally meets. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is in the best form in these roles, this plot combines drama with comedy, and its presence combines history. The script has its own good moments, but it also has a lot of filler that becomes a bit heavy and bleak, which makes the actors seem uncomfortable because of the lines that are given to them. Yes, this story has been repeatedly told - the impact of sudden death on the lives of people whose privacy changes thanks to the disclosures - but the movie moves with the casting rate and has enough real entertainment to be worth watching. Grady Harp
