The author of "Nekromantik," the second feature film by Jörg Buttgereit "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. The film focuses on a chain letter from the "Brotherhood of the Seventh Day" group. The film shows 7 episodes, each of which consists of one day in one week, where suicide occurs using different characters and situations, while the letter develops it's rounds. Do not touch it if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy and even remotely "normal" movies or expect the movie to be good only if it focuses on stage acting. <br /> <br /> Nihilist, avant-garde approach Der Todesking explains well why Buttgereit films were banned altogether in Germany, their native country of origin, in the 80's and most of the 90's. Der Todesking is not really focused on the characters appearing on the screen, but senseless apathy or depression, which is the life of most people. Buttgereit has no reason to live on, just reasons to stop, and by choosing the way and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit movies are generally difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. The "artistic film" with the same crew and almost the same cast as all other films will probably be the closest description every time. Der Todesking contains the original method of photographing, creating mood and operating a central object in almost every scene. During one scene the camera slowly, constantly moves in a 360 degree circle, and the person lives in a small one-room apartment for one day. In another, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to depict the fall of a man's mental state while he lives in his desperation. During the third, seemingly nice scene name, age and competition of real people who committed suicide, are shown on the screen, allegedly guaranteeing a ban in Germany for this particular film. <br /> <br /> Movies from episodes (and especially this one, because the scenes are only partially connected) generally suffer from inconsistencies, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes focus on death and its consequences or sub-sequences in all its variants, there are very strong episodes, but episodes or even may seem like a filling material, partially exhausting the overall power of the film - still, stunning, immensely powerful breaks depicting decomposing the body can keep the film together and clean it from the foggy moments back to the state of splendor. The general atmosphere is surprising, awe-inspiring, very depressing, and sometimes even disgusting - so much so that dozens of people left in the middle of the movie during a theater show at a film festival in which I took part. <br /> <br /> This is one movie that leaves a lasting impression and I strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a unique experience and something that will definitely be remembered in the coming years. It is not recommended for weak hearts or fans of shows, it is a small, different movie that really arouses feelings among the audience. Whether it's confusion, amazement or even hatred, you probably will not be left cold by this, in my opinion the best, achievement of this small indie team. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" was released in a limited, 666-piece 8-inch vinyl version, which is now very much sought-after. You can still get a classic masterpiece, getting a CD with music for the movie "The Nekromantik", which music in the Lo-Fi synthesizer in the movie is dark and bizarre, almost like illiteracy, is an important part of the atmosphere of the film and is something that very, very much you rarely hear.
