"Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like the spontaneous youthful flirtation of fascination and fear, like the climax of opposing emotions," said one of the film enthusiasts after watching LOVE AT THE TOP, a misinterpreted title version of the stylish director Michel Deville LE MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in the New York Times, shortly after the premiere of the movie in 1974, stated: "LOVE UP TO THE HOLE, which opened yesterday on the 68th Street Playhouse, is a French comedy from 1973, which is mistakenly the number of English comedies from the fifties about the growth and growth of cynical young men possessing and possessed by ambition. However, the significant difference he mentioned was the fact that LOVE AT THE TOP does not apply to the English class system ... (27 January 1975) <br /> <br /> Having left the marks to individual people, of course the test of time has fulfilled its task . After more than 30 years, we can certainly say that we find it difficult to find films such as LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in which decadence seems innocent, where the links seem to be youthfully enthusiastic, where feelings are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> It seems useless for fans of Romy Schneider that this film is a necessity, not only because it gives a unique performance (as in all of its roles) in its heyday, a career (9 years before her sudden death), but because she is particularly attractive here. This is not TRIO INFERNAL, from which, so to speak, "forced escape" and mockery of the sweet image of Romy, visited for years by saccharine Sissi, meets the most discouraging manifestation, but the film in which the genius actress receives a fair role. Game Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of desire leading the story, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who profits financially from lustful relationships. This film can boast of truly unforgettable and unique shots of Roma, and she gets some of her best scenes. Sexe Romil is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point of the film is the implementation of content with the development of individual perception. Indistinctly this may seem, the director uses the contrast perfectly: conventions versus pleasures, innocence versus decadence, true lust versus instrumental romance. Nicola is the owner of most of the features that viewers may like or hate, may be attractive or disgusting; however, these are qualities that viewers must take seriously, or rather, that we all must accept. Therefore, one leads to the peculiar, gentle wild, erotically unique world of the main character. Although she sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent the kind of opposite worlds for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). Manipulates them, loves them, can not resist both the desire for the body and the desire for money; however, he perceives them differently. Despite all this "adult maturity", he is emotionally similar to a small boy who plays with a toy car on the table - something like "a detailed insight into the male mind ..." in a comedic manner, a course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are very good performances, which makes the LE MOUTON ENRAGE slightly undervalued. Not only the mentioned Roma Schneider performs brilliant work, providing viewers with an extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jane Birkin seems to be persuasive as young, inexperienced street pedestrian Maria Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant allows you to see Nicole in the right way. This artistic merit, appearing in performances, goes hand in hand with the wonderful music of Camille Saint-Saëns, a melody that will ring in your ears for a long time. Therefore, apart from some film disadvantages, such as outdated colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clichés (noticed by some viewers), merits should be considered significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in all, is a clear manifestation of contradictory manipulative tools in life. It is worth seeing as a moment in the career of Roma, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of opposing emotions, love and hatred, recognition and disgust compared to the first orgasm and first engagement ... But are not we human? "Viewers", cinema lovers built on such contrasts?
