I can not say much about California, because I have not seen the whole thing with sadness (I managed to see it only in pieces on Fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his earlier films are good. But this role, I just, his acting is great, his character Early seems so normal, fine, terrifying, dark strange, but you know that normal for this type of hillbilly guess. And the performance of Juliette Lewis, although I can see how some people can get nervous about it, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I have not seen the end yet, but reading the other reviews here sounds good but disappointing. I must admit that I would like David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling is incorrect) to be a bit flat, but it was fine for him. His wife's character was better and I thought that her performance, although not the best in the film, was quite good, the portrait type of avant-garde / elder sister. Especially the scene where Early and Brian play billiards, and Adele and Carrie play together. I have watched this scene at least twice and I still think that playing it is simply wonderful. First of all, because of the emotion Adele introduces after he talks about the three boys being raped and what he feels about Early and Carrie's reaction to it. Everything I think about is just perfect. I mean, maybe because I can relate a bit, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> Regarding Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we see at once; I thought it was great. Some of Pitt's films I saw were just average or not worth seeing. I do not think I've ever seen a horrible movie with Pitt, and if not, it's not because of his actor's other factors. This movie was not one of them. He turned out to be a great performance in California. I swear that I am not just an accidental man whom I like for playing not only because he is handsome. I mean, his character in this movie is not handsome or charming in any way! Pitt is dark, thoughtful and sometimes terrifying. However, he is also cheerful, funny, nice and even loving Adele. I admit there are some places that made me want to reach the TV and strangle it, but it's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how good Pitt was in this movie, that I forgot about it, played a character, what a good game is supposed to do. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I'd like to say more, but that's all I can say without seeing the ending, I've seen most of the movie because of what I caught on Fuse and how I'm recording it on DVR so I hope that later I will be able to write a more complete review. I just wanted to share my thoughts about the movie, which I thought was really cool and something that seems to be missing (it should not be!)
