I saw "California" earlier (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember that I was impressed by it. That's why I wanted to see it again and all I can say is that it still has not lost its power, although I'm used to a lot more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. > <br /> "California" tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of climbing the plain and flying straight to the state where they say it never rains, they choose a car trip. I want to write a book about the most famous American serial killers, and she will do the matching pictures. But because their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take another pair with them so that they can spread their travel costs. Only one pair replied to the add, so they will automatically be lucky. But they have not met yet, and Carrie, seeing the second pair for the first time, when their journey has already begun, is shocked. Not wanting to be prejudiced, he can only say that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are bad white debris from the park of trailers. He definitely does not want them in the car, but Brian does not mind taking them with him and decides to keep them. Initially, the couple does not seem to be that bad, but gradually Early Graika is changing from a cheap hill into a merciless murderer ... <br /> <br /> The story is not only very impressive, but also acting from our four leads. Brad Pitt is amazing as early Grayce. His performance in this film may be his best ever. The same applies to Juliette Lewis. The game of a childish and naive girl who does not want to hear about her bad words and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also surprised. They both did a very good job and I'm really wondering why we've never heard anything from Forbes since this movie, because it really proves that he has a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> Generally it is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but because of graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be everyone's taste (although I do not really see a different way to portray a serial murderer in a reliable way). Personally, I liked this film very much, and violence never bothered me (this is part of a story that is too important to miss). I am rewarding this film 8/10.
