In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another movie that was not so popular with critics because of its excessive violence, but which I also loved, California is a film that clearly exposes violence, but I like to think that it's changing into an act final. Just like the beginning of The Basketball Diaries, but at the end of the movie it shows a bad side, which is much worse than a good side. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic girl who is in this brutal, sexy black and white photograph, which is usually reserved, I do not know where, the place where nudity passes into art. Maybe it really is and I just do not understand it. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fit in perfectly with this role), make the perfect couple go on a documentary journey after the famous murders. Brian, the writer, will write a book, Carrie will take pictures. <br /> <br /> Brian and Carrie, being artistic types, are not quite financially prepared for such a trip, so they make an announcement to someone, share their expenses for gas and travel costs, and they contact Early Grace and Adele Corners ( Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). He is formerly released conditionally and assigned to cleaning work at the local university by his conditional release officer, sees the advertisement on the bulletin board and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his conditional release, but also leaving the owner's murder site, so he will not have to deal an unbearable investigation into the murder. Two birds with one stone, you know. <br /> <br /> The film has an interesting ability to depict two stereotypes, artistic yuppies and a fat trailer bin, without resorting to stereotypes, or even to caricatures of both types. Brian and Carrie are ingenious liberals, but when Carrie catches up on Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early as an outlaw, as you can see in the scene where Brian shoots the Early gun. He has never shot a pistol before, he is as fascinated as a small child. While Adele and Carrie return to the hotel, Adele reveals such things in her childish manner, like the fact that Early "broke her" smoking and that she is not allowed to drink (she does not think women should be early), Early and Brian they are at the local bar. Brian nervously reacts to the drunk who is trying to fight him, and Early advises Brian first what to do and then enters and gives him a lesson. - Hit him, Bri, he's coming. This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny, as Early Joy says, when the guy's friends pull him away, bloody and battered, but also because it's interrupted with the girls in the hotel, we find out that many at once about two pairs, their differences and conflicts that will probably arise because of them. And besides, because Brian took advantage of Early's activities, and Carrie is terrified of what he's hearing from Adele, it also illustrates another way in which Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Of course, now, we can say that this is not a typical thriller with a strange couple, in which the urban people bump into the village folk and come to all kinds of stereotypical chaos. On the one hand, it seems too convenient that Brian and Carrie are going on the route of crime scenes and just accompany them a real-life killer, but on the other hand it is a great way to counteract the glorification of the murder, which is inseparable during a trip around the country, which is supposed to bring fame to murderers and their crimes. Brian and Carrie, studying the activities of former murderers, ultimately face the material they are learning, and realize that murder is not as nice or morbidly fascinating as it happens in your eyes, like an unrelated study of murders past . <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed at the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in films such as California, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean 11 and 12. Pitt is similar to Tom Hanks because he can change his appearance drastically or enough to suit a character and is completely credible. Incidentally, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I just could not get the right hair and beard. I even have a suitable hat, which initially seemed to me the most difficult. <br /> <br /> It's easy to see why many people do not like California or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that it makes glorification serve to explain the audience's understanding of the topic. A film that does not glorify violence, at least at the beginning, would never be as effective as California, but the film shaped it perfectly. Glorification is embodied in the fascination of Brian and Carrie with the idea of ​​murder and the auras of the places in which it happened, but their realization and our embodiment is embodied in the real thing that meets with Early and Adele. The aim of the film is to describe this difference between the idealization of violence and seeing her horror close and serious.
