Although I am grateful for this obscure gem of Italian cinema from the 70s in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" set, and although it is also available on the record under the misleading and stupid alternative title "Escape from Death Row", I honestly think it deserves a suitable and luxurious DVD editing, completely in originally used languages ​​with subtitle options (dubbing is really awful), restored picture quality and a load of special bonus features! Hell, I do not even need restored picture quality and bonus features if we can watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a merry fast mafia / crime film with a lot of violence, comedy (which, it is true, does not always work), female beauty and two witty main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is wonderful as a small bandit pretending to be the biggest donor in the city. When the true ruler of the crime, Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef), arrives in the city, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder, offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little cheater, but eventually they form an unbelievable team when the entire criminal Francy's army turns against him, and the new French criminal will even kill the innocent brother Franki. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they go to Marseilles to get Frankie's revenge. The scenario of this sadly neglected crime jewel jokingly changes the fragile action and tension with light pieces of comedy, like the grotesque car chase through the narrow French mountain roads. Focusing on typical mafia performance sequences (guided by the excellent Riz Ortolani score) is extremely tense, and actual killings are sadistic and merciless, which is probably the reason why the film is considered a sort of classic home. The film lacks a strong feminine advantage, because the charming and incredibly sensual beauty of Edwige Fenech just appears in a few scenes, and then still in the background. One of the men behind the camera, responsible for great pictures, was no less than Joe D'Amato. A great movie, I highly recommend fans of Italian exploitation and I hope to see it in the original version soon.
