I have never heard about Leosa Carax for his segment Merde in recent years in Tokyo, and it was easy to distinguish three stories of the film. It was not my favorite short pants, but it was the most unique and the most iconic one. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of his feature films that I saw, a virtuoso romantic film that uses image and music to communicate with lively, young love that overflows into poetic. Although his films are classified as neo-nouvelle vogue, his films owe as much to silent cinemas as experimental narratives from the 1960s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in L'atlante, Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin than to Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In his debut album Boy Meets, Girl Carax in 1984 uses black and white visual support to display emotional states. He connects the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but is based on a reality that never seems quite stable like Cocteau, but thanks to his words he becomes more accessible, emotional and engaging like Vigo movies. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple and similar to the next two Carax films that make up the "Young Lovers" trilogy. A boy named Alex played by Denis Lavanta (who plays Alex in the next two Carax films) has just been abandoned by his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost kills his friend on the boardwalk, but stops before the murder. She walks around, reminding her of the sounds of her neighbors having sex, and the dreams of her girlfriend and the best friend who meets intimately. She steals her documents and leaves them in a friend's apartment, but avoids direct contact with any of them. He wanders and finds his way to the party, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part of the "Out of breath" and part of "Limelight". <br /> <br /> He is later advised by an old man sign language "talk to yourself ... young people today. It's as if they forgot how to talk." The old man gives an anecdote about working in silent movie times and how shy actresses on the stage have become a certain "lion" in front of the camera. Heres in which the movie shows his hand, but the overt reference to the silent movie is the decisive stage, because it coincides with the style of the film (quiet and expressionistic), with content (the young man tries to dare to say and do the things he really wants). Although Alex is thoughtful at the beginning, and at the end the stream of romantic words disappears, he is a shy actor who becomes a lion by enlarging films about his inner feelings that are not easy to break from moment to moment, besides wanting to fall in love. <br /> <br /> In the film there is a scene in which Alex withdraws from the party to the room, where the guests hid their children and children, all cry in the choir that fills the room until he turns the tape with a childish spectacle that stops. Unexpectedly due to a malfunction, the TV ends up playing a secret bathroom camera, which reveals that the housewife is sobbing at each other in a wig about someone he misses. Even when Carax is self-reflective and self-gathering this kind of depression stories he tries to narrate (a room full of whining babies), he is mature enough to see the initial irony for lovelorn in all movie crosses. Even the rich old bell has a brother he misses. In another scene, the former astronaut stares at the moon in which he once walked in his youth, sipping a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Although he is grateful to the movies in front of the gadgets, Carax is a master of music, knowing when to smoke in "Holiday in Cambodia" The Dead Kennedy, or the early song of David Bowie, the sounds of a man playing the piano or a girl crooning softly. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone gets a broken heart we see blood pouring from their shirt, when the couple kisses on the pavement, they rotate 360 ​​degrees, as if fastened to the carousel, when Alex enters the party and I feel out of place because the most interesting people in the world really are in attendance; like a famous author who can not speak because of a bullet in the brain or a 1950 universe miss standing in front of an astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondrym and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic swirls and bizarre whimsical stories have something to do with the various visual, musical and emotional hints in these Carax films. <br /> <br /> Every dialogue line, every piece of music and every effect, and editing in this movie have been in harmony with me on a certain emotional level, some lacking words for articulation. There are many stories about a boy who meets a girl, but instead of exploring the trivial details of each event, this film captures the ecstatic truth about youthful passion and disappointment. Other movies you want to watch can wait. See it first. If I were to make films, I would like them to be such, in fact I would like all films to be where the fleeting becomes larger than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
