WWE has produced some of the worst results in its history in the last few months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were at least scary and that's why they relied on their B show, Smackdown! attempt to end the year at a high level. Armageddon had two main matches in Last Ride and Inferno, three championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the form of team war against Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those Championship matches that brought us not only the match of the night, but also the match of the candidate year, when Teddy Long gave us fans an early Christmas gift. T-Lo changed the match of the WWE Tag Team Championship with Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor on a four-team Ladder game, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on it, they fit too much, because nothing I can say would be able to do it justice. You have to believe it. There were many high places and many more violent strikes and awkward landings. The only move I need to talk about is the one that brought Joey Mercury straight to the reception room in the middle of the competition. Jeff Hardy hopped on a ladder set in the saw position, and Matt Hardy held both MNM members over the opposite end to take full strength. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not raise his hands to protect his face and took the ladder with full force in the nose and left eye. It was cruel. His face was immediately a mess, so everyone could see him, and no wonder it ended Mercury last night. We learned later that he suffered a broken nose and cut himself under the left eye. Be warned. This is not for weak hearts. The end of the match queue took place after Paul London managed to get both championship belts for victory. I've been watching supplies for almost 15 years and there is nothing better than this match. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night opened in the fourth Inferno match. Kane accepted MVP in a good match, but it was about visual and not action. Both players had some close conversations with flames, but in the end Kane forced MVP into the fire after both of them were out of the ring. MVP was running around in the ring while his butt was burning, and the sick part of me was laughing, watching it. Can I suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP will be coming out next week at Smackdown! to the Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash. <br /> <br /> The second catch match this evening, and the second match of the triple main tournament was the match between the last war between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. It was a stiff match from beginning to end and was the best in the Undertaker and Kennedy series. Columns, chairs and one scene were used by The Undertaker thrown 15 feet from Armageddon for what was supposed to be a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was obvious that it was nothing but an impact mat, and the crowd did not fire. The ending followed the death man through The Dead Man to Kennedy on the top of the caravan, followed by the award-winning tombstone. <br /> <br /> In another noteworthy card event. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by surrendering in the next stiff match. It was a very good duel with Benoit striking eight German supravets on Chavo at once. Benoit also wondered whether to put Vikki Guerrero in the sharpshooter or not. Fortunately, he came to his senses and let her go. This led to the fact that Chavo tried to fight only to be subjected to firing fire. <br /> <br /> Another match on the card was the Cruiserweight Championship between the longest reigning champion in WWE, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. Having many high and dangerous places, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a match much more deserving of the reaction of the crowd than what he got. JBL put it best when he criticized the fans in Richmond, Virginia, for sitting on their hands during this one and even at some point they started boring singing. Helms raised the prince after a jawbreaker maneuver with his knees to Smackdowns! redneck resident. <br /> <br /> Boogeyman pinned Miz in a worthless match. I hate Boogeyman with passion. It is also worth listening for JBL's announcement about Miz. JBL is a comedy gold. <br /> <br /> The last match of the night was the main event number 3. World Heavyweight Champion, Batista and WWE Champion, John Cena joined forces to face Finlay and the Champion Champion, King Booker. In no way was the match able to win the Tag Team Championship match from an earlier match, but it was still fun. The match would have been more memorable if it was given an extra five to ten minutes, but how many times have I talked about WWE matches this year? It was King Booker who was pinned at the end of the match after the great Batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So 2006 ended for WWE with respect to the pay-per-view schedule. It started the year with a terrible note of the New Year's revolution, but ended up high with Armageddon. This Ladder game will be remembered for a long time as one of the biggest ladder games of all time. My hat is designed for all eight players who, in addition to their bodies on the line, gave the fans one damn match.
