What happens when the average Joe discovers that he has supernatural powers? The assumption may sound familiar. The guards? Indestructible? However, the Russian science-fiction action, The Sword Bearer, is far from the standard action. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha who, as a boy, was rejected from society, his peers and family because of the supernatural power he possesses. When he wants or his anger allows it, the sword is pulled out of his hand, piercing his own skin. Very Wolverine? Maybe ... but this is not an interesting part of this movie. Rejected all his life and driven by anger (and the temperament he has), our "hero" returns to his hometown to turn his life or find a reason. The only thing he encounters here is the trouble when meeting a new boyfriend of an old flame leaves him bleeding on the ground. At this moment, revenge and anger arise. He is a man you do not want to cross and from that moment the mafia and the police are on his tail. He meets a girl and falls in love immediately, just like she is, and it really is about the movie. <br /> <br /> The film is very impressionistic with bold colors and noir undertones combined with short but extreme sequences of actions. It is a house of art in its core, beautifully shot with such attention to detail in every scene than macabre sci-fi action. This is the strange mash that interests me so much in this movie. The director's approach to this genre is refreshing, focusing on Sasha's emotional journey, not a simple action movie. Do not worry, however, the action is and much. However, many of these sequences only show alleged violence with pictures of terrifying consequences. This does not mean that the action is not shown. These scenes are here and they are fantastic (especially the ending in which we see Sasha's full strength unleashed in desperation). The director decides to imply the violence of many scenes to focus on the emotional fight of the character. This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry to the genre.
