WELL. I admit. I'm one of those suckers who spent hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV watching science fiction show. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space date and since then I've regularly changed partners. I think I've seen them all, and my favorites are «Lexx», «Farscape» and the new «Battlestar Galactica», in other words: the latest, the most modern space opera. But I also have general sympathy for these old-fashioned, cheap ones, such as the wonderful four-season BBC series «Blakes7». Budgets are smaller here than hobbits, special effects seem to be created on Commodore 64, but who cares if the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, acting seriously and sometimes even high-class acting? > <br /> But why do they always speak English in the cosmic future? Because it is NOT the future, it is a fantasy for children. Even so, it can sometimes be annoying. As a Norwegian, I have often condemned the frightening fact that there is never a genre series, like science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought that it could happen. But indeed, once, even in my homeland, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (television theater section) of our national public service public channel Nrk produced three episodes of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I heard about it for the first time, he was not surprised by the fact that until today the show was shown only once in Norway, which makes it impossible for me to see it. He also appeared in Swedish, Danish and Finnish television at the time, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release nor a surprise, and when it was shown in the cinema of the art house, it happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). And one more fact about the "Blindpassasjer" which did not surprise me that it was written by two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo basically introduced the SciFi genre to Norwegians in the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called fairytale prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers and wrote some wonderful and funny novels, even masterpieces, even funny ones, such as «Bazar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». No one except the guy, also a well-known playwright, was able to construct the "Blindpassasjer" script. <br /> <br /> When I finally could see it, it's because the strange turnip has recorded three episodes on a 80's video recorder, and finally it was able to turn it into a DVD and give it to me. He was a nice guy. So I sat down and watched him, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and a few scratches and errors; but this thing went through and I was surprised that I finally loved her. <br /> <br /> External scenes with spaceships and planets are better than those at Blakes7, and the merit is the Caprino studios (which they made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the interior of Marco Polo (spacecraft) works better than I expected. Acting is usually theatrical, but works better than mildly speaking, playing Ibsen, and Bjørn Floberg performs his role firmly, just like Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Moan presents her lines in a serious and laid back tone that fits the genre, but it's a team game and I'm happy that Ola B. Johannesen wears his mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbye is a really hot array of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really good? Well, you have to swallow rather a sudden ending, pretentious criticism of "modern society", but yes, it is not really really fantastic, but cute, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. One and a half hours of classic Norwegian SciFi.
