Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a great little thriller that also analyzes the lives of "strangers", people living on the periphery of our vision who are struggling with the need to "fit". Director Jacques Audiard and co-writer Tonino Benacquista created a tight, tight, totally entertaining thriller that contains several significant statements about norms and individuals. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is an ordinary Jane, mostly deaf, thirty unnoticed secretary for a company whose life is social and sexual isolation and whose view of the future is rather gloomy. Go to Paul (Vincent Cassel), a recently released ex-con parolee, who responds to the announcement to become Carla's assistant. At the first meeting, physical disgust reigns: Carla hoped for a well-groomed, distinguished man who could fulfill her fantasies, and Paul is a rough, neglected, miserable guy who is not impressed by being an official. Their concepts change quite quickly when Paul rescues Carla's work, fulfilling her request to steal a letter that would cost her her job, and Paul discovers Carla's reading ability, which he sees as a way to spy on criminals from his past who threaten his life with Long. So this strange couple of people joins forces and together enters a dangerous trick filled with tension to gain Paul's safety and freedom. The relationship is full of twists and turns, and each of these unlikely heroes plays roles in life that surprises in the walls of isolation in a surprising way. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel provide daring performances and the rest of the cast is uniformly strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat produced a musical score that increases the tension, and the operator Mathieu Vadepied finds the right lighting and angles to suggest the worlds of isolation of heroes, as well as Hitchcock's sense of tension. The director of Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transforming history: it shows us the difference between "hearing" the world with hearing aids and without them, and by doing so creates powerful social comments. This is a great movie that remains in the ranks of the best French noir genres. Recommended. Grady Harp
