Pixar has been a huge success over the years thanks to the CGI animated full-length animated films that they created. "A Bug's Life" is the second of a whole range of features that have been done so far, preceded by a full-length debut of the company, a landmark "Toy Story", which was the first full-length CGI film. I remember when this observation was heavily advertised during its release in the late 1990s, but I never saw it until November 2006. I watched it twice this month, and over three years later I saw it as the third time. I've never been more impressed with it than any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three installments I still think it's better than some of the movies I've seen with DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is the home of an ant colony. These ants are forced to collect food for a bunch of grasshoppers that come and take them every year. One of the members of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation due to problems with his inventions, although he does not want to do it. One year, when the colony had just finished preparing an annual offer, Flik accidentally knocked him to the stream just before the arrival of grasshoppers to get him! The leader of the grasshoppers, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to gather food and prepare it for the rest of the season, but they will have to double their offer! Flik suggests to the royal colony council that he is walking and finding "warlike worms" that are to fight with grasshoppers when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, allows him to go on this mission so as not to get in trouble while the colony tries to collect food for another offer. The inventor finds a group of errors that he believes are warriors, but when he takes them back to Ant Island and presents them, he learns that they are not really warriors, but circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar function has never surprised me can be characters. For me, none of them has ever stood out as much as they could, and generally seems a little bland. Fortunately, however, this is not a "Shark Tale", a movie with a very idiotic and unlikely heroine. "A Bug's Life" has a rather nice main character, which viewers can use. History seems sometimes a bit bland, but most are good enough to make the movie at least moderately funny, and sometimes have some good tension, especially later. Humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could be, but there are definitely funny moments, some of them relate to Franciszek, a male ladybird who is sometimes confused with a woman. You can always expect great animation from Pixar, and the animation including their special effort is no exception. The whole movie can be a bit disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it's a sensible entertainment for the whole family.
