Watching A Bug's Life for the first time in a long time, I could not resist the comparison with last year's Happy Feet. When it comes to the main story, they are very similar, the outcast does what he can to fit in and at the same time he tries to be special. This only shows how much better the film would be without its liberal conclusion. Many people disagree with me when I say I really like the second effort of Pixar. Of course, it's not possible to capture the splendor of Toy Story or the animations of this world. However, the story is at the highest level, and the characters are great to spend time. With lots of laughter and a moral center, I could watch this movie just like other classics in the studio. <br /> <br /> There is much to find strength from within to overcome all odds here. Between our leading Flick, who must maintain his self-esteem to save his colony, the colony must open its eyes to a new way of life for the future, and circus bugs that discover that they are more than just unreasonable freaks, everyone at the end of history evolves into a better error. Even the Hopper villain is fully muscled and threatening for the right reasons. He does not do it to be vile, but instead understands the fact that ants outnumber him with 100 to 1. He needs them to be afraid of him, so that they do not have to worry about learning the truth. It is a circle of life, but not one that can not evolve with the ages. <br /> <br /> Thinking about animation, it's pretty good. In comparison with Antzem, a competing film of those times, it is much more realistic and less cardboard. The water is nicely made, just like the leaves. You do not have to look any further than the eyes of ants to see how many details came into production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth outer surface, show realism. All errors are also precisely made. Flies in the city and a crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants are never overlooked, whether for a small role or for a more extensive one. Also in the city, we can see the quality of workmanship in environments. While Ant Island is cool, it's just outside. Bug City has a lot of garbage doubling up as buildings and clubs. It's a great show of humor and ingenuity to see what animators have used for everything. From ice cube trays, circus racks, animal crate crates as circus wagons, to a complete nutritional guide on the side, and a crazy compilation of boxes to create Times Square billboards and facades, everything is done right. /> <br /> When it comes to humor, you need to recognize your acting talent for great performance and inspiring role choices. No one could have made a poorer male ladybird better than Dennis Leary with his horrible wit. I dare to think about someone better. Our leaders are also great, and Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the film, but also takes a central place in the newspapers. Yes, A Bug's Life was the creator of Pixar's animated results, a tradition that continues. With many humorous jokes about errors that can be found throughout the text, you also have to give props to a huge cast. Full of "these actors", people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft as the Heimlich worm bring the biggest laughs. <br /> <br /> In general, it can be the simplest story brought on a Pixar screen that has been repeatedly narrated in one form or another for years, but is sufficiently inspired and fresh enough to provide a pleasant experience. There are joyful moments, sad times and even full of action scenes of tension with birds coming to play. Complete with some of my favorite Pixar, Tuck and Roll characters, there are not many bad things that I can think of.
