I have recently watched many films by Tom Hanks and Chaplin's old films, and even some early performances of Beon and Rowan Atkinson, and it seems that all of them have their own unique charm that permeates their work, allowing them to identify with audiences of all ages. in a way that makes you feel good. Life Bug has the same charm, has a connection with real life, which allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept many talking insects, because despite the fact that they speak, they still work like real errors. It's like a band that made the movie a way to put us into the child's mind and let us think like them, imagine mistakes like the young mind does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I cramped The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger and for me A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of this movie, if only because the animation is so breathtaking, and this style of story simply opens up so many more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it to something like Toy Story (which, I believe, is the best computer-animated movie ever made), because the story A Bug's Life is not as good as Toy Story, but on the other hand, almost nothing is. The important thing is that it is still great fun. <br /> <br /> The story relates to a colony of hard-working worms that have an impressively developed society, mainly focused on building food collections, most of which will end up in the tyranny of grasshoppers, much better in terms of strength and general malice, and hopefully there will be enough left for the worms to survive the winter. We are being treated for some field grasshopper visits that explain that if the worms provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be tragic. And by the way, the similarities between this paralyzing level of food extraction are strikingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's insidious food from his own people during the "Great Jump?" <br /> <br /> Fun and excitement starts when the main character Flik sets off on a trip to find a gang of appropriate warrior bugs to return and help defend the colonies against grasshoppers. You see, he shed all the food he collected and put everyone out to great danger, so he feels it's his responsibility, but he accidentally ends up employing a fighting group of circus artists. Great for the public, not so good for the safety of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late 90s, when it seemed that many movies were popping up in twos, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and Arrival, Bug and Antz life, etc. Comparison between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems obvious to me that A Bug's Life is definitely the best film, and not only because it does not play Woody Allen stuttering and groaning through the main role. It's great family fun!
