Such a joyful world was created for us in Pixar's "A Bug's Life"; we immerse ourselves in the universe, which can be documented only in the film, more precisely in the universe, which can be documented only in the world of animation. For those who have forgotten, what can the abundant and lively animation of the world offer? when it is in the right hands, does it mean? The Bug's life is a warm reminder. We leave the movie with an equally warm feeling and a sense of satisfaction derived only from high-quality film productions. <br /> <br /> This is just the second animated Pixar function. The Disney subgroup made its debut in a spectacular debut and perhaps a completely unintentional sign in the film world three years earlier, in 1995, along with its groundbreaking Toy Story. It was a film that opposed the convention, reinvented it and breathed new life into animation and defined a completely new level of perfection. Now they are coming back with their second project, which, to be honest, draws a creeping sense of cynicism in us before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> After all, it's a movie about ants. Well, all walks in the world of insects and insects are described in A Bug's Life, but this ant is the focal point of this movie, because people are the focal point of dramas, romances and so on. How can such an insignificant animal species, like an ant, play the role of a movie hero, let alone provide the whole premise of a feature film? They are certainly joking. We forget, however, that in Toy Story, several items from toy boxes became the greatest, most inspiring and nice group of animated heroes and villains ever invented. Pixar guys are able to do the same feat and manage to turn some dirty and tiny bugs into the most endearing and enjoyable vermin gang that you will probably never encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only are everyone totally friendly and sympathetic? you can not see an unpleasant form; even villains are riveting characters? but they are colorful, eclectic and idiosyncratic. A number of characters is also enormous due to the lack of a better description, adding only rich layers of separateness, which from the very beginning were stuck to the "Bug Life". We will start with our main character and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is rather general. Of the thousands of faithful and obedient worker ants on the lush, beautiful island of Ant, he is considered the "black sheep" of the clan, as seen in the first moments of the film, when he accidentally destroys the harvest season of his antics. <br /> <br /> The problem is that the harvest of ants is intended for a group of greedy grasshoppers led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey) who want to continue to anger and autocracy among the small ants; when they appear on Ant Island for an annual banquet and see that their victim has gone, they are crazy, for lack of a better description. Hopper proposes to save the ants from total extinction in the hands of his pack; but it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to fulfill. The teeth and the clock mechanism in Flik's mind are now in full swing, despite his guilt and shame, and he proposes to leave the island of Ant in search of powerful warriors who can come to the rescue of the colony and repel Hopper and the grasshoppers. > <br /> If you think about it, A Bug's Life resembles the story of the classic Seven Samurai by Akira Kurosawa or the American remake of The Magnificent Seven, in which the village of unfortunate but good people is in danger. by hostile and wicked enemies? one lonely resident of the village is looking for help in a big city, finds him and returns to the colony to push back the evil. In A Bug's Life help comes in the form of an abandoned circus group, which is mistakenly perceived by Flik as a fighter in a bar fight. <br /> <br /> From these scenes comes a lot of entertainment and a lot of entertainment comes from the errors of the corpse band. Among them is an erudite, stick insect (David Hyde Pierce), a splitting German caterpillar named Heimlich and a queer-femme fatale ladybird, which is actually a fragile and male ladybird (Dennis Hopper). It is very nice to watch these errors on the screen because they watch bugs and the insects interact on the screen, just like the whole movie together. <br /> <br /> As I said, lots of fun and joy comes from their characters and joyful interactions that give way to a lot of funny lines, wonderfully tense and thrilling situations and an overall dazzling movie. What makes A Bug's Life even better is that the movie is not limited to children, how many people can perceive it, although children will actually find more entertainment from this movie? stereotypical child-friendly situations are slightly more abundant than we would like. However, it is easy to ignore this mistake and it is extremely easy to enjoy this movie. <br /> <br /> Although A Bug's Life may not achieve the staggering and groundbreaking standards set by its predecessor, it is still a great movie, and the beginning of something promising here. Pixar proved that it is not just one hit, but rather a talented and talented group of film artists in Hollywood. They raise the bar indefinitely, and when someone always manages to reach their standards, he is always alone. What else can be said about the Bug Life beyond: see it; This is not the best we've seen in people in Emeryville, California, but it's going through the whole year? and I will be cursed if it is not the best animated film from 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
