(originally the answer for the reviewer of the film, who said that A Bug's Life was too much, too fast - he was "stunned and exhausted" by visuals and seemed to ignore the whole story) <br /> <br /> Okay, first of all, I have 26 years old, I have a job, I go to school and I have a fiance. " So maybe I'm crazy and I'm really hiding it ... but not only did NOT give up the Bug Life exhausted or stunned, but only when I saw it a second time, I could even really appreciate the artistry and humor of spectacular visualizations - because for the first time I went to see this movie, I was so absorbed in the history and heroes that I FORGOT that I had to sit there "delighted" by each frame visually. How can you not get into Flik's life and his life in a walk with good intentions? "Heck" indeed, I discovered that I identify with this little ant (not to mention some other errors) in many other ways ... and that in itself tells more about how amazing the movie is than the whole book on its beautiful candy. Of course, it is beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not only a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling explosion of movement and color. No, the Bug's life would be static if all this and no history. But I'm glad I can say that no! The Bug's life has a real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on, both in terms of plot and visually, but that's because history and characters have a bit of depth for them! Just because it's a children's movie does not mean you have to turn off the brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the PIXAR crew did it for themselves, even before their children ... and shows in the amount of heart. This film is moving, touching, funny, intriguing and generally addictive. Character development in such a cast of the band is amazing, there is a significant increase in the character, not just the main character - so rare in animation and often in movies in general. You do not hit your head with your points when you do it - every scene, every frame has a reason in the story that it is there, and there are no free photos. Not always expressing what is happening in words means subtlety for me; That means you do not "stupid" your movie and assuming that the audience is stupid, which is mostly not. I can only think that if you see A Bug's Life and you feel nothing, you never made a big mistake, you hurt your friends, you were in love, in love, you were frustrated, no one would listen to you lied to someone you care for, you felt uncomfortable sociable, excited about the new idea, you came up with a great idea if what you thought was a great idea had the opposite effect. pressure of responsibility, stood in defense of himself and his relatives, stood alone against the crowd, he felt like a failure, he felt like a great success, he felt the need to change his life in the lives of others ... well, you get a point. Last words: A + rating from me; Please, if you want to see it, try to see it in the theater (moving and scanning the video will NOT work in this movie); if you loved Toy Story, you'll probably love it (PIXAR knows how to make movies with your heart); if you love him, see him many times or STILL will not know what is missing (the amount of detail and subtlety is significant here); And whenever you feel really low, just pretend to be a seed, okay?
