In the film "Brokedown Palace" directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate high school on a trip to Hawaii, but it's heard that Bangkok, Thailand have more fun. They changed their plans and decided to go to Thailand without informing their parents about the change of plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really handsome guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them that he would exchange his first-class ticket to Hong Kong for three economy tickets so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and were arrested for drug trafficking after entering the airport. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think that Kaplan tried to show the audience that it is wise to make good decisions, because in one case one bad decision can change the direction of life forever. A friendly face may not be as friendly as we think when we discover the true intentions of this friendly face. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they changed their plans and changed their lives forever. This is happening in a fun way, showing us what decision we took in the verse of the decision that we should take. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great setting; was filmed mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This movie also has great music; a few of my favorite songs are "Silence" Delerium, "Damaged" Plumb, "Deliver me" Sarah Bightman and "Party's just Begun" by Nelly Furtado. After watching this movie, I left and bought a soundtrack. These girls who are young and naïve and could not think carefully about their plans, a mistake that anyone could make, that's why this movie is good for any audience. It does not matter if he is young or old - we are all human and we are fraught with errors. Even so, I did not like the way this movie ended, leaving me to the question - who really smuggled drugs? - I would definitely give the film two thumbs up.
