We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there really are only one or two people with whom you feel really close, the people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see it from the beginning. Together, they graduated from college, go to parties together and go to Bangkok together when they were to go to Hawaii. They are also caught for trying to smuggle drugs into a third world country and that means disaster. The rest of the movie is about survival and not giving up hope. He also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean for someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it's not perfect, and that's because of a few issues I want to talk about. But first I want to say what's good in the movie. And for starters, acting is at the highest level and you can not look any further than two wires. The Danes and Beckinsals are perfect for the roles they have. Alice is always fiery and seems a bit rough on the edges, but it seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes this game can get her into trouble. Darlene is always a bit conservative, and although it can sometimes be annoying, it would be better for two girls to follow her path instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is suitable as an American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is also very well photographed. The interior of the prison is not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers, or Return To Paradice, but it shows the hopeless (but underdeveloped) hopelessness of the situation in which they are. Johann Kaplan's direction is also quite good. We see two girls struggling to survive each day, but you can see that their spirit is spent a little more each day. Brokedown Palace is perfect when it talks about friendship and shows how they have to rely on each other to survive. Another thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack to the movie. Strengthens and compliments the mood of the film to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie, and when you play, you feel the fate of women in this prison. You can feel how lonely people must feel and how desperate they are to get out and return to simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and you realize how lucky we are to live in the society that we do. It is easy compared to some countries and we think that music is the perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. Part of the music is done by a group called Delirium (I think), but it's Sara McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you write her name?), Which makes lyrics and her voice is beautiful and haunted, and adds so much to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I did not like about the film is the stupidity girls show. I will not say what they do, but when you see it, you'll know what I'm talking about. Besides, I did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looked more like a prison with minimal security, and perhaps because in similar films in other films where men love each other in a foreign country, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not understand it here. <br /> <br /> Generally, it's a great movie and really makes you ask, "How far would you go to a friend?" It's a difficult question and maybe one that none of us can honestly answer until will be in the same situation. Let's hope it will never happen.
