I saw this film a million years ago (exactly 5 years) ago for the first time. In the light of recent events with the Australian woman Schapelle Corby imprisoned in Indonesia for so-called A smuggling pot, I decided to watch this movie again. The exception was to cry with my heart, because I am a sucker for hot girls in need (just read my review of the "Laurie Show persecution"). Some moisture escaped my eyes, but it was not a bucket filled with tears. Why? Not because the two characters were not completely adoring and helpless, not because the film was not painful at the sight of these two children in their prime, locked in almost inhuman conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I rent a movie, except that I'm moving, I'm sobbing when there is no tomorrow, I feel unhappy and I like it. This movie was just too short to do it. It was as if the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot and during this process the psychological aspect was rejected. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did a great job of showing the emotions of two friends, but this movie just screamed for more pictures of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) environment. For some reason, there is a lack of mental travel here. You can see only the most important moments (I admit that they are very touching), probably due to poor editing. Sometimes I felt that these girls are walking after the postcard. Relationships with family members could also be a bit more noticeable. What's up in the relationship between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You see it, but the movie does not give a full picture, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it was a great movie, and at the end I even had to bite my lip. But I think that it has more to do with the acting (and appearance) skills of actresses (and music), and then with the director's merits. Honestly, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before I watched the movie again. I am a fan now! A great movie, if you do not expect it to be a classic cinema.
