If you're looking for the ultimate life story of boxer James Corbett, it's probably not a movie for you. The famous boxer gets "Hollywood" from the 1940s, making history much more entertaining and entertaining than real life. However, because the performances were so good (especially Errola Flynn) and the scenario so nice, the beautification of the movie can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays a boxer from the gay period of the nineties James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett- a man who became world boxing champion in 1892. The film begins with his humble beginnings and continues his career, winning the match for the title with John L. Sullivan. However, although it could focus mainly on matches, most of them are rather short in the film (with the exception of the final match for the title) and the emphasis is on Corbett's brilliant personality, as well as his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film there is an excellent supporting work done by a cast of great supporting actors (such as an eternal supporting actor in Flynn's movies, Alan Hale), and writing has really helped revive those people. <br /> <br /> Which is especially nice because the Flynn athlete is a boxer. While several shots are double, almost all boxing scenes come from Flynn and he made a convincing job as a pugilist. It was a nice trip for Flynn, who generally played the roles of "cute boy" or swashbuckler, and this shows how difficult the character was. To learn more about it, try to read his biography - he was quite a rough character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> When it comes to James Corbett's REAL, read on, if you are not afraid to know how the movie is not accurate. First, Corbett was NOT a poor guy from a poor family, but he was educated and savvy. Second, while he took Alexis Smith at the end of the movie, they divorced a few years later. Third, the wonderfully touching final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the movie, Sullivan was a jerk and it could never happen - in fact Sullivan was more an egomaniac, and Corbett was not the fat guy they introduced in the film - although it was a beautiful movie.
