Loosely based on James J Corbett's biography, "The Roar Of The Crowd", Gentleman Jim is a wonderfully airy image that perfectly captures not only the formation of the pugilist dancer Corbett, but also the wind of change in boxing sport around the 1890s. <br /> <br /> The story tells about Corbett {perfectly planted Errol Flynn} from his humble beginnings as the bank cashier in San Fransico, to the accidental fight with the former boxing champion who eventually leads him to fight the fearsome world heavyweight champion John L Sullivan (beef personified charmingly by Ward Bond). Not all fights are fought in the ring, and all of this is a vignette in Corbett's life, which makes it a great entertainment image. There are class problems that must be overcome (perfectly played when other club members pay to topple a peg or two), and Corbett must not only fight for the respect of his so-called peers, but must also overcome his ego as it grows as fast as it's his reputation. Along with the wonderful Corbett family and all their stoic, humorous support, Corbett's journey is as fascinating as joyful but equally bold and bold as he is, he is a very nice character and is a character that matches the nickname they got from Gentleman Jim . <br /> <br /> The film never collapses even for a moment, and is a testament to director Raoul Walsh, who although we are looking forward to the final fight, the sounds of the outer ring keep us entertaining, even the subordinate love interest does not hurt this photos {thank you Alexis Smith}. The combat sequences are very good and they perfectly show how Corbett became a champion and his brand of dancing rings around fighting sluggers is now firmly embedded in the history of boxing. When the last rolls roll up to the ground, Sullivan's meeting with Corbett after the fight puts the whole context in context, and it is here that humbleness and humbleness become a direct winner, and as for the viewer ... .......... I will do it for me for sure, 9/10 for a really great picture.
