Flynn, known mainly for swashbuckling roles (and his antics in the bedroom!), Takes on a different meaning than this movie and works beautifully. Playing with real boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flynn turns on a blast of charm, moving from a choked San Francisco banker to a well-known pugilist, while focusing on Deb Smith's society. He and the best buddy Carson take part in an illegal fight with a naked knuckle and are arrested along with dozens of other men (and a dog!), Including an outstanding judge. The next day, he has the chance, via Smith, to get into the private referee club. He uses this opportunity to pave his way to the favor of his exclusive members and land as a club boxer. His extraordinary ability in this sport quickly brings him to victory over everyone, including the world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.). Flynn is almost magical here. It is the epitome of charm, charisma and attractiveness in this role. It looks great (especially on the scene of a hangover with disheveled hair and white coveralls) and performs practically all of its stunts (impressive!). Its delivery of the line is delicious, and he is credible and sympathetic, yet two-faced and rude. Smith exudes class and taste from every season and fits well with Flynn. At this stage he needed a female costar who would be able to face his advancements and reputation (at the time he was subject to statutory accusations of rape), and she does it perfectly. It is repelled by its freshness and bachelor attitude, but it can not help but falls into its charming spell. Bond is incredibly robust, robust and mountainous, yet responsive when the script requires it. Funny support is provided by young and impulsive Carson. Frawley is his reliable racket, Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including Flynn's brave family and the assortment of the stifling Nob Hill types. The whole is beautifully furnished and safely directed. A few sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses adhere to a flashy color, but it fits very well with "upswept" hairstyles. It is a great look at the earliest days of the championship boxing, but it is also much more. Some of them (like character traits shown by Flynn) are improved or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many of them are authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in battle scenes). One line is particularly memorable: "I believe you like me more than I like you, but it is quite possible that I love you more than me. This is a classic romantic dialogue (there are also more than a few zinger in the script).
