James Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point for this vivid and well-remembered fictionalized biography. The author was a heavyweight champion, replacing John L. Sullivan, before the turn of the century. The events of the narrative present Corbett as a bold but sympathetic and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudices in his time, when he was considered only a son of Irish immigrants, a modest banker and nobody surprised everyone. A few hours of exciting and often funny screen took him to prove that his companions were wrong. It is a cashier when the film opens, but in some way turns the invitation to a sports club for the prosperous. He falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl, with whom he always quarrels, and lives at home with an adventurous Corbett clan who seem to fight each other as often as with others. When he defeats the best club and professional warriors' district to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. he sets out on a journey with his friend, who is the manager and trainer, and despite several failures, he wins all attacks and draws attention. Returning home to chase his girlfriend again, he tries to annoy the Boston Boy, the mighty John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars and claims that he can "lick every man in the world." Few believe he can win the fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" for his gracious manners and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of reach and denying Sullivan's might. The best movie scene can come when the beaten Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new master rises to the point, says Sullivan a few years earlier, before it could be otherwise, and shows him only admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend as a result of two performances, but at the end of the movie, when they visit their parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "Corbetty are on it again." The films are attractive and have a consistent style, but they are not flashy. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickox took pictures, with scenery decorations by Clarence Steensen and directed by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld made the music, and Milo Anderson is the gown. The film was directed by Raoul Walsh, an action film specialist. Flynn also liked working with Walsh, but he did not care for the second director for whom he worked, Michael Curtiz. Among the cast were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, beautiful Alexis Smith, slightly uneven, but intelligent, like the girl Corbett loves and the very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man who liked the game - later he said it was his favorite role from this period ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale his charismatic father, John Loder a wealthy enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurkas together for pleasant handling. It is hard to say enough about the logic and carefree joy of the creators of this film; is one of the most liked of all films about sports biography, and according to my standards is also one of the most pleasant.
