After erasing my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is the feeling that I can now conquer this review for the complex French drama "Read My Lips". After writing over five hundred reviews, I have never found myself in such a loss of words as in the case of the subtle but inspiring love story of director Jacques Audiard. Thought was spilled on what was loved and hated in this film, and although "love" was overwhelmed, the elements that were hated led to further debate in my mind. "Read my lips" is a drama. More specifically, it is a drama driven by heroes, who combines social uncertainty with criminal masters with the stagnation of everyday office work. Here's where this review begins to fall apart, are all of these items? but it is much more, much more. As a viewer, you are immediately drawn into the portrait of Emmanuelle Devos by this delicate woman named Carla, whose strength is lost to men in her office as well as to her hearing difficulties. Audiard introduces us sharply into its world by removing the sound from the screen when there is no help, causing immediate anxiety, not only from the heroes of the film, but also from viewers. Without sound, the world remains open to all possibilities, and this is frightening. <br /> <br /> When we watch this difficult and disturbing woman in her life, we are uprooted and have the opportunity to meet Paul (played splendidly by Vincent Cassel), smooth hair, a thin man in a mustache who has just been released from prison , homeless, unemployed and forced by his doctor to parole, to get a job. That's how Carl and Paul meet. There is a moment of immediate, disturbing attraction. The one in which we think he loves him, but he is dark (and here is even more fun)? and where we think she loves her, but she is dark. The constant reversal of the role creates a tone unknown. For whom, as viewers, do we feel the most sympathy? Paul is sleeping in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract with a competing colleague, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read human lips is useful in the case of a change idea for Paul. Continuous jumps back and forth keep you in your chair, waiting for the possibility that some dark light will shine through the dark cave. It's never like that. Audiard can not let this story take place, constantly introducing us to new characters; one as dingy as the next. Even our rock, our solid foundation for the curator is questioned when his wife is missing? a thread for this movie that initially made me angry, but after further debate was the basic finale of this film. However, none of this could have happened without our characters. Devos' formal and homely look is breathtaking when he changes his image for Paweł; the truth about her beauty is discovered. Paul, a wild card in the film, still seems to be using and abusing friends for his last final game. Then, as we assume, Carla takes the last shape. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has amazing actors who win his characters. Cassel and Devos could just play cards all the time, and I was still sitting at the end of my chair. History, probably the weakest part of this film, is random at first. Woven stories seem initially unrelated, but Audiard allows them to gradually connect. Again, the whole segment of the parole officer was tangent, but the latter scene simply strengthened the ends of the funds. I do not try to sound misty, but this complicated (though completely simple) story is difficult to explain. There's a lot going on, but it's up to you to connect the pieces. A favorite scene is the situation in which Carla tries to discover where the money is kept. This use of sound and scenes was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic and it was like watching the mystery that is taking place in front of your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, at first it was an average French movie, which I could easily forget when it ended? It has been proven that I am wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the field for discussion, not only with characters, but also situations. Carla will look on one stage and Paul on the other. When Carla made the discovery in Paul's apartment, I was deeply angry. Audiard introduced real emotions to the screen with his characters and development, and what was lacking in the story? the actors were able to carry. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; This is not a one-off film. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Class: **** with *****
