As you probably know, the topic was to ask eleven directors from around the world to have each short film 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): what can the children of Afghan refugees understand when towers collapse? Like nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): weak plot with great pictures ... Imagine a deaf woman living in the WTC, who does not understand that her dog is barking ... Well, just see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): the greatest creator of oriental films has compassion ... For all: for us a soldier who died ten years ago, for people from Wtc, but also for a Palestinian terrorist-suicide. Maybe a less sensitive film for us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good photos, make us travel for sure ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, a tender and funny story about five boys who want to capture Osama bin Laden ... and they could do it, but nobody believes when they say they know where he is . Ken Loach (Great Britain): On September 11, 1973, Chile entered into a twenty-year bloody dictatorship. Thousands of death, torture: all this was offered to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowledge of this has changed very much in your view! I think this is due to the fact that no American film distribution company has agreed to release the film in our theaters! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year in which the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we all know too well, and lots of black screens. I did not get that much, it was rather the artist's video (to be shown at the exhibition) than the movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc. Around the burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feeling that took place on September 11. Very good. - Sean Penn (us): a funny tale that reminds us of the forgotten fact that the WTC had a huge shadow, and some places now have daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): different. Here, there is no word about the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of World War II. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short movie gives a very deep feeling, but the director apparently would do it better with over 11 minutes. --- yes --- A great movie, a great attempt to take the world's temperature. I love it.
