From the very beginning it was clear that September 11 will inspire as many films as World War II and Vietnam; there is certainly a great danger that most of these films will be just as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is very fortunate that the first international release at 9/11 is not a cheap love story involving a few pretty faces, but a collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I am not going to say that all 11 episodes are great (for example Youssef Chahine has an unnecessary prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura has a really bizarre ending) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura, as the only one not referring directly to the Twin Towers, should open the film, and not finish, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last instead, because it is the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting picture of how other parts of the world react to the fall of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the initial segment of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which Afghan teachers try to explain to her students what happened in New York, unsuccessfully suggest a minute of silence. Or part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which contains a double bin Laden resembling a real one, which you will be shocked to see when you see him, I promise), in which 5 boys take care of good things that can be done with winning Laden. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and very bad) Ken Loach segment about a Chilean man who speaks of what he calls "our Tuesday September 11" - September 11, 1973, when their elected President Allende was killed, and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have become a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad story and shares my appreciation for the best segment from Inarritu (mainly sound sensations and phone calls from kidnapped aircraft to the black screen, sometimes a few photos of people falling from the WTC and finally a failing tower , ending with a screen brightening and one appearing question) and Amos Gitai on a hysterical reporter who is desperately trying to get into the air after the car bomb in Tel Aviv (it's hard to recognize, but this one is a masterpiece of choreography). <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I have not mentioned Claude Lelout about the deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about the Srebrenica Women's show, Mir Nair - strange, but the Indian director has to make this part, which is probably the most attractive for Western tastes - about a Muslim family, whose son is terribly suspect after September 11 and Seanie Pennie at Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower leading the most depressive life you can imagine) create a unique movie that is not easy to watch and difficult to forgetfulness. I am sure that this film will be a classic known to everyone in thirty years. I hope he will be remembered for starting a long tradition of world cinema films. But, unfortunately, it is much more likely that it will be remembered as the only film effort. And as one of the few films made at that time from 9/11, do not reduce this horrible event to a love story with a happy ending to please the audience.
