This intense drama based on characters from 2007 is like a big, juicy piece of steak at Shakespeare's level from a film master who knows how to get his extremely sharp, sharp edges out of his actors. Let's think about the beginning - lonely judge Henry Fonda in "Twelve Angry Men", Katharine Hepburn Mary Marone's "Long Day's Journey Into Night", the conflicting concentration camp Rod Steiger in "The Pawnbroker", the winter lion of William Holden in "The Net", and alcohol lawyer Paul Newman in "The Verdict". The list includes some of the best screen works of the past half century and can be safely added to the ranks of Andy Hanson's desperately controlling Philip Seymour Hoffman. At the age of 83, director Sidney Lumet does not show any signs of eight-figure fatigue, and in fact relishes the melodramatic phrases for the first time, screenwriter Kelly Masterson with a heavily plotted script. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small because it concentrates on moral compromises that divorce the family, in which two brothers desperately seek cash. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamics in his latest film, the strangely nipped "Dream Cassandra", but Lumet is neither tweaked nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inescapable tale of ambiguity and deception. The action revolves around the crime that was supposed to be a victim. Defrauding funds from the real estate company's payroll to satisfy his neglected wife Gina and satisfying the expensive drug habits, Andy, who speaks smoothly, is to be disclosed in the IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother Hank is a mass of post-divorce, dependent on himself insecurities, which fall in his alimony and alimony. <br /> <br /> Andy comes up with a supposedly robust plan to rob his parents' suburban jewelry store, while none of them should be there. The aim was to collect a haul by the brothers and insurance for parents. Murphy's law intervenes in every possible way, starting with Andy pushing Hank to do his own work. After some fraternal inducement, Hank agrees with it, but too scared to do it alone, recruits the reckless busboy who will take care of the robbery. The fate happens one day when Andy and Hanka's mother open the shop, and from there everything goes out of control. Although the technique of "telling stories" is nothing new (for example, "21 grams" by Alejandro González Iñárritu), Masterson's approach works effectively, outlining certain events from many perspectives, so you can understand how each character leads to a repercussion of an unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> Acting is perfect, starting with the thrilling performance of Hoffman as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose cold exterior and inborn amorality mask the layers of resentment against the family. I thought he was great at Tamara Jenkins' The Savages, but he's even better here. Lumet even achieves solid results from the usually unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hanka, saturating him with a massacred weakness that informs him of any unintentional movement. As their father, Albert Finney behaves in a typically late career, but provides the necessary basis for the Oedipal complexity. Marisa Tomei is a wise choice to play Gina, because the actress is economically part of the responsive, vigilant nature of a small but key role. The distinguished theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Aunt Peter Parker in the Spider-Man trilogy) has little time as a mother, like Amy Ryan as the bitter wife of Hanka. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that border with exaggeration, especially because the situation is becoming more and more desperate for the brothers, but the principals bring in such an energetic brio that flourishing becomes forgivable. After the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty", it's refreshing to see Lumet in top form here. The DVD from 2008 offers an extremely informative commentary by Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of whom talk easily and with insight. Together with the original theater trailer, it is also better than the average 24-minute feature film directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Was Made, which contains recordings and excerpts from interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and main actors.
