This is a completely diabolical story about how bad things can go wrong. Simple theft. Make a serious change. Combine our finances and everything will be hunky-dory. But mom and a jewelry store? No problem. Insurance pays for all this. No weapon. Nobody will suffer. Easy money. <br /> <br /> The older, more successful (it seems) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor problems. Addiction to heroin, cocaine habits. Wife (Marisa Tomei) that, well, he does not appear to be performing. It's been a long time ago, flat stomachs. A younger, sweet, slightly subdued younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke) with a few own problems. For the payment of support for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, not entirely delighted with their work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!), Directs and has 99, 99 percent of equity, which is difficult in the thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I remember, and most of the time the director prints a movie and lives with feature holes, unlikely scenes, tacky scenes and the end of rush. Here, Lumet makes the thriller a work of art. Every detail is perfect. Acting is great. The plot has no holes. The story is real and clear and presents a story of human weakness that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hoffman is perfect. When you do not have an awning, a man's leading presence, you must overcome talent, quality and clean concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not a stranger to the sweet, small role of a guy, adds a layer of desperation and too much human incompetence, so that we do not know whether to sympathize with him or throw him away. Albert Finney plays the father of wayward sons with a kind of steel intensity that contradicts his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has the magical qualities of sex appeal, to go hand in hand with her unique creativity, can be both sensitive and hard as nails as Andy's two wives. (But who would blame her?) It's almost a sacrilege of a film reviewer to give a commercial thriller of five or ten stars, but if you study this movie because all aspiring filmmakers should be well done, you'll notice a kind of excessive (most Hollywood-based producers) care about details that makes real art - something that only great artists can do, and can not even help. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers in this movie? Well, maybe a dozen, check the credits.) All I can say in the summary is, Way to go Sydney Lumet, the author of many excellent films, and show such loyalty to his craft and your art at such an advanced age? May we all do half as well. <br /> <br /> Well, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that my father (Albert Finney) could follow the taxis that Andy had taken New York without losing his tail. This is minor, and I would like all thrillers to have such small blips. One can also wonder why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate at the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell to the cutting room floor. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what had been filmed and the time was over, and he simply said, "Leave it. It does not really matter. " And I think it is not. What will happen to Hank will not be good. He is not the type of guy who manages to escape to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He's the type of guy who gets a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves him and goes out of a kind of shrunken human being who knows he was not really a man when he should be. <br /> <br /> See it for Sidney Lumet, one of the best Hollywood, director The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many other.
