Tarantino once mentioned a melodrama from the thirties called Backstreet, that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. The same can be said - and not abolishing the upbringing of Tarantino - for the best work of Sidney Lumet for years, a melodrama in which the character is extremely important, not only because of what is involved with the engaged cast. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of the script (basically turns into a crazy killer mode, ending a series of climactic events that work only to the very end, and even suspending disbelief is the most important), but her script does not convey character before the story, and in the story, in which activities surround the robbery, it is important to know who these people are. He is grim as hell, unforgettable like Satan, but also completely captivating 90% of his time. <br /> <br /> Chalk is not only because Lumet knows how to deal with a non-linear script, in which we see a day before-a-days character actions before, mainly after the attack on the jewelry store "Mama-i-pop", but because of the huge cast (which, I can add, is the specialty of Lumeta). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their own financial adventures, and the former approaches the latter as to what looks like stupid evidence: robbery of his mother and father's jewelry store in Westchester. Hank Hawke, however, is associated with another suspect figure, goes to murder and suddenly it is a tragedy on a Greek scale, affecting the brothers and their father, played by the perfect Albert Finney. This is the type of material that most actors love - characters who, like in Dog Day Afternoon, are painfully human, have a bone defect, but only want love and / or things to be fixed, and have total inability to meet their desires and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, Hoffman and Hawke are perfectly matched; Hoffman has ten minutes of super calm and sometimes playful attitude, which reveals him as the brain of the operation, but then the smaller scenes in which he breaks emotionally (eg with Z Finney or the car scene with Tomea) push his talents to the border; Meanwhile, Hawke is called losing by his ex-wife and daughter, he can not pay his debts at all and is called a child by his own father, and he fills the bill for this part in all important ways is not as flawed as his older brother, but who wants choose a straw for this title? Finney, as I have already mentioned, is in place, making his turn to Big Fish look like a childish game (the last scenes with him are terrifyingly tragic, and his face is reflected in the horror that grew in the second half). <br /> <br /> There are also accompanying phrases from finely ditsy and perversely ambiguous Marisa Tomei, Michael Shannon as a bad ass and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris short, accurate impressions, this is a movie with great skills and a heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that doubles the details not for spectacular plot devices, but to explain every step of the spiral down the family. If it's not as dizzy as Serpico or Network, or Mediator or 12 Angry Men, it's as close as anything Lumet has done since then.
