In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an addicted director of a real estate office, who has misallocated a large sum for his addiction and dear life with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an audit is planned in his department, he desperately looks for money. His younger brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser who owes his daughter three months and is having an affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. On Saturday morning, Andy is plotting her parent's jewelry preview without using a gun, expecting to find an old employee who works and does not hurt parents, because the insurance company will pay back the loss. On Monday morning, we collect the necessary money she needs to cover embezzlement. He invites Hanka to participate because he is very well known in the mall, where there is jewelry and you can recognize him. However, Hank turns yellow and invites a thief to Bobby Lasorde (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal a store, but everything goes wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a substitute for an official, and Bobby brings a hidden weapon. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but is also deadly shot. After Nanette's death, their father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the theft with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you are dead" is a comedy of errors, a plot that reveals the good. Originality and difference lie in the scenario with a non-linear narration à la Pulp Fiction. Eighty-three-year-old Sidney Lumet has another great job and the director's longevity is impressive. Philip Seymour Hoffman is amazing in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels that the world is falling apart mainly because of his insecure and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressively beautiful and sexy, showing her wonderful body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed a bad place. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before the devil knows you are dead")
