The full title of the film is "May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you are dead," rewording the old Irish toast "May you have food and robes, a soft pillow over your head; May you be 40 years in heaven before the devil knows you are dead. The first screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) invented a melodrama that explores how fragmented the family can become when external forces push members to unimaginable extremes. In this film, the viewer is allowed a gradual, but almost total implosion of the family by the often-used, but here very sensible manipulation of flashback / flash forward. Repeatedly offering different views of each character with central incidents that direct this rather shocking story, we see all the players' motives in this case of the robbery very badly. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy director, married to the emotionally in need of Gina (Marisa Tomei) and addicted to the expensive drug habit. His life begins to fall apart and he needs money. Andy's younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke), is a ruined life - he is divorced with his clever wife Marta (Amy Ryan), has arrears in alimony and alimony and borrowed from friends everything he can and he needs money. Andy proposes the robbery of a small mom-and-pop Mall, which promises safe and quick cash for both. The fault lies in the fact that the history of jewelry belongs to the parents of men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy gets some cash out of Hank and fails to agree that Hank will commit a real robbery, but although Hank agrees to a "safe failures" plan, he hires his friend to take over the real job, while Hank plans to become a car escape driver. The attack is terribly bothered when Nanette, filing an application to an ordinary official, shoots a thief and herself is shot in a mess. The catastrophe reveals many secrets about the fragile relationships of the family, and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their partners) are led to catastrophic surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong but emotionally sharp movie gives great performances, and although we expect it from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, this is the wise hand directed by Sidney Lumet, thanks which film is so unforgettable. The film is not easy to watch, but it is a movie that allows for some daring performances that demand our respect, a film that reminds us how fragile families can be. Grady Harp
