I must admit that I had doubts about this movie before I intended to watch it. The main reason is that it was compared to the Hitchcock movie. I saw a few films that were inspired by Hitchcock or that could have been made by the "Master of Suspension" himself, but so far I have not seen any of those films that would be able to stand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a well-known name that is too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand I have to admit that I was intrigued by it because it is a European film. Usually, big Hollywood studios like to abuse Hitchcock's name if it can increase their income. But this film was made in one of the most chauvinistic European countries and I am sure that most of the French would rather die than admit that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie and I have to say that I'm happy that I did it. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my lips", as it is called in English, says the story of a young secretary named Carla. He is a hardworking and loyal employee, but has never been highly appreciated by his colleagues. It has to do with the fact that she has a hard-of-hearing, which prevents her from climbing the hierarchical ladder of the company. But when she is allowed to hire an intern who can work for her, all this has to change. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old and completely unqualified ex-convict. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers him if necessary. He hopes to teach him how a regular life should look like, but at the same time he drags it with him in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still think that the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller - which it is definitely the movie - I will not make any comparisons between the direction of Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard. The fact is that the man did a really good job with this movie. I have not heard about it before, but the truth is that it knows how to build up tension and how to interest you from beginning to end. It also has a lot to do with a very good and original story. I doubt if there is anyone in Hollywood who would come up with the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a powerful role, instead of making her a helpless subject of an abusive husband (you know the typical story of a TV movie). br /> <br /> It is also worth paying attention to acting in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. In their roles there is absolutely nothing wonderful, but both of them did their best in their characters, making them feel very credible and realistic. Paul could have been an average hard guy from prison, and Carla a typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performances you really believe that they are two strong people who have been unlucky in life, but who will make the best use of it this time. <br /> <br /> In all, it is a powerful movie with a very good script and a great actor. Although I had doubts about it, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this movie 8/10. Do not hesitate to try.
