I'm beginning to see a very coherent form in the identity of 2007 films. If 2004 was a year of biography, and 2005 was a year of political films, 2007 can be described as a year with a lot of stories about morality, films that present, test, question and question human morality and the motives that drive us to do certain things. Although this identification is quite broad, I think that this year there were a few films, such as 3:10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men and others that specifically question and investigate human morality and motives, which lead us to such actions as violence or betrayal. Before Devil Knows You're Dead is a cunning style tale of morality and quite dark, grim and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic directors of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who many said he has passed his prime, but returns with full force with this horribly rich criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies whose story is so thick that it is very difficult to enter into details. It is a film that is best enjoyed if it is introduced without prior knowledge of the events to be played because the twists and turns of the action appear. But a thick and richly forged plot is not at the center of the film at all; the real goal is, as I have already mentioned, the story of morality; motives that guide these two men to the actions they do in the movie. In a plot constructed like the combination of filmography The Coen Brothers (namely Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men driven in various dark circumstances to make a fairly simple crime that goes unbelievably, ridiculously bad, and reciprocates with full force and inevitable tragedy. And to make it more interesting, the film is told in a fragmentary chronology that tracks and shows a series of events following another character every time and always ending where it ended last time. The sizzling, sharp, fat and uncertain depressing scenario of Kelly Masterson is surprisingly poignant and well rounded, in particular because it is a debut scenario. <br /> <br /> But the movie has a lot more to do than it is simply a wonderfully sinister and depressing plot. First of all, the picture looks and feels exceptionally good. Sidney Lumet has consistently used an interesting style of cinematography and lighting throughout his entire career: naturalistic and at the same time stylish. The film carries with it a distinctive style and class, with great natural lighting that looks really great. The editing is at the highest level; combining a hot drama and thriller with great long shots that really take time to properly show the action. Vivid, dynamic camera angles and movements further emphasize style. The film is also supported by the fantastically juicy score of Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The script has its role and of course Lumet plays its role, but in the dramatic center of the film there are three masters who deliver incredibly good performances. First of all, there are two wires. The leading character is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been a great actor, but he came across a new leader status after an unnaturally fantastic Oscar-winning performance at Capote. His turn in this film is fascinating: seriously flawed, broken, manic. Hoffman has really intense scenes in the film, which really allow him full drama, not just subtlety and wit. At his side stands Ethan Hawke, who gave fantastic performances in many films, almost always in the shadow of larger, more magnificent actors. Here he bounces off Hoffman and completes it very well; In total, the dynamic game between them is so fantastic and convincing, the audience quickly loses themselves in characters and forgets that they are watching actors. And then there is Albert Finney. Such a flexible, rich supporting role, as required, requires an experienced professional, and here Finney has been performing his best performance for many years as the tragically possessed father of two brothers who are involved in a crime. I love how the dynamics between them takes place. I love the fact that Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly chooses his younger brother, even now that they are middle-aged men; and yet it is clear how Finney's father favors the younger, weaker brother, Hawke. Also about the cast, two supporting female characters? brothers' wives? also fantastic performances of Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose appearance after years is getting better and better. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These topics and this style have already been researched by brothers like Coen Brothers, and it's easy to imagine them directing this film. But in the case of a film that walks with known land, it simply stands out. Lumet uses his huge directorial talent and uses his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for the brilliantly intense and morbidly depressing scenario of Masterson. The main performances are incredibly intense, and the film presents absolutely fantastic corners of Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the biggest miracle of this movie is that three years after capturing an Oscar for lifetime achievement, revered as the highest sign of retirement in the film industry, Sidney Lumet proves that he still has a huge talent to deliver a truly wonderful, resonant, intense piece cinemas reminiscent of its golden years.
