Sydney Lumet has not had a blockbuster for 20 years, and yet in 83 he managed to produce a tight, well-manned, thrilling thriller set in his old place in New York. (How he got the insurance, let alone the budget after all these flaps, is also a secret). The story is quite bleak, and the characters are not particularly nice, but they kept me on the edge of my place up to the last scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with urgent financial problems are plotting to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their older parents. The only victim will be an insurance company. Robbery fails, and two people die. Most of the movie concerns consequences. The action is non-linear and seen from different points of view of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy is the story behind? how did the brothers get into such a mess? There are tips? a younger brother who is a child of the family is a favorite of his fathers, while the older brother seems to carry a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father and vice versa, but that does not mean that he became a murderous heroine using heroin. <br /> <br /> As an intriguing older brother, stout Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the film, he is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his frightened, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney seems to be in a constant state of rage as a father, but then the script requires it. Marisa Tomei as the cheating wife of her older brother at the age of 42 puts on the sexiest performance for many years. The movie literally begins with a bang, but we quickly disappeared from this zone of comfort. <br /> <br /> I do not know the beginnings of this story for the first time, the screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that just like Lumet is a great movie from the 70s. "Dog Day Afternoon" is based on facts? It's too stupid to be untrue. Lumet is almost the last of these extremely versatile directors of former craftsmen who were able to direct almost everything that was before them with great speed. That's how great movies were made, as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of any kind? it's a well crafted piece of entertainment entertainment. It will probably leave you feeling that you were lucky that you do not belong to a family as dysfunctional as this one, but you still wonder how it happened. We know that the parents were happy, but we can see our mother so little and we hear so little about her that it is impossible to establish relationships with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems unnecessary). Well, like Tolstoy, we must say that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
