What an amazing crime thriller !! My wife and I saw it at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was the best film at an extremely strong festival. This is my second favorite movie of all time after DR. STRANGELOVE and I were definitely on an emotional level when I went home and discussed with my wife about the film. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the story, because the thrillers of this caliber are the most-loved without prejudice. The summary I would like to share is the fact that the two brothers played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke plan to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film bounces back and forth in about two weeks (before, during and after the robbery), and one key scene is repeated at least three times. This can usually disrupt the film's dynamics, but this never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, tension and even quality of the game seemed to improve only as the film progressed. At the end I was on the edge of my seat, breathless, waiting to see how it would end. I know I used a few stereotypes in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my place. I should mention that the nonlinear plot is quite easy to follow. This is not a movie that eavesdrops on the audience asking their friend to explain the plot during the movie. <br /> <br /> Acting is absolutely brilliant and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the movie if the casting was not so perfect. The small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but it's a small problem that is easily overlooked. Hoffman was at his best, and some of his scenes with Hawke were positive. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as the father of Hoffman and Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some of the episode scenes were so impressive that I still remember every attention, gesture and facial expression of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The robbery scene seemed more authentic than any other cinema scene of robbery I've ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. Music helped build tension throughout the movie, often the same notes played very effectively. I played music in my head the next day, even when I was in other movies. In addition to my petty complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one turn of action that seemed a bit unbelievable (the main spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is very close to the ideal. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great films at the festival that I liked a second time, but BEFORE THE DIABLE, I KNOW THAT YOU ARE DEAD is in your own league. By the way, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak, and she was a bit shy, so Lumet asked, "Can you believe that someone so beautiful can be so shy?" This comment is quite ironic considering the opening scene of the graphics !!
