Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) struggle to compete for who is bigger and who Daddy (Albert Finney) loves more so they hat out of a sophisticated scheme to rob Mami and Daddy's jewelry so that they can clean their long and start again. It sounds like a great plan, except that it's a 1970s-style melodrama about the robbery of evil, and boy, something really goes wrong for our unfortunate duet and everyone involved. Cunningly invented by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically made by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the devil knows you're dead," he uses the robbery as McGuffin to delve into the family drama. <br/> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he apparently made a deal with the devil to deliver the last great movie. Lumet was a zenith in the 70s with films such as "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite movies of all time "Network". Somehow, he managed to create a movie that bears all the characteristics of his classics, interweaving some of the more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POV films) into a creaking, lively, thin, malicious and provocative melodrama. One can only hope that some of the modern masters (like Scorsese or Spielberg) who appeared in the same decade in which Lumet was at the top of his game will have so much chutzpah when they reach this age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master in guiding people walking through spaces to create tension and develop characters. When the casting throws through the beautifully furnished offices and apartments in Manhattan, its slow-moving camera creates a perceptible concern because we never know who can be around the next corner or what that person can do in the next room. It is also amazing how Lumet uses multiple POVs and changing time frames. The coherent and classic presentation he uses makes similarly structured films by Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu look like amateur hours. <br /> <br /> Of course, what Lumet is the best is directing the amazing cast of the band and deceiving them acting in the whole of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and most likely will never be better than him. A quiet portrait of a father betrayed by Albert Finney and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to watch. Ethan Hawke, usually a nondescript pretty boy, is perfect as an emotionally crippled younger brother who has been riding his charms and looks for too long. However, the coup d'état is a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, incredibly point-like as his pathetic trophy. Lumet leads them through a range of emotions culminating in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden mocked Beatrice Straight straight to the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in the "Network." <br /> <br /> The devil of every great movie is in the details, from the tap of Albert Finney in the trunk of his car, which will not close because of the fender, to the look of Amy Ryan (fresh after the amazing "Gone Baby Gone" bend) gives to her ex-husband Ethan Hawke on his brazen promise to his little girl, that all three know that he will not keep up, systematically unravel the family on skids, to the dialogue begging cultists to quote (my favorite line is fun threatening "Do you mind, if I call you Chico? ") to the perfect result of Carter Burwell. "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" is a movie of the year. If something happens to make the best use of it, we know that several other transactions had to be arranged with the help of Old Scratch.
