French directors are still amazed by the extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of ordinary everyday life in the suburbs. This was evident after the release of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out) at the beginning of 2002, a brilliant study of the form of a mental worker who fell into melancholy after being dismissed from work. Like the love of French filmmakers, many scenes were filmed on real streets and in public places, giving the story a cinematic character, but L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look thanks to the excellent work with the camera and delightful film materials (mainly the Swiss mountain retreat). Starting quite after this masterful film, there appears another impressive French production, the brutal whim of the crime of Jacques Audiard, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). Actually, to mark this movie, the criminal is doing it wrong, because it is much more. As in the earlier French edition, this is a definite study of the character of marginal people who use their reason to overtake a society that has turned its back on them. In Paris's construction company, a shy, petite young woman sitting at her desk, hidden in the part of the office, which is the main path to photocopier machines and toilets. <br/> <br /> Horrible colleagues use the front of Carla's desk to talk and put away half-finished styrofoam cups of coffee. Partially deaf, Carla turns her hearing aids on and off if the noise gets embarrassing, whether in the case of paper copiers or the acute crying of a friend's child. When her boss calls her office to suggest she hires a secretary assistant to help her work, Carla is worried that she might lose her job. At Carl's work office, he lists the specifications he needs for his assistant (preferably a man), as if he was at the Personnel Agency. He should be 25 years old and be clean, with extensive computer skills and archiving. When the agency sends a neglected, dangerous young man, Carla is shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and eat dinner at a local diner, where Carla interviews a potential assistant. When he learns that he just got out of prison, Carla initially does not want to have anything to do with Paul, but changes his heart and employs him. Although she is basically kind to her helper, Carla is now in a position of authority and has a newly discovered sense of power. Paul quickly learns and becomes a talented employee. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live, and even covers him when one day his curator appears in the office, wondering why Paul missed his meeting. During one of the lunch breaks, Carla informs Paul about her hearing loss and reveals the ability to read lips. Later, when a greedy associate blasphemes the project on which Carla is working, furious Carla asks Paul to help him seek revenge on the man. Since then, in Sur mes levres, it has become an increasingly intense crime drama, escalating to some of the most brutal graphic scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. The script borrows elements from Hitchcock, in particular REAR WINDOW, in which Carla's talent for reading lips enters into complete play with binoculars. Between two heroes there is a nagging, again and again sexual attraction, culminating in a rather strange tribute to NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works because of the significant sexual heat that slowly builds between two stars. That said, what the film brings with it is not so much the similarity to the classic Hitchcock thriller, although these elements are definitely there, but the ubiquitous view of the modern city (in this case Paris), where life leads from mundane working days to a cheerful, bright nightlife in which sex, drugs and money washed into the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood production, it is a psychological transitional yarn in which people look like ordinary men and women on the street, where the blow to the face or crotch sounds like a disgusting thud and the office is a place to be feared. This is Hitchcock with gloves off.
