"The Blob" qualifies as a cult science-fiction movie not only because it introduced 27-year-old Steve McQueen on the trajectory to superstars, but also because he used the popular topics of both alien invasions and teen crime, which were inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one in the Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson scenario ever refers to the amorphous, scarlet-red protoplasm that fell on Earth in a meteorite and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown, Pennsylvania on Friday night as "Blob." Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, an old western bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive," after producer Dick Powell saw the release of this Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, an attractive McQueen girl, Aneta Corsaut, starred opposite Andy Griffith in "The Andy Griffith Show" as a school girl, Sheriff Taylor, Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but rarely real teens played in real teens. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his debut as a director with "The Blob." Scenario Linaker & Simonson has synthesized four genres: first, invasion of aliens; secondly, teenage crime; third, the mystery of murder and the fourth; horror genre. In addition, while the jelly-like substance takes on a variety of shapes, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the title Jell-O does not speak or communicate through telepathy. Instead, he kills unscrupulously and does not discriminate against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious, despite its somewhat camp nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers emphasize in the release of Criterion DVD "The Blob", the film opens up unusually for the sci-thriller of horror with our hero and heroine in a distant country house that kisses and kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a big meteor fall to the ground and leave to find him. Meanwhile, the old man finds a meteor and pokes him with a stick. The meteor breaks and the slippery thicket adheres to the stick. When the old clock (Olin Howland from "The Paleface") looks closely at him, goop sticks to his hand. The old guy runs screaming from the crater, and Steve nearly hits him with his blind. Steve and Jane pick up the guy and take him to Dr. Hallen in town. <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Hallen calls the nurse so she can come back because she may need amputation. Of course, Hallen never saw anything like a substance on the man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes fall into another group of teenagers who makes fun of Steve from fast driving. Steve fools him in a reverse-driven race, but the head of local police Dave (Earl Rowe) lets him break. Steve and teenagers visit the site of the meteor crater and find the warm remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's home and saving the dog, the teenagers parted in a scary night movie while Steve and Jane return to Dr. Hallen's office. In the meantime, the droplet completely absorbed the old grandfather, killed Nurse Hallen and attacked the doctor. No acid thrown on protoplasm or a shotgun Hallen have any effect on the drop. Steve takes a look at Hallen's absorbing stain. When Steve and Jane go to the police to report the incident, Dave sincerely believes, and Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a joke. Bert is dealing with teenagers because his wife died when someone hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but they can not find skin or anyone, but Dave admits that the office was devastated. Against the sergeant. Bert's Council, Dave turns teenagers to his parents. Soon, Steve and Jane cheat their people who believe that they sleep comfortably in bed and then leave again. They enter the city and notice the dog of an old man who escaped from the supermarket. When they go to get the mongrel back, Steve enters the grocery door and opens. They do not find anyone inside, but they encounter a drop. Steve and Jane are hiding in the freezer, and the droplet does not attack them. Later, after escaping, Steve convinces teens who challenged him in a street race to alert the authorities because he is supposed to be at home in bed. Police chief Dave and the fire brigade arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the drop is in the store. At about this time, a drop kills the projection of the theater and attacks film-goers. Suddenly, a horde of people leave the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane finished on the counter that it was attacking the stain. The owner and our heroes are in the basement, and Steve discovers that the extinguisher with its freezing content forces the stain to retreat. <br /> <br /> Authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the city and manage to freeze them. The Pentagon sends a team that will transport the stain to the North Pole. When the last drops drop into the polar ice pack, the final loan appears with a spectral giant question mark. Producer James B. Harris obtained spare military material from the Globe military transport aircraft that folded the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" turned out to be a hit-in and the jump of Steve McQueen to the fame of the movie added a momentum. If you are not a minor, this little horror is not at all frightening, but Yeaworth and his scenarios create enough paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show that the blob actually assimilates its victims and leaves it to your imagination, so "The Blob" is not devoid of any subtlety.
