For the first time, I watched it a few years ago on the now defunct TV channel in Sicily; amazing that the movie appeared as a valuable DVD from Criterion: not being sure what I initially did (despite achieving cult status for years, the right achievement is clearly seen with modesty even by the genre lovers), I decided not to make a purchase? just like me with a similar and unknown to me FIEND WITHOUT A FACE (1958). Recently, however, I managed to get a BLOB through a copy of the Spanish DVD, which, interestingly, was transferred to two pieces of Audio Commentary from Criterion "Special Edition"? Unfortunately, I could not disable Spanish subtitles while playing the main function! Anyway, looking at the movie anew, I was surprised how much I liked it (despite the many narrative flaws I will come to later)? as a pure example of schlockiness "B-movie" (unusually filmed in a pleasant color) and a time capsule illustrating social attitudes from the late 1950s. The male role was the early role of Steve (n) McQueen, and although the actor could later look at it with contempt, his only contribution to this genre turns out to be quite addictive: he does not oppose young kicks, but still basically decent (and, more importantly, altruistic) child. Special effects showing a slimy and expanding essence are not so bad in their kind and period; the movie itself achieves a good climax? beginning with the invasion of the monster on the cinema (showing DAUGHTER HORROR [1953/7], which I mentioned recently in the review of this film, but with an interesting show "reversed" and whose sequence, incidentally, will be presented at the opening of the satirical Italian program is actually called " blob "!). As for the minor details I have in the movie: the monster is not shown on the go? he just appears in different places, he never sees anyone! there is a surprising excess pressure (synonymous with the lining) on ​​the scratches of children with the police; it's stupid to shoot the city doctor for The Blob ?? as if the fluid, regardless of its proportion, could be destroyed by bullets! just as nonsense is the fact that teenagers warn city residents about dangers, doing door-to-door visits (especially considering that at this stage only McQueen saw the monster in action)! In 1972, an inferior sequel called BEWARE THE BLOB appeared; the original was then reworked in 1988? I watched it not so long ago, but it seems that it did not make a lasting impression on me (although I know that Micheal Elliott loves it). As a reminder, I will follow this review with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
