Films like Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have pushed the French director Claire Denis to the forefront of the world's most exceptional and outstanding filmmakers, and her 2004 film Intruz (L'Intrus) adds depth to her portfolio. A film poem that reflects the mood of constant loneliness and loss, the film shows the psyche of a man who is deteriorating physically and mentally and travels to different parts of the globe, seeking redemption and peace, but he has difficulty coming. . Loosely based on the memories of Jean-Luc Nancy from heart transplantation, Intruder is a film of such inexorable opacity that even after two scenes it is difficult to describe it differently than subjectively, impressionistically. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies who probably dies of heart disease and who, like Professor Ingmar Bergman professor of Wild Strawberries, tries to come to terms with the mistakes of his life when he has time. It is obvious that he is physically strong and very affluent, but he seems emotionally exhausted, and the expression on his face is an expression of quiet resignation. Although we see only one episode of violence, where he rises from the bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is an ominous sense in him. He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a hit man. <br /> <br /> In any case, it is clearly under supervision and acts like a man who was involved in criminal activities and is only now seeing the consequences. Face close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cottage in the Jura Mountains, near the Franco-Swiss border, and has a son, Sidney (Gregoire Collin), who has long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In one of the told scenes, he meets his father on the street and calls him a madman, but that does not stop him from taking the money. <br /> <br /> When the movie opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who gets into a van with a trained dog to sniff out some contraband. When she returns home, she is greeted by her husband, who asks her with a pinch of salt, does he have "anything to say?" Apart from these three people, people and circumstances that we see during the rest of the movie can only exist in Louis' imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them all in the first half of the movie: pharmacist (Bambou), who prepares his medicines, neighbor (Béatrice Dalle), who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of dogs when she goes on a trip, telling him that he is as crazy as he is, and a young Russian organ seller (Katia Golubeva) who says he wants "the heart of a young man". <br /> <br /> Mercifully, she is following him throughout the film, but apparently only in his mind. In the last part of the movie, Louis goes to South Korea to look for a heart transplant and in Tahiti to deliver a gift to another son he has not seen for many years, or maybe he has never seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a heartless man, a man whose life was fascinating, but ultimately deprived of leadership, entering into the lives of other people with little real empathy. Intruder includes the haunting soundtrack of Stuart Staples' guitar from Tindersticks, reminiscent of Jarmusch's Dead Man Jim riff, and great Denis's regular Agnes Godard's. <br /> <br /> Godard creates unforgettable images that convey a mood of longing and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, an infant in a sling looking at his father for a good two minutes, the expression of a child's face gradually changing from grim to half-smile, colorful streamers blown from the newly baptized ship, massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse and a vast area of ​​the ocean seen from the bouncing deck of the ship. Although the Intruder may be frustrating due to its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to react from our own experience to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any motive, you can find a hint at the opening, which tells us what appears fragmentarily in the movie - "your worst enemies are hiding in the shadow, in your heart".
