My opinion on this topic, at our local festival where people have often seen me, considered me a better source than I could have been, I started shaking my head: "Well, I can not summarize the story, but it's really an excellent study of the character of an extremely terrifying man . "Then, slightly embarrassed, I ran into someone who really knew what had happened, that is, from which Trebor unknowingly gets a new heart. This was my last film in a long, long day in the middle of the festival. Maybe I was napping. The better the movie, the more likely it is that it creates dreams that really dream me. I do not know. I knew that O'Henry was hurting painfully just behind my ken when everything was over. And he knew it had to do with the heart, hence the quietly hilarious search for talents. My remark about losing the plot had more to do with Trebol's connections in France, his relationship to the woman-dog, and so on. Denis barely looks at the details that could have anchored other director's treatments. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often from memory, especially festival films, films that I do not have at my disposal (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples.) and plot themes disappear much faster than a wider impression. Still or now, L'Inrus in my memory is, in a different way, a dark side superman, a super devil who is not embedded in genre or historical traps, but is active and credible, relatively gentle, driven, but patient, among us. The scar, once it reaches it, makes me visually say the kind of Frankenstein's hybrid monster, the crazy doctor and the creation in one. The right doctors are his tools. If he does not extract it himself and install the heart, it is only because it is not possible. He is a force, always a parasite who devours everyone he touches, and finally alone. What else is there? To suggest that he is us, the First World versus the Third, seems too simple, because no less feeds on his fellow First Worlds, all of us. <br /> <br /> The eye of Denis's camera - when he looks at things that I know - usually goes where it would be, so I trust her when she looks at things I do not know. Snow trekking, too fast cycling and forest darkness, which I knew in a small way, but in the Southern Sea at all, so I went better to L'Intrus, both France and crystalline islands, than to Beau pains in childbirth. L'Intrus is a very comfortable movie for me uncomfortable. This is a sequence of places presented in a familiar way, with intimacy that allows us to know them, whether we have seen reality or not. A single image, Trebor's cycling, its massive weight on a thin racing frame, sounds of disturbed air and screaming tires, an asphalt ribbon, dark green eternal sun, convinced me that the film would be a linear, road trip, a single willed drive. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. No matter who he is with, he is alone, although apparently he was not always there. His body breaks his life twice, first he needs a new heart, and then despite that. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is pride. <br /> <br /> I am moving dangerously in the thread of what I remember. Let's leave it.
