The 1989 Female Hung movie of Pedicab Driver is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to agree to some extent because the film in its biggest parts really becomes as amazing and fantastic as any movie in Hong Kong. It is a combination of quite good and well-written drama, interesting and sympathetic (as well as unpleasant) characters, genuinely funny humor and a truly exaggerated hyper-kung fu, which guarantees that many jaws will fall when someone is not familiar with Hong Kong cinema watches a film and experienced enthusiasts of the unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle part of the last century. They drive taxis and desperately seek love. Sammo is interested in the local burning Ping (Nina Li Chi), and Max one day meets the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, in which he falls madly in love. There are also many other characters and they remain quite clear all the time when the viewer really focuses on the movie and its story, so I can not say that the movie is confused because it can be worse, especially in Hong Kong! We will soon learn, for example, that the ruthless gangster family terrorizes the area and, of course, their violent acts also affect our heroes, and that is why the premise for some of the most incredibly choreographic kung fu fighting sequences was created. As well as a nice drama. <br /> <br /> The movie has a great cast. All songs are very good and restrained (for example, not so painfully terrible excessive acting and "humor", as in the other great Eastern Condors Sammo (1987), and, thanks to a carefully written script, are quite nice and easy to identify with The cast included many well-known cinema hitters and directors in small roles, such as Corey Yuen Kwai (legendary action director and director of films such as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) master composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (among others The Killer by John Woo and Fire and prison school Ringo Lam on fire among others, including Pedicab Driver!), veteran Shaw Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo has a furious fight with sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (director of the dark classics HK noir On the Run from 1988), the late great Lam Ching Ying (best known for his friendly face in various wampirzych horrorach / kung fu / comedies) to name a few. In fact, the cast at Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> The film has some interesting quiet moments, especially about the romance of Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and one crisis with which they are dealing with the character of Lowell Lo. They could really do a totally serious song if they wanted to discuss human values ​​and the meaning of love as a discussion, no matter what your past is or what you've done for life, become so serious and really effective in the middle that the movie immediately becomes more worth of attention than our average kung fu. Also the efforts of other heroes to heal things are very moving and they say delightfully a lot about the right human relations and friendships and, of course, about love. Nevertheless, I think that what Fennie says to Max (about the future "bad cooking") is very unnecessary and unfortunately very effectively gives potential to the entire segment and its themes. <br /> <br /> But then we come to what the filmmakers were most interested in. It is an action, scandalous and exaggerated action. Combat scenes include traditional kung fu, some sticks, meat cleavers and the like, and are used here as hysterically as in the most exciting kung fu scene I've seen in any movie, Jackie Chan's Drunken Master II (1994), they really are so great! There are cables and they are used very cleverly, and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or hit. Just amazing and again something that only the cinema in Hong Kong can provide. Also dangerous acrobatics make the spectator hold their breath because the film has one sequence of chases in a fast car and various dangerous jumps and twisted bodies flying through the air and crushing with power to a heavy target. Still, the filmmakers do not "accept" the violence of the film, because Sammo, like the late Bruce Lee, wants to surrender after the final murderous chaos in a gangster villa and I think that morale, no matter how obvious or shallow can be, even in such a harmless film, because cinema is to be something more than just thoughtless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also has a very witty fragments of humor, which I am not sure if everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) will understand or like at all. The funny Star Wars gag at the beginning is definitely among them and literally made me laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Also some exciting scenes arise from Sammo's passion for Ping. Nevertheless, the biggest laughter of amazement appeared in the scenes presented in the previous phage, because the images of large and tall men flying with great force through the screen on the walls or furniture are simply ABSENT and just breathtaking I just can not hide the feelings of thinking about these eastern filmmakers, when I am witnessing something like that, and this is of course only a positive and appreciative reaction. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most amazing action movies in Hong Kong I have ever seen and easily among the greatest Sammo achievements. If there were not a few small defects, it could be even brighter and higher. 8/10
