It's a gentle comedy from the 1950s. Kim Novak is one of the witches' Sabbath in Manhattan. Out of boredom, he casts a spell over his neighbor Jimmy Stewart, but eventually falls in love with him, losing his power. You see, witches can have "hot blood", but not love. Elsa Lanchester is the aunt of Novak, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, likewise. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, author specializing in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a comedy from the 1950s, because it is difficult to confuse it with anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from decorative decoration, through the wardrobe and the story, to performances and directing. Take the character of Ernie Kovack. He is called "drunkard and nutty". And here's how the movie shows these features. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and tie, like other men, his hair is a bit long and tousled. This is a version of drunk and nut from the 1950s. Nothing is out of place; everything is clean and free of dust. The soles of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are barely scratched. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where witches spend their free time. This is called "low diving". However, it is a clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, carefully dressed clientele and potted plants on the background of brick walls. This is not my idea of ​​diving "low" - even in Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea for diving in Greenwich Village is Julius's or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, now a nonexistent lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these. <br /> <br /> The Kookiness that we always hear about is suppressed by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is weird because he runs around his flat in bare feet. And he wears many black clothes, such as Beatnik from this period. <br /> <br /> But never mind. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive shop with articles for the trodden. It has strange beauty, at the same time massive and ethereal. It glides, not a delicate presence. Her eyebrows seem to draw with a set of plastic French curvatures. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as a dazed and enchanted victim. In the 1930s, he usually played light roles. In the post-war years and for the greater part of the 1950s he was a tortured hero, but here he puts his good experience in comedy good. Who would resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forces him to wear a headscarf and drink a hideous mixture of putrefactive liquid to heal him from Novak's spell? It is good to see him as a puppet, not an angry and indignant man who is in danger. Richard Quine directs the film calmly, without fireworks and special effects, and does some interesting things that art could not have. Pay attention to the scene in which Novak casts a spell on Stewart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cat seem to combine with Novak's surprising eyes. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovacks was a well-known television personality in the 1950s. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Show before. It brings to mind the word 'surrealism'. He could put up five minutes worth of words and indescribable tricks in an uninhabited room with the background as just a Concerto for Bartok Orchestra. He made an impeccable sketch, using the form of Percy Dovetail, an effective poet. The recording skips over The Condoli Brothers, but it's rather accidental, because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuosos of trumpeters with independent careers in jazz bands. Conte was later a member of Doc Severison's late Johnny Carson band. <br /> <br /> The third act shakes a bit and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it is never boring. The whole film is as fine as Van Druten's play, and the children will probably also jump out of it.
