I can watch B, B and C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw them at the age of 18, maybe all but one. Certainly, Miss K. Nowak has not lost anything of her silky charm in almost half a century. Youth Diana Dors. All those thinking young people who are now collecting their retirement can regain their heart for a short time - squeezing, pulling on the collar, blood - the pulsing heat they felt when they looked straight into their eyes at times when they were told they never did. Now, huddled against the cold and afraid that they will be attacked by a hoodie, they sneak into the house as fast as their arthritic knees can carry them from the video store, relatively satisfied with some knowledge that in the triple closed relative safety of their fourth - flat the tower block can recover only a small part of its lost youth and perhaps reflect that love is truly eternal. This film is the Golden Moment of Miss Novak. She greedily grabbed him and performed an amazing sensuality combined with the hypnotic awareness of her own sex appeal and, despite everything, convinces us that her character has a strange and captivating innocence. He completely dominates the nice Mr. J. Stewart, who seems to give up giving her the film. Bears E. Lancherster and H. Goingold offer a comic relief together with Mr E. Kovac, whose particular talents are strictly forbidden. Mr. J. Lemem plays the brother of Miss Novak. It is a beatnik, a genre that disappeared as soon as he realized that his existence was recognized by the mainstream. Some of the more hardcore beats for a few years later discovered themselves as hippies. They certainly became fun figures until 1958. And Mr. Lemmon does not seem overly concerned about the restraint in presenting one. But everything else is just a frippery, Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only reason for being for "Bell, Book and Candle". It will survive, its reputation enhanced, as the ultimate showcase of one of the most beautiful Hollywood women. Loved by moviegoers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to captivate this enigmatic smile all the time thinking that old people have the power to push the "Play" buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after we all leave, she will be discovered by a new generation, who - with delay - will realize that it is quite possible for a woman to be fully dressed and at the same time sexually attractive.
