John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about the Sabbath of modern witches living in New York; it was obviously an attractive film property. For Gillian Holroyd, she was the star for her once-published book publisher, Shepherd Henderson and her crazy family and circle, including Shep's dazed fiance, the hateful Merle Kittredge, against whom Shep Gillian begins the magical casting of spells. He even had a Pyewacket, a Siamese cat who knew well-anticipated miaows, Sidney Redlitch, a false witch expert with terrible claims and bad manners. In short, it seemed to his producer, the magic of the box office. And it turned out that way. So many things were right in its production, only one element was not perfect; but the rest was fun, adorable and very consistently entertaining. To begin with, Daniel Taradash's script retained the best features of a great theater play, but he opened up his scenes, including Greenwich Village and other scene areas in New York. The technical production was beautiful, with photos of the legendary James Wong Howe, George Duning's excellent score, more than the wise sets of Louis Diage and Jean Louis dress. Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as the mischievous brother of Gillia, great comedies Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as friends and charming Kim Novak in one of her most touching parts, Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was an imperfect part of my judgment; he did well with comedic parts of his parts, but he was never convincing as a New York book publisher, and he was too old for a part of Henderson. But director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, tempo changes and extremely composed shots to show the strangeness of the wizarding parts of the film, keeping the other parts very clear but simple in their presentation. The main crisis of the story in the film takes place when in fact Gillian falls for Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She only started by alienating him from her fiancée, her difficult college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to leave, he keeps coming back to her - and realizes that she is influenced by the spell, apologizingly trying to explain him. .. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was called by a magic spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he does not know anything about magic, but he is surprised and interested to find out why he arrived at all; but Gillian's brother enlightens him. Everything finally comes to this romantic satire, when Gillian proves his love for Henderson, losing his powers - what happens to witches when they really love mortals. Of course, he never really wanted to resist her. The film has a lively dialogue, charm and a bit of its own "magic" in the witchcraft charm and anguish that Gillian must give in his fight to himself and get the man he loves. The beautiful ending of this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes his incredible realism, although fantasy, almost entirely in my opinion. Memorable delightfully.
