The Bell, Book and Candle game was a favorite figure of mature actresses who do it in the summer herd and set out on the road. One of the famous stories, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, has Ginger Rogers insisting that her then husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, was a costar with her. Marshall wore a wig, and when he walked through the door, his wig grabbed the nail and remained, hanging in the door as he walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The performance has been successfully adapted into a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jacek Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It's light entertainment, with a normal-looking family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and a publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most famous of them is sensual Gillian with a gentle voice that would like to be normal. One night, with Stewart in her apartment, he casts a spell on him using his Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell book and candle" were shot on a charming set that duplicates New York. The film is full of fun. Jack Lemmon is very playful in the supporting role as brother Gillian, musician in witches and warlock-laden Zodiac Club. He uses his powers to turn streetlights on and off and turn on sporadic women. Janice Rule is perfect as a snobbish rival Gillian from college, now he meets Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great twist as an eccentric who writes the final book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, Aunt Lanchester's aunt Gillian and Gingold as a kind of spell queen. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak fits Gillian well, giving the protagonist the distance of a witch, showing emotion when it becomes appropriate, and with this voice, fabulous face and wonderful wardrobe, he is certainly magical. Stewart, in his last expedition as a romantic trail, the cost of Novak, as in Vertigo, and form an effective team. It provides heat, provides coolness and sparkles together somehow. Of course, it is much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A charming movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good for Christmas (as part of it takes place at Christmas) and great if you want to smile.
