Once in a while you will come across a movie that defines your values ​​and shows the true depth of human emotions that exhaust you. Vivah is that? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood had reached the top and never thought of something like that - EVER. Boy, I was wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to choose this movie along with the new "DON" (so that I could compare The Great AB with ShahRukh? Although the decision is already made in my mind). After the debate over whether I should have wasted almost 3 hours for a senseless movie, I decided to watch it, realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw the U grade instead of A, I was glad that at least I did not have to watch scantily clad women with bad acting skills, doing nothing but dancing at every opportunity they do and do with each guy to show that he has more skills in bed than actress Hollywood B. For the first 5 minutes I thought that again I would be subjected to a senseless story with bad acting. After all, everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor knows that he never gained fame as a great actor. Boy ?? Was I wrong about this movie? This movie aroused my interest after the first 5 minutes and never let me go. It was a great movie with a good story about the disappearing traditions of our society. I liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a movie in which the younger generation may not refer to the concept (arranged marriage), but also that he did it with conviction (that it is right). I have no idea why some people think that acting was not good. I felt that the game is great and even though the musical score may not be considered the best in history, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people over time, as it was with me when I watched the movie for the second time. Another good thing is that your songs are not thrown into the script, as we've all seen in many movies. These songs largely tell a story and are certainly a welcome addition. Like Ajay Devgan, he went from joking to the great actor (after the company), and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; this movie will help Shahid Kappor become a better actor and artist in Bollywood. This is his first film where I like him and his role. He behaved well and adapted to being a nice, handsome, young, rich child. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on the dunk, just like you saw ShahRukha in DDLJ (although he is shown to be an Indian in England, both countries are not too big in basketball), he is as credible as a person, which sticks to its values. Amrita Rao, for the first time appeared as someone who is to be remembered. In all her other films, she competed with big faces that really hampered her. Nobody knew how good an actress was until he saw the movie. Some scenes in which he must cry, especially at the end, really show her the knowledge and depth of acting. Although she was in other films, she is the most memorable in this. I think that this film will and should do wonders for it. Move over Rani? there is another girl who, if she has a decent chance to work with good directors, can take the torch from you. She is beautiful with a perfect voice and has a face that exudes total innocence. Oh, when almost 0% of fat in the body does not hurt either (yes, the people I challenge you, you'll find up to 0.1% fat on it and unlike many others, such as Sonali, it can also work). I thought that I would never be enchanted by some beauty after Madhuri and early Kajol, but it completely changed. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together, and their relationship matched their characters and they both did a great job (although I waited for Shahid to turn into a girl like Salman every time he pronounced "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, I left me so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch the movie again (right away). Immediately. I never did it. Even with DDLJ, but this movie had just something that needed to be understood again and again. I will probably watch this movie for the third time over the weekend to be able to watch and experience the traditions with which we all grew up. I miss times when families sat down and played well. When the parents had time for their children and where the children respected what their parents believed. I know that many people think that the film does not represent real life, but deep down we do not all want it. Families, tradition, love and respect. This film will remind us all. I can assure you that it is a very well made movie that you'll like. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you'll be one of them.
