Absolutely a genius movie! Jiri Trnka, a puppet animation master, confronts totalitarianism in his latest film. It will be banned by the communist government of Czechoslovakia (at that time), despite the country's highest award for animation. <br /> <br /> In this dark and fun short film, the artist tries to create a new pot for his favorite plant. He happily creates his works, dreaming that his plant will become a beautiful rose. Suddenly he knocks on the door, and the great omnipotent hand comes to try and force the artist to create statues in his image. The artist relies as best as he can, but eventually he is overwhelmed by constant attempts to make him adjust. It becomes brain prana; intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand attaches the strings to the artist, places it in a cage and uses it to make statues. All the time glorifying the artist's work and awarding him medals and decorations. <br /> <br /> The artist's inner urge to express himself freely is what helps him overcome indoctrination and allows him to escape from prison, be it literal or in his mind, and return to the home where he now he must live in constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand. He closes, thinking that he is out of reach of the almighty hand, but at this time he raises his plant and pot high, hoping he is out of hand, and ends up on his head, killing him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear with which he had to live, when he fled the strings of his hand. Once a dead hand, he paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in circumstances or for reasons the artist would like to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trotski's condemnation of a totalitarian society and their lack of right to freedom of expression is dark, condemning and amazingly animated. No wonder the government has banned it because it is a kind of media that people admire or even listen to. It was obviously unacceptable. An amazing example of disobedience of a civilian artist and his influence. And still fairly current in many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. You must see and decide 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
