At first, I did not like the movie because it was a drama of the Nazi swastika. But after buying it and seeing it it was not that bad. I have heard so many complaints that the numbers are short and Ilse Werner is not singing. Now I understand. The radio program was a radio program of super propaganda. Ilse, Johanne and Zara as well as Rudy Shruki and a band such as Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera never appeared on the radio, because the singers and bands belonged to the category of pop jazz and swing. The club rate regulated that for the occupants occupied areas for soldiers to walkie-talkies for soldiers, including nightclubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and only record sales. That's why Ilse could not sing in this picture. It will consist of a medium-budget musical They made music, 1942, in which he will demonstrate his whistles. But this is a perfect example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, are going to the Olympic Games in 1936. The aunt forgets his tickets, so Inge has to wait for her aunt to come back with the tickets. He meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. He goes with him and it's love at first sight. they plan to get married, but the Spanish war bothers, so he must do the job on the right side. Carl Raddatz, just like many people complained about him, was really handsome and he was not simple. When he was doing Opfergang, he put on his mustache and his own tan, which made him look bright. You see how Nazi soldiers behave normally, like the scene in which the butcher and his soldiers are in France and steal pigs from the farm and are about to do lunch until their leader proposes to save the pigs. This reflects the extremism of Adolph's animal rights. The figure was a butcher, now a soldier. It was a subtle opposition to meat eating. After the Second World War, Herbert flies a German plane. We're shooting at one of the pilots, so Herbert takes control. We're shooting his plane. They are breaking up. Unfortunately, they survived for us. The next ones were seen by Nazi soldiers in a Catholic Catholic church, now they are postponing Catholics, and Helmet, Hubert's best friend, played by Joachim Brennecke, begins to play organ, Beethtoven. . The church is more bombarded, the soldier stays and plays the organs he was told to leave. In the end, we hurt him. A propaganda message? The organ of the Catholic church makes him dependent on him. He hurt him. See? At that time Inge is with her, either mother or grandmother, played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German actress Grandame, who played Aunt Maria Holst in Weiner Blut. Well, later there is a short view of the radio broadcast. It was not meant to be a musical revue, such as Kora Terry, released in the same year as Rosen in Tirol. Music and their side of the war were to be only a decline. It was mainly a war movie. It is easy to take a photo of a soldier in a film, but in reality many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the reason for the work and the monthly wages they would receive. After the war, many of them who survive will regret it. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have Neo Nazis and Nazi heads of skin who watched the same films to reflect Hitler's cult and theirs. They have disturbing websites that use these movie classics to collect money for their madness. Beware most of the time that it's just a class of direct hatred. If their scenario looks as if he praised him, his Nazi side skips him. Go to IHF or the German war movie dot com, Amazon dot Dee or the German video network. They are justified. 01/23/10 Mada mistake was not a friend of Herbert, who died in the church. It was Schartzscop, a friend of Malte Yager's character.
