Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are leaders in their own teams; Anton from The Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney from The Dandy Warhols. Interestingly, their friendship is that they are rivals; his relationship with hatred for love. Sometimes you both hear them praise each other, but in the next second they complain that they are stupid and absorbed in themselves. While Dandy Warhols were commercially successful, BJM was still in the underground scene; and for a reason why. <br /> <br /> Focus on Dig! is more in the direction of Anton and BJM, because they have many more substances. They are the most dysfunctional syndrome. During concerts they will fight and fight each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels they are not working properly. With the amount of drugs that consume alcohol, the fight always waited. You know how people go to car racing to see if a huge car crash happens; that's why people went to concerts, to fight. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of himself as a musical messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he can never leave the underworld. He is a very talented musician, amazing how many instruments he can play and with such skills. But his courage is such that he can not escape the world he created; a prolific musician is stuck in a black hole of drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other side of Dandy Warhols had their own troubles. They did not achieve much success with their first album and constantly fought with their record label. But they have been a huge success in Europe. But Courtney is drawn back to Anton's world. It is interesting that both Anton and Courtney had what others needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented as Anton, although Anton did not want to say it, he needed commercial success, which Dandy had to make a revolution. <br /> <br /> For seven years of the course, the film crew went for these two bands, there is a lot of material. There's never a boring moment in Dig! Still growing, because there is no time to slow down, as it has a lot to say, seven years of telling a story in one hour 45 minutes is hard work. Ondi Timoner did a great job, creating one of the best documentaries, thanks to which you always want more. Even if you do not like bands that still deserve to be watched; goes beyond music, showing a wonderful story of a successful failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
