An excellent document, allegedly about the friendship and subsequent rivalry of two rock'n'roll bands from the West Coast: The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre. In fact, it turns out that it is a portrait of a border psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relations with the rest of the world. Interestingly, in the case of a music document, there is almost no music. What is - the abduction of songs, more often than interrupted by performers - is rather accidental than central. Although the heroes are musicians, history is not about music, but rather especially about the American version of the British myth about the cartoon lifestyle, i.e. Takja, in which no one has to take responsibility for behaving like broken teenagers full-time. Tantrums, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional attitudes, egomization on a truly epic scale - all this is justified or positively supported because it is consistent with some collective views on what rock'n'roll is. As a movie, it is a first-class document, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and outrageous (and he is wild and scandalous) his music has never gone beyond the most obvious origin of his 60s idols (Stones, Velvet etc.) for someone claiming to be able to play 80 instruments , he never bother to learn to play on any of them except the most basic level. Similarly, Danda Warhols' burning ambition is based on a rock'n'roll vision that is amazingly fossilized in 1969. Of course, nothing wrong with pastiche, but there is certainly more to musical life than eternal playing of the cartoon from the late 1960s. Why do not they take risks with their music - in the way their patterns did? Because, you suspect, it's not about music. Music is just an addition, support or excuse to lead a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: earn a lot of money and be famous. Great thing. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but every time he has the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages her, usually in the most dramatic way. He is terrified of success and at the same time deeply offended by anyone who has him - especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Highly recommended.
