A documentary about two rock bands, covering many years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols. Of particular importance is the study of complex, contrasting personalities and the irony of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main character of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals Dandy Warhols, but also record producers and most of the people who collaborated with him. Unfortunately, he and his members are unable to integrate into the real world. Newcombe chooses battles with band members on stage or with the audience (at some point he is arrested for literally kicking the fan). Newcombe knows no limits? plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM music, can produce enough songs to fill the whole album in one day, has a prophetic obsessiveness with its own musical genius, but is also a heavy drug user, gets mad at the smallest the compromise of their own artistic integrity, instructs their team members that they are lower life forms and can make transactions as soon as they create them. BJM goes through a large number of record companies in a quick period of time? they sign them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize that they are completely uncontrolled. <br /> <br /> Warhols recognize their debt to Newcombe and do not even put themselves in the same exalted sphere of greatness? but the Warhols have something that BJM does not have? the ability to integrate your talents with common sense, the real world and their market? as a mix of talents (even if most of them are distilled from Newcombe gurus) and accessibility, they are the definition of "cool". To dig! he follows the parallel careers of both teams with growing force. At some point, Newcombe pulls off acrobatics to publicize, sending out apparent death threats and hatred for Warhols (in a box containing live ammunition and insults, such as a bar of soap, "clean your act")? only he forgets to tell them it is a stunt and they become so paranoid that they take the order to stop them against Newcombe. Before Dandy Warhols starts in Europe with such hits as "Every Day Should Be A Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcombe is becoming more and more isolated. BJM is stopped and the band falls apart when he is arrested for having marijuana? Warhols are beaten for drugs at about the same time, released with warning, and can even hold the grass. <br /> <br /> Wider charm of DiG! it is the case that genius versus availability lessons go beyond two bands and even rock music. The disadvantage is that it is still documentary, however intimate, and will mainly appeal to dedicated film fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the distinguished bands. Newcombe may be a largely unrecognized genius, and glimmers appear in the film, but for an unconfirmed ear there is little more than the statements of people interviewed to confirm this. In the words of one of the band members: "In every spiritual tradition you burn in hell for pretending that you are God and you can not support it." Newcombe fails? but numerically, maybe there are no people who could appreciate it in their own lives and DiG! has a hard struggle to repair the balance in favor of tortured but largely unrecognized genius.
