I watched this movie along with my complete Nine family. Ever since my younger brother got married recently, we could connect with this event. The film is distinguished by the classic touch of the romance of the engaged couple. Fortunately, this time all Indian locations were used, such as Ranikhet Almora, etc., which have already been visited by the majority of the city's residents, which contributes to the connection with the film. Dialogues are much better than in "Umrao Jaan Ada" - supposedly a dialogue based film. Background music increases the "softness" of the film. This reminds me of the "Kareeb" VV Chopry, in which neha and to some extent Bobby fully reflected the character's character. Same here, because the leading pair does not disappoint in the appearance or operation of the department. The supporting staff is too good. I rate the actress as Bhabhi in the first division. Presented situations of family interaction are real and you smile when you find yourself in the place of one of the characters. The songs were too close to the scenes and fit the movie well. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work on Ramayana movies, I missed Ram Laxman very badly. <br /> <br /> He did not have double entries (Sivan category), no bikini, no intrigue and no sense. You can comfortably watch a movie with your parents, unless you are already or soon you will be involved. I want to express my sincere expression that although Suraj proposes that marriages be between families and not just individuals, his approach is completely individualistic. The film concerns only Prem and Poonam, the rest of the character is accidental. Art imitating life? "Peripheral characters" are assigned to the background, and the only heroes are the leading pair. <br /> <br /> Coming back, everything was almost great. With the exception of the dramatic part. The situation of the tragedy was artificially created. The result, sacrifice and subsequent heart change are not convincing at all. That is why he lacks an emotional blow - the very purpose of this turn of events. But the change in the story was necessary to get out of the film from a beautiful pre-marital film into a "feature film". But I was waiting for a blow and it never came. The preaching by Mohnish Bahal and later by Aloka Nath in the dowry was out of place and made matters too expensive. This may help the movie get a tax-exempt status. But the plot could have been more interesting and non-linear than what it was. <br /> <br /> There were too many questions in my mind: 1 Did the movie really end? 2 Has the movie ended?
