Imagine the difficult situation of Richard, a painter whose real passion is flying. When we meet him for the first time, he is seen at the top of a London building, in his wings made at home. He ripped apart his canvases and other works, at the height of his despair, and turned the flying device into his own leap. When he falls into a police protective device, he does not suffer from a scratch, but lands in front of a judge who orders him to do social work. Richard, whose relationship with Anna apparently ended, decides to move to the rural area, where he finds a place in the country with a large barn, which he intends to use to build his own plane. <br /> <br /> Richard ends up trying to help Jane Harchard reluctantly. She is a young woman suffering from A.L.S. or Lou Gehrig and is limited to a motorized wheelchair. Jane is extremely intelligent, but has a dark side and salty vocabulary. Sometimes she uses a handheld device because her speech is not clear. Jane loves to do anything to lose her virginity. Jane and Richard clash when they meet, but mutual tolerance soon makes them feel good with each other. <br /> <br /> Jane, who watches porn on her computer, has the idea of ​​finding someone like Richard Gere in "American Gigolo" who gets sex with her for a fee. When Richard takes her to London, they find the right man to work. His fee is excessive, but they agree. Because they have no money, Richard decides to rob a big bank. Unfortunately things do not go as planned when Jane realizes she can not go through what she wanted. In the end, Richard takes Jane on a ride in his primitive built plane to experience the thrill of her life, something that brings them closer together because they find a relationship with each other. a film that presents an amazing situation. Jane is definitely not a romantic heroine in mainstream movies, and yet she has such a sweet aura that it's hard not to feel and what she is trying to achieve. Mr. Greengrass shows a relationship with the material of Richar Hawkins, who wrote for the film. The film does not try to be sweet or present a pink image of a young woman suffering from an incurable disease. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the movie. She's doing a wonderful Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem very well adapted to this type of comedy. Somehow he has his own problems in the way he interprets Richard. Gemma Jones has some good moments like Anne, Richard's old love. <br /> <br /> "Theory of Flight" shows a good director. No doubt Peter Greengrass will go for bigger and better things.
