<br /> <br /> I am sure that in the real life of Homer Hickam the situation did not look exactly the same as in the film adaptation of his book Rocket Boys, but in the movie "October Sky" (anagram book title) is good enough to stand alone. I have not read Hickam's memories, but I am still able to enjoy and understand their film adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of the teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), starting in October 1957. It opens with the sound of a radio broadcast, bringing news about the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see pictures of the blue-gray city and its inhabitants: mainly miners working at the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners listens to the news on the handheld when he enters the lift shaft, but the signal disappears as it disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. Melancholy violin melody fades with this image. Then we get Elvis' shock on the car radio when the words on the screen inform us about the setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his buddies, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about football attempts. Football scholarships are the only way out of the city and work in the mines for these boys. "Why jockeys are the only ones who go to college" - asks Homer. Roy Lee replies: "They are also the only ones who win girls". Homer does not do it on football, like his older brother, so he is destined for mines and follows in the footsteps of his father as a mine foreman. Until he sees a dot of light in the sky of October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a catastrophic trial involving the primitive racquet and fence of his mother (Natalie Canerday) Homer uses the help of nerd Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer quickly replies: "Everything." His science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) is very supportive of Homer, and four boys are working on building rockets in Homer's basement. However, his father, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste time on rockets that coal mines matter. Coal from the mine is used for steel production, and without steel the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship of Homer and his father is one of the most moving relationships I have ever seen in a film. Miss Riley presents Homer with the idea of ​​entering a local science fair, with a chance to go to the nations and win a scholarship to study. "You can not just dream of Coalwood," he tells Homer. Homer and his friends act according to their dreams, constantly working on the rockets, improving the models every time they try. Despite many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances that we will win this science fair" - asks O'Dell Homer in one of his more desperate moments. "One million to one", says Homer. "That's good?" O'Dell answers: "Why did not you say that?" Music, composed by Mark Isham, at the same time transmits sadness and hope, especially sad when Homer goes down to the mine shaft and loses sight of the sky and dreams of getting out of Coalwood. Rock and roll rolls from the 1950s, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally move the instrumental pieces aside, creating a light mood that contrasts teenagers 'lives with miners' lives. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set moods and symbolize. The city of Coalwood, filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blue, gray and brown. It is as if the dirt from the coal adhered to everything - faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a shiny red convertible stops to ask boys for directions, it is obvious that they come from outside the Coalwood and Olga Coal Company. The book on the missile project Miss Riley gives to Homer is red. Red stands out against the blue-gray world of Coalwood to symbolize "getting out" but is still subtle. The Reds are fleeting traces of the world that Homer only dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such enthusiasm, hope and obstinacy as Homer Hickam, that it is hard to believe that he is not the real Homer, whom we see in the real footage at the end of the movie. Chris Cooper is also extremely credible as Homer's stubborn father who does not recognize or simply refuses to admit that the mine does not produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer and everyone who encourages him to build missiles are aware that the city is dying. When the community breaks down, the only way to stay together is to gather at the rocket boy demonstrations. Again, I'm sure it did not happen exactly as the movie did, but what would a movie be without idealism? "October Sky" is fed up with being a great movie and raw enough to make it happen.
