October Sky is a very praised film and it's easy to understand why. The story is easy to understand, and many turning points are immersive, actors and actresses do a pretty good job, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the protagonist finally gets what he wants, and that's a real story. Honestly, I think that the director's achievement is not comparable to the sparks and warmth generated by the original story. We do not see any special narrative or cinematography; the strength of the film depends largely on the thrilling plot and the difficult situation in which the young hero is imprisoned, and the majority of the audience identify with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to gain recognition of his father and create his own future, and his immunity gains our respect. ¡§October Sky¡¨ reminds me of the later Japanese production of the mini series ¡§Rocket Boy, ¡¨, which may owe some of the inspiration from this film. In fact, these two works made from two different cultures provide an interesting comparison. When October Sky develops the story of a young man screaming loudly to take away his right to his own fate, ¡° § Boy Boy¡¨ offers a more discredited description that can sometimes be a harsh criticism of modern society. Starring actor Yuji Oda, ocket §Rocket Boy¡¨ focuses on three men as ordinary as he can be: a travel agency who dreams of becoming an astronaut, a boastful advertising agent who is on the brink of a rift through his inferiority complex from the great success of his father and older brother (like what Homer feels in a family) and an employee of a food company who is about to marry, but is afraid of this idea. Collected social awareness imposes its definition of success on its voters and steps to force them to strangle their dreams, claiming that their ¡§ impossible.¡¨ To compensate for the lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in a tour organizer because ... named alaxy §Galaxy.¡¨ When his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength on the words of his father, who decided to be a sailor, but later discovered that life on the sea is less attractive than he assumed. ¡§ But I do not regret it, ¡father told Father Kobayashi, at least I tried. Ession His father's confession encourages him to give up his job and apply for an astronaut, even though he hurts his legs and has to move in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts finally fail and return to the travel agency. But his courage ¡§crazy¡¨ inspires his friends and everyone loves him more. Shortly before the end of the series, Kobayashi is working as a guide to the space camp, which is to enable children to get to know astronauts. After the tour, we see him leaning against a tree, unfolding a poster that he pulls from the notice board :: § Astronauts sought after in 2004 ¡¨ Kobayashi looks at a piece of paper, laughs and laughs, just like a kid looking at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but dares to do his destiny and justice. This series is so captivating that the hero does not show any heroic deeds, but his ordinariness and unstoppable desire to realize a dream that makes you surprised and jealous. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this spectacle enlightens us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi have a dream and do what they can, despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to see a Japanese TV series. If you are nine years old, you will feel more hurt. I'm sorry that IMDB has no data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan for help.
