Based on the facts, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), growing up in a coal town in West Virginia, where the boy's usual destiny was "landing in the mines." But Homer stared at the sky and loved flying rockets, to the horror of the father-foreman and the consternation of the city's inhabitants. He certainly does not fit together, he and his three launchers are starting to make rockets that fly from the barren ground eight miles out of town, so as not to terrorize the community with often unsuccessful rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city, and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) thinks that they are wasting their time. However, people are intrigued and soon begin to appear in crowds to watch "Rocketboys" sending their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and allows them to know that they can become contenders for participation in national science fairs, and the awards are university scholarships. Now the gang has to learn how to improve their craft and overcome many of the problems they face when shooting stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been known for his films such as Jumanji and Jurassic Park 3, and "October Sky" certainly stands above all of his other films. Without a doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort and of course his best film. This is not only a true story filmed extremely well, but even as a movie has every thing that is required for the cinema at the highest level. In addition to the extraordinary direction of Johnston, there are special performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this movie was released and gives a beautiful and natural performance. He is a great actor. Chris Cooper as his father also gives a very good performance. The same applies to Laura Dern and also looks beautiful. Even the rest of the performances are exceptionally good. The background result was fine. A very inspiring movie that raises your spiritual sky high. One of those movies that definitely inspires you all your life. An amazing, inspiring movie with lots of entertainment. It can not be bypassed.
