A simple and effective film about what life is and responding to challenges. Homer and his friends took a lot of bile so that they could develop into manhood without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that runs from father to son to become a miner in a local mine and never get out of this fate. There were also three different challenges for Homer and his friends to overcome the personal and free future. The challenge of the first artificial artificial satellite Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in the history of mankind, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and mechanics used to calculate and invent a rocket from scratch, or rather what they could gather in books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of the world that resists and refuses, and tries to force you to return to the herd, even with an untimely accident that forces you to return to the herd to ensure survival, and even then Homer proved he has the courage to accept the challenge that for a moment, he blocked his own plans and dreams. But there is another side of history, which the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he also carries the inspiration that he and his friends need. If he is the one who receives the university scholarship because his friends gave him priority, his friends will be able to enter their own paths and paths and get out of the mining fate, thanks to the energy that his inspirational example sets before their eyes. Sometimes it's hard not to follow the example of what is like a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream, because for him, science was not the material of a real man, such as mining or football. The fates of the working class, which were so present in the fifties and sixties and still occur in some areas, too often enforce the father's traditional thinking. If the mother has no courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I speak of becomes a huge trap. Here too, the film is effective and should make some parents think. This could have been the fourth challenge that Homer had to face: the challenge of a path that was not indicated and programmed by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon of the Sorbonne
