I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon, and a year later I saw a promo for Vivah, which looked good. But I did not want to waste my hard-earned money watching them at the cinema. When the movie first appeared on DVD, I rented it and watched it, and I loved the movie and took the words on Sooraj. I just finished watching it again yesterday and this time I thought I had to review this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaGot this time, well, I was not a huge fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after Man Pyar kiya for me, I think that Vivah is Barjatyas' best job. I almost never cry in the movie, but this movie made me want to cry. If you've ever been in love before, there will be many moments that will touch you in this film, the film is just too sweet and will make you fall in love with it, my view is a very underestimated movie. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie, which you can call desi and very old times, but to me it seemed modern, because the two couples who get arranged marriage are aware that it is an old tradition. It is happening these days, many people do not believe in organizing a marriage, but I do it. A journey between engagement and marriage, which will always be unique, and this film clearly shows this. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show what it is like, and this is reality, and my parents say they got married and showed it in a way that is as real as Prem and Poonam meet in this movie happens in most marriages. It was very sweet, you feel nervous, but excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows it very well. Getting back to history like this is a journey you will soon get stuck between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and there families. In this video there is a surprise, which is really good, the last 30 minutes that everyone will reach for a box of handkerchiefs. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, in which they find each other is too sweet. Simple boy and Simple Girl, when they meet for the first time during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe" It is very nice to watch, She almost says nothing, and Prem says that she is honest with her in relation to her past and girlfriend, which he liked and his smoking. Then he leads them all to a family trip, and then they really fall apart. It just makes you want to watch a couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi is really mean to her and you regret Poonama because she has been mistreated and makes you want to see her happy, and when she finally finds happiness, you also start to feel happy with her. fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she finds happiness in Prem, you want her to be happy and also that nothing will go wrong because the character is shown as a sweet, simple girl. Which leads me to perform, and Amrita Roa as Poonam is amazing in the movie, her best work until the date you fall in love with this innocent character and eradicate her to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is also amazing, she is the support of Poonama in the film, she is her happiness in the film, together they share amazing chemistry and I have never seen a nicer couple from SRK and Kajola. If Ishq Vishk did not touch you to tell you how sweet they are together, he will definitely be. "Mujhe Haq hai" is a song, and before her amazing chemistry, which they show. The scenes that touched me took place when Prem takes Poonama to his room and shows her where they will be staying. He opens it and has a moment between them that is too sweet. Again, if you've ever been in love with someone with whom you can connect these scenes. The film is the sweetest thing you will ever see. <br /> <br /> The direction is punctual, for me a good movie is basically something that can draw me in and stop me believing those hours, which is visible here is fake and there is a camera. For me, this movie drew me in and for three hours I felt really connected to the film. Songs that you really like when you see a movie because they are songs placed in a situation after watching a movie that I played without a break! The music is amazing, the story is just amazing, what more can I ask for? <br /> <br /> What can I finally say, we rarely get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after that you saw that you feel really good and you want to be a better person. Is it actually the sweetest journey in history, basically showing you that they travel between engagement and marriage, and many people say it's the best part of your life? Well, this movie shows you how people say that? Why people say that the trip is so amazing! Watch this video and you'll find out why the trip is amazing!
