Watching the ads of this movie, I was quite convinced that I was going to hate him. First of all, it was one of those "loosely based on innovative films", which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to associate it with a film. To make matters worse, the trailer showed only the most mundane slapstick imaginable (eg, the Kid is poured into the face of a garden hose ... and falls over). So when my younger brother came up with the idea that this is a "must see" movie of the season (of course, he thought the same about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Bully Ant", "Monster House", etc. ), I was less than delighted. <br /> <br /> But when I was in the theater, the film won me for many reasons. Above all, writers capture "child dialogue" better than any other children's film I have ever seen. The best example of this is the case when the director of the boy accidentally eats a worm in an egg omelette. The boys make a poor, exaggerated impression that the main lecturer lectures them, which makes it realistic, because all small children think (wrongly) that they make great mocking expressions of their adult tormentors. Then one of the boys asks: "Why did he say" ale oop "? Another boy answers: "Maybe he is crazy!" And the whole group laughs loudly. It is not a very witty duplicate, but exactly the things that a young kid would come up with on the spot and exactly the kind of remarks that other children his age would be hilarious. As if in confirmation, my child's brother laughed when it was said on the screen; I could practically hear his voice throwing out exactly the same poems if he found himself in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason the film works is that writers manage to work on issues like bullying, child sibling relationships at school, and the peer pressure / conformism without issuing any of them seems like that these were supportive threads for some after school. For example, a tyrant (Joe) is not stereotypical; He is definitely angry, but not pure evil, and only his home life reveals that the audience feels compassion for him and understands his intimidating origins. There is also no "cue the drama music" moment in which Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes how a complete tool is for his younger brother Woody, and yet at the end of the movie a kind of small transformation has been made. There is some realism here in the way in which characters solve situations and the way they relate to each other, and very few of them turn out to be trivial. <br /> <br /> The only disadvantage of the film is the form of an absolutely funny dance scene, where even the creators of the infamous McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me" mocked. Why oh why was it introduced to the movie? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) pull Macaulay Culkin and refuse to take the role unless he got a vehicle to present his impressive dance skills? The whole sequence definitely did not have to be there and had a slightly lower comedy value than any show in "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> In general, the film was excellent, and its length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best, most realistic action movies for kids live, you'll ever see if you're close to children or just remember how it really was to be a kid.
