I've never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and I was laughing all the time. I never thought that horrible acting was there, it was just too funny. Movie history is decent, but film scenes do not present them. I have never seen such a stupid movie in my life, which is why I think it's worth watching. I give this film 10 out of 10, because it's the most pathetic film ever made, this movie seems to have been made solely to become garbage. I mean, the scenes seem so false, and the actors behave like "the camera is in front of them". You'll get a kick just watching how bad the movie is, me and my friend could not stop joking during the movie, darthvader dude who is trying to get a girl, he was run over once, but twice and the second time when he drove it sounded like that as if he said sh! #, although it does not speak English. If you watch this movie, you'll think that all the other movies you did not like were obviously much better than that. This film should be seen from both curiosity and the film DEFINES Lame. The evil snake met the girl as many times as it was ridiculous, the evil snake simply roared, roared and let her escape each time. The evil snake had so many chances that when God tried to say, hurry up and eat the girl, how many miracles do you want. The transition between scenes makes you wonder if I missed something? So many holes in the story from stage to scene. I was laughing like crazy when they decided to "Escape to Mexico" to escape the snake. Hmmmm, jumping across the border will save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I think skipping the border solves all problems. Another scene that completely stunned me ... they met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach, they kissed and did not even know each other ... the scene was so clichéd and not a substance at least in other films it may seem logical, but I mean, they are ONLY METALS, although they are reincarnations, there the feelings were as if they were in love immediately, not developing. In any case, this movie is worth watching to open your eyes and see the light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like heaven compared to this. In the end it is worth watching that you will not be bored, that you will be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
