"Hollywood Hotel" is associated with many films, such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies", about someone who won the competition, including a contract to shoot films in Hollywood, just to find a way to the famous street traps or non-existent. In fact, as I watched it at Turner Classic Movies tonight, I was wondering if the authors of the later musical classic "Singing In The Rain" could take some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel" and especially the temperamental lady with the star in the movie studio and the conclusion concerning one person singing a movie score, while another person gained recognition by speaking on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of making movies in the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, who plays alone (and despite some negative comments I have seen, she has a very immersive personality on the screen and natural control over her lines). He is not the only real person in the scenario. Perc Westmore, a make-up artist, briefly appears as a person who tries to look like another character. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of the young Mr. Ronald Reagan, who plays radio interview in the premiere of the film. Reagan really does well in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no one Dick Powell has any intention of taking over the microphone when it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a contract with Hollywood in the competition and leaves his job as a saxophonist in the Benny Goodman band. Incidentally, the beginning of this movie is impressive because the band drives a parade of trucks to say goodbye to Powell. In the end, they sing "Hooray For Hollywood." The interesting thing about this great number is that the text has been deliberately omitted. In Johnny Mercer's lyrics, there are references to Hollywood such as Max Factor, the make-up king, Rin tin can, and even Tarzan. But the original lyric song was about looking like Tyrone Power. Of course, Jack Warner and his brothers did not intend to advertise the main character of the 20th Century Fox, and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any case, the number showed the singers and instrumentalists of the Goodman orchestra at its best. Like the subsequent five-minute fragment of the film in which the band exercises. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his friend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to discover that he is a contract player (most likely in the case of musicals with the participation of saxophonists). He meets him Allen Joslyn, studio publicist (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad man, but he is busy and has a tendency to move away from people, unless you have to talk to them. He parks Powell in a Hollywood hotel room, where he also shares a temperament star (Lola Lane) with his father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her sensible, cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", but her voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, a scene stealing easily several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when he's not wrapped in his ego) is fully aware of it. After she was ready to go beyond the usual role she wanted, she refuses to participate in the premiere of her latest film. Joslyn finds a double role for her (true sister Lola Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is preparing to play the star at the premiere and the next party. But she attends Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This leads to powell Powell on Mowbray when he makes a pest of himself. But otherwise the evening is a success, and when they are together, they start to attract each other. <br /> <br /> Complications involve Lola's return and Powell's blow to the face after Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his bandit gang"). The Powell contract is bought. Working with Ted Healey, the photographer who became an agent (in this movie it's not that bad - trying to even imitate Jolson at some point), they both try to find a job, ending up as a hamburger run by badly tempered Edgar Kennedy (number of spoiled dishes and singing customers in the restaurant gives Edgar a lot of time to make slow burns with enthusiasm). Eventually, Powell is "interrupted" when he is hired to be duped in the rip-off "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the final part of the movie in which Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help Powell show that it's his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's quite nice and attractive movie even now. The worst aspects are due to his time. A few jokes about African-Americans are no longer bearable (trying to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs the porter and remembers Joslyn that he would consider Powell's photographs too dark - do you understand?). Also a bit of Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, which is (say) too high, is not very bearable. Herbert's "Hoo-hoo" is a bit too much (too much time), but it was very popular in 1937. And the incident in which Healey almost gets into a fight at the premiere (this was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, still mysterious end of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the movie is quite good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
