The film begins with a girl with a mental defiance about bright yellow sneakers, looking up at the sky at the Madrid corner and enchanted by a passing plane. The film analyzes the lives of five women: Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel, who have a completely different life and choice of shoes. Their shoes are the first superficial and at the same time gaze-marked meaning that we reach to their delicate identities. In a theatrical and embroidered way, the podiatrist tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of the female soul of the soles of her feet. The assumption is risky and a bit fancy, but the tone and depth of the film require a daring draft for good. <br /> <br /> What can be light and superficial, quickly switches equipment with a perfect dysfunctional steam scene that leaves the viewer riveted for a few minutes, seeing love or lack of it, pain, confusion, hope, needs and escape mechanisms developing for minutes of different rooms in the house and the street, and finally below ... What a scene (!), but there will be others that will effectively follow the strong characteristics and direction shown in this passage of life. <br /> <br /> Going further, the woman lost her husband, whom she loved, inherited his children and a taxi, while another completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost waiting for a divorce? reproach, grief and remorse. New love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love a person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or maybe you think you can not love? Can you love and live life, even if it will always be hopeless? But are not these exactly the hopes and dreams that keep us here on earth and in the spectrum of relative happiness? There are many deep topics and the final act connects people and ideas in an existential crisis without a clear solution, final decision or effective treatment. Perhaps an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation of the life and artistry and intellect of the film. Live. Live again. Rewind the reel. Expose real, important; great stones (piedras) of life. The rest are just details.
