Several plot motifs are intertwined here around different female figures. The shoes they wear are an indicator of their worried life. They are all transformed at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is delayed and has a limited life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a shoe designer with problems and loses her boyfriend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) has lost her husband and is now raising children from her late wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a bored rich lady. <br /> <br /> Other characters are used to connect the five main female characters. In the story of the story, not everything is given out at the beginning: some connections are set surprisingly late in the movie and this adds experience. The motif of the footwear is brought to an extreme: for example, when Leire as a shoe designer and working in a shoe store, where he steals fainting shoes, breaks one of the heels. <br /> <br /> When editing small connections, they are created between scenes. The phone rings, the cigarette burns, the song, etc. It is used to make a connection and cut quickly. Frequent change of the plot makes it not boring or does not reach the level of television. It is heavily driven by music to give tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as a backdrop for the story, and shots from these cities serve to expand the story beyond the characters. One of the most moving shots is the situation in which Anita, who does the same walk every day, extends her walk and limits her life from the relative calm of the street to the busy main road: How well the space limitation has been visually translated. As with most Spanish films, many stories take place visually, using stories reminiscent of soap as a simple background. There is a poetic ending that is somewhat romantic and sentimental, but it is still beautiful. <br /> <br /> Because Ramón Salazar is too much in love with his material, he is too long. Some scenes are kitschy and soap-based, including acting (Adela's love life, Isabel's doctor). The motif of the shoe is exaggerated and is a weak metaphor. <br /> <br /> This is often compared with Magnolia, because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is more technically competent, but a bit mechanical. It has a greater ability to visually translate emotions and atmosphere. After watching this, you are willing to immediately move to the new movie city: Madrid.
