I recently came back and watched the movie again without seeing it for years. When I saw the movie for the first time, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now that I've seen it, I could not believe what I had missed all these years. To be able to watch movies, what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel as if the music was the best, but I do not think it's true. Most people do not realize how good this story is because it is judged by the actor. The truth is that no one in the movie really tried to act, they were just themselves. The entire main cast simply played alone. They did not try to be anything else but themselves. <br /> <br /> I actually looked and analyzed the work and effort put into the film. Now, from my perspective, the situations shown in the film are largely based on what actually happened in Minneapolis music at the time and most of the things that happen are in fact the real events that took place in Prince's career. and who can say it better than him? Music coming from the city at that time began to be recognized and be revolutionary. It was interesting to see how music was very influential mainly in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry", where in reality Prince, among other musicians, began his career. It is also known that Prince and Morris Day have always competed with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So history will basically play on this competitive aspect of competition, not on friendship, which shows the real competitive side of what happened in the club "First Avenue". The time has come. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is good is that some of the situations in the movie are actually based on the events that Prince passed in his life with a musical and personal aspect. For me, it made the movie more realistic when it comes to emotions because it tells me about the trials and the anguish before the superstar. In addition, his dedication to his performances is phenomenal. Prince made sure that every moment in the film was perfectly made. Every time you hear a song in a movie, it's perfectly in sync with the situation. <br /> <br /> The prince is a musical genius in general and has proven it on many occasions. This movie is what really put Prince on the map and has not slowed down since then. Anyone who has watched the movie or still (unbelievably) has not watched it yet, when you sit down and watch this movie, you have to watch it with your intellect or you miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, it's definitely a movie to watch. Above what someone else says, I think it is a great movie to watch and own.
