This is one of the best films from Bollywood for years. Certainly the best this year so far. Indian to the core, panoramic visuals, eye-pleasing dialogues and melodic and soft music make the film unique. An appropriate picture of Indian values ​​and culture makes the viewer look for their roots in them and enliven the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and new life. <br /> <br /> This video is intended for viewers who enjoy the call to their imagination and philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to arouse your nerves in action, sex or horror, this movie is not for you, because you'll find that the movie is not full of 90-degree twists. It is a story as simple as possible. But this is the art of the film. You get real life experience, and the best part is that this experience is full of value and hope. It's about the positive side of life, about the sweet things God has showered on people, in contrast to the regressive movies that insist on showing demons, terrorists and the underworld. It's not about things and people who went wrong. It's about good that's still going on, and that keeps the world running. Of course, each movie genre is worthy of respect, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a film that flows against the current and tries to open the eyes of public opinion to the hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> Having said that, here's more ... <br /> <br /> The film is a journey of a couple from engagement to an arranged marriage - yes, it's true, the arrangement of marriage and the couple get to know only by parents and they learn to love. A six-month break between engagement and marriage is a long time, not full of "tempting" events, but one that sustains growing love and devotion to each other. They learn together the meaning of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives and work to strengthen the bond of marriage. But have they been strengthened enough? Their relationship will face not only time, but also fortune. Will they pass this test? That is what Vivah is all about.
