Last night I finished watching Jane Eyre again (1983), a BBC mini-series adapted from the novel Charlotte Bronte "Gothic romance", which is definitely a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke as Jane Eyre, poor orphaned 18-year-old girl, governess at Mr. Rochester's estate in Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" was one of my most beloved books since I was an 11-year-old girl, and my friend gave it to me with the words "This book is amazing" and that's how it was and I read it dozens times and I'm still not tired. His beautiful language, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh, dialogues, and above all the two main characters and the story of their impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been repeatedly adapted to television and large screen, 18 according to IMDb. Actors such famous and great as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton, played a couple who overcame hundreds of social obstacles, rights, religions, by age differences, origin, experience and fatal mistakes that would hunt for many years. Of all these films, I only saw one 300-minute version of the BBC from 1983, which follows the novel carefully, and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark, meditated figures, did not play Edward Rochester wonderfully and classy, ​​IT WAS Rochester - sardonic, alive, force of nature, powerful, passionate, sexy and tormented master Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was also convincing as a sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane who feels deep and full of passion combined with clear reasoning and a quiet but firm will. <br /> <br /> Added on September 17, 2007: During the last two weeks I saw five "Jane Eyre" films and it was a great experience. In every Jane Eyre adaptation is something that you can admire, even if not all of them are completely successful. This version is still my favorite movie "Jane Eyre".
