Playing characters from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor paying for the pleasure of a fleshy character, competing with the fantasies of generations of readers? not to mention many other actors who previously besieged the castle. Fortunately for fantasy people, this version ?? with nicely planted Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? stands on the head and shoulders over the versions that came after it. This is the right length to do full justice, and to a great extent uses the cracking of the Bronte dialogue; nothing of this modern meddling, cutting out the text and adding new and worse scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the main characters and the circumstances of life that lead them. Jane ?? "Poor, simple and small"? she grows up on the stinting charity of her cold aunt, her character and independence shaped by a long spell in a very rough school. He comes as a governess at Mr. Rochester's house, completely without friends and alone. Reproductive habitually is a duty and difficult experience, but its passionate nature quickly finds its touch in its raw, keenly intelligent, enigmatic master, to which he is attracted, as he is for her, forces beyond their control. Rochester is a tiger in a cage, busy "paving hell with energy"; potentially dangerous for everyone who has contact with him? but "permeable, through a crack or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary freedoms with paid subordinates; but then Jane is not an ordinary worker, as she sees. But the dark secret and hard tests lie before them both. <br /> <br /> I am happy to hear the extraordinary Bronte dialogue, which are used by such outstanding actors? In particular, Dalton seems shaped from the passion on the Brontov scale. If you've ever seen him as an unremarkable Bond, you missed what he's best at. Those who commented that his Rochester is too handsome, miss the heart of these dramatisations: his character just has too much time to screen, so that a really ugly man will keep the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or always handsome, but often eye-catching, striking, as he should. And Zelah Clarke's Jane is not a wallflower; conveys the emotions of a woman who very effectively proves her sense of humor and passionate nature, letting her rare explosions show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not so long ago the BBC emitted the perfect dramaturgy of Jean Rhys' enlightened and most disturbing retort on Bronte, the "Broad Sargasso Sea," imagining the story of the first Mrs. Rochester. Check it out? you will never see the "hero" Jane Eyre again in the same way.
