The production of BBC Jane Jane from 1983 with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and always will be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you're watching a different version of Jane Eyre without reading a book, it's like watching an ordinary movie that you'll forget the next day. But watching it is almost equal to reading a book. When I was young, I often watched the miniseries and inspired me to read the book. At the time, I did not pay attention to how close the television production was to the book. I recently watched Jane Eyre's 1996 version and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours and there were not many important scenes from the book (such as my favorite gypsy scene). Then I fell in love with "Jane Eyre" even more because it contains all the important scenes from the book and just tells the whole story (other versions do not, if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> Cast 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (quite handsome to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is as wonderful as Rochester, that I can not imagine anyone playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is without a doubt the only Jane who follows the book's description. Another thing that makes this movie so great is the clothes and make-up of the actors. Jane looks as modest and naive as Bronte describes her (although he does not look like 18, but are you really paying attention? ...) <br /> <br /> Some people say that "Jane Eyre" is too long, but I would rather spend the whole day watching it than spending 2 hours watching another version. Some say the movie is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate it when they make Jane Eyre a "Hollywood movie" with inappropriate kissing scenes. You do not have to turn on the scenes of "crazy, madly in love" to show love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that no other scenes are needed !! I am 19 years old and many girls of my age describe this film as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can sympathize with them only because they underestimate the purity and beauty of this. After all, the novel takes place in the nineteenth century, and this old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more similar to a book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will ever be any other version of Jane Ayre that will have popularity and love for this. Regardless of who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
