I recently saw this production on DVD. This was the first time I saw him because it was originally broadcast in 1983 and was just as good as I remembered. At first it was feared that it would look old-fashioned and I suppose it is a bit outdated and very verbal, as it was in the case of BBC series. (I miss those wonderful costume dramas that seemed to be always on Sunday afternoons). But besides, it's as perfect as it could be. I am a little purist of "Jane Eyre" because it is my favorite book and I have never seen another production that would be true to this book. Recently I read the book again and some of the dialogue is in place. Reading the scene at the end, where Rochester asks Jane what St. John looked like, I noticed that their words were accurately reproduced on screen by Dalton and Clarke and they were done perfectly. <br /> <br /> All the other productions that have been made seem somewhat devoid of some, some even omit the Rivers family and their connection to Jane. I also think that this is the only production in which the Gypsy scene is correctly made. <br /> <br /> Casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane described in the book "small ordinary and dark", and I do not agree with it that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a bit too handsome, but he is absolutely perfect as Rochester, presenting every aspect of his character and playing socks! I agree with another comment that it seems sometimes quite scary, like on stage, when he slowly turns back to the church, when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically terrifying. But in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful when in the morning he runs up the stairs and to his arms after they declare mutual love. Love that is wonderfully presented and completely reliable. Oh, to be loved by such a man! There were, however, a few scenes that were strangely lacking, for example when Jane comes to bed with dying Helena, and also when Rochester takes Jane for wedding shopping (I thought she was in it, but maybe my memory plays tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see Jane Eyre's next production - you just see it the perfection!
