* SPOILER ALERT: I would like to be able to discuss it without revealing specific plot points, but I can not. Sorry. <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDb review of the George C. Scott movie, when I came across the summary and reviews of this version. It had so many positive reviews that I decided to order them, even though: (a) being cut and thrown, I thought George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) Rochester book to T; and (b) even when looking at the DVD cover, I thought: "Is Timothy Dalton not too handsome for this role?" This last problem was strengthened by the fact that I decided to read the book again while the DVD was ordered. That said, as soon as I started to watch it, I was fascinated. At first it was unsettling when I heard 40s dialogues, spoken as written - with little or no modernization attempts - but Dalton and Clarke rushed in so thoroughly that I really liked the adapters that trusted the public to follow archaic speech. An additional advantage was having such a large part of the book on the screen. I know someone who does not want to see any version of Jane Eyre because "who wants to see a movie about a man who is holding a poor mad woman in the attic?" To be honest, if someone who did not read the book came across an hour and a half, he would think that all this is associated with the whole story - the Rochester secret and its impact on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version applies to Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized casting. Dalton is too beaten; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue with the first point, but he is so "right now" that I believe he is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is excellent. Jane Eyre is quiet, guarded. If anyone remembers a book, so much of the passion and passion of adults Jane appears during her private struggles. Some of them criticize me. Reviewers say Clarke is too short or too little. The book goes on forever about how small and simple Jane is. Mrs. Clarke should not be high, and the filmmakers had to tone down her appearance so that Jane's declarations of her lack of beauty would be credible. It will barely help her if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between the tubes. What?!! The scene in which Jane finally comes out of her room after the wedding fiasco vibrates with passion and longing, sadness and regret - and this is just the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other critical remarks. I also missed more scenes with Helen Burns and Rivers siblings. Part of the dialog was strangely truncated. When Rochester declares: "Jane, you judge me badly. I do not hate her because she is angry. " I waited for the rest of the exchange, when Rochester explains, as if Jane were going crazy, would still love her and care for her. This is a powerful moment in the book and I would like it to be included. I think it was a mistake to put a scene with Rochester in a part of the story in which Jane is alone. It could have been done for clarity, but I found it shocking. I wanted the sly humor of the scene, in which Jane judges that Rochester's enthusiasm will cool down and become rough again, but maybe "like" her again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare error is glaring - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor who makes a crying scene, not as a Rochester. When it comes to sets, if you've ever caught an episode from the 60's Dark Shadows, you know what to expect - very raw and sometimes rickety interiors. Others commented accurately and succinctly about Rochester makeup. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is too rapid. After all this torment and uncertainty I wanted a more rounded finish. And on my DVD copy, having credits at the beginning and end of all eleven 25-30 minute episodes becomes a bit too much. Having said that, I am happy that I have this movie and I will watch it many times.
