There are many adaptations of the classic novel Charlotte Brontë "Jane Eyre", and taking into account the numerous reviews written about them, there is a lively discussion which one is the best. All adaptations of short films suffer from the fact that you simply can not push the entire story of the novel into a movie lasting about 100 minutes. length, as a consequence these films only show a few parts of the novel. The television series proved to be a more appropriate format for rendering all episodes from the heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini TV series, released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all adaptations of Jane Eyre and a striking example of a completely overrated movie. Beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by insipid and trivial, and the key scenes are either removed or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. All this leads to the fact that the characters portrayed have nothing to do with Rochester and Jane novels and behave in the exact opposite way, as described in the book, but also their behavior and language are absolutely inconsistent with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. It is a stupid soap opera in which the actors look and behave as if by mistake they were put in costumes from the 1850s. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call herself) is really a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very loyal to the novel, because the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are rendered nearly full-length. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and intricate to seem natural when it is spoken on the screen, and the continuous interruption of dialogue by Jane's voice gives the impression of artificiality and astonishment. And despite the fidelity of the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. The portrait of Jane Sorch Cusack as a bold, confident, global wisdom of a young woman is completely contrary to the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not have the commanding physical presence or charisma necessary to play Rochester. Despite the decent adaptation, it simply does not reflect the passion and intensity of the novel and never really enchants the audience. <br /> <br /> All version '73 bugs have been corrected in the '83 mini 'television series with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Though from the point of view of purists, Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and thin to be a Rochester, he has the basic features of a role: he has an impressive physical presence, great magnetism and an atmosphere of self-confidence and authority. And despite his undeniable beauty, he looks bleak and austere to persuade him into the dark master Thornfield. But the perfection of its implementation lies in the fact that it captures all aspects of the Rochester character. Of all the actors who played in Rochester, he is the only one who captured them all: Rochester severity, almost impudence, his moods and violence, as well as humorous side, tenderness, caring and deep, crazy love. Dalton's language support of Charlotte Brontë is just as great. Even the most sophisticated and complex thoughts of Rochester are absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. He is a definite Rochester, unsurpassed and unsurpassed, and after seeing him in this role, it is impossible to imagine a Rochester that would be played in any other way or by any other actor. performance in a role that can be even harder to play than the one in Rochester. It accurately depicts Jane from the novel, a shy, restrained and guarded young woman who, however, has a great depth of feelings and equally great willpower. It beautifully captures the duality of Jane's character: her modesty and respect on the one hand, her fire and passion on the other, her apparent fragility and indomitable sense of good and evil. She and Dalton have great chemistry, and their scenes together are pure delight. <br /> <br /> Regarding fidelity to the literary model, this version quotes literally from the novel, like the version from '73, but with one important difference: Dialogues are shortened in this version, but the basic lines that are important for characters' characteristics and plot development remain unchanged. In this way, the screenwriter avoided any artificiality of speech, while fully preserving the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Brontë. Unlike the earlier version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is perfectly captured. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is tracked with even greater accuracy than in the '73 series. It is almost a stage scene for a novel in which equal time and emphasis is placed on every episode of Jane's life. This is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre, who has a gypsy stage worthy of the novel and the only one that fully reflects the key and most moving scene of the novel, when Jane and Rochester meet after a broken wedding. Timothy Dalton in particular plays this scene with excellent skills. With an almost painful intensity, he reveals the distress of Rochester when he realizes that Jane decides to leave him, his mad attempts to make him remain his final despair when he leaves him. It is a poignant, almost destructive scene that will remain with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> With even smaller roles perfectly populated, a great script and two ideal leading actors is the final and only true "Jane Eyre".
