It's not enough to call this episode brilliant. To say that he maintains an excellent job during the season's premiere is also reductive, because so far there has never been an episode with Sopranos that would not be too long. In fact, the title can be a nice invitation for those who are not yet real fans: Join the club ... <br /> <br /> Raising to where the Junior ended (putting a bullet into his nephew's stomach after mistake for a cheater, which he killed in the first season), the story begins when Tony is absolutely fine. Not remembering what happened to him, he attends a convention. Only he does not speak with his normal accent and it seems that something is wrong with his papers: apparently it is not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what a group of people think and until the mess is resolved, he can not leave his hotel . <br /> <br /> Naturally, in the pure soprano tradition, it turns out that it is just a dream: Tony is in a coma, doctors uncertain about his fate, families and friends worried about the sick, and Junior did not want to believe that everything happened. Unfortunately, this happened, and Anthony Jr. I want to take revenge on my father's life attempt. <br /> <br /> Dreams appeared quite often in the series, often as a kind of spiritual rehearsal for the heroes (first of all in the fifth season, show a test dream). Join the Club, however, takes metaphysical features of the program, as already mentioned in the use of William S. Burroughs's poem from the previous episode, and moves the envelope in the most daring way: Tony hallucinates about his dead friends (the first occurrence of this kind was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing that in reality, what seems to be purgatory is radically different. The "heavenly" part of this story is filled with allegorical meanings, not just the name of Tony (as one character indicates, writing it in a certain way will give you the word "infinity") and nothing goes out that exaggerated or overstated: David Chase created a work that is too intelligent to use strange settings only for themselves; all this helps in the narrative. Talking about "helping in advance" in the case of Tony Soprano, however, may be a little stretching.
