Okay, I did not get the purgatory for the first time when I watched this episode. It seemed that something significant was happening, that I could not resist. This time, those fires on the Costa Mesa on television really caught my attention - and it helped me write an essay about Inferno! But let me see what else was NOT discussed ... <br /> <br /> The TWOP review mentioned that Tony had 7 stairs to get down because of a broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious ones, but here is one more for you. On the feeling I checked Wikipedia and guess what Dante divided into 7 levels? Purgatorio. Without ante-Purgatory and Paradise. (Things at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can not get.) <br /> <br /> To the allegedly "accidental" scene of the monk's cheek. As soon as monks appeared, he fit perfectly where Tony tried to get out of Purgatory. One could say that he was worried when this Christian advertisement appeared (death, illness and sin), and he is becoming more and more desperate because the Christian sky looks a little uncertain. Before he meets the monks, he thinks, "Hey, maybe these guys can help me?" Which sounds like contemplating other religions (eg, Buddhism) and wondering if some other path could lead him to "salvation." It's not that Tony necessarily thinks about becoming a Buddhist, but it looks like Finnerty tried it (and got it mixed up). This blow to the face basically tells Tony that there is no quick repair - as in no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> Tony initially did not care about getting into the sky. But at "entering the conference" he realizes that it will not be easy. At first I saw the name and the problem with the driver's license as Tony leading a kind of double life, what about killing people and sleeping around, which he kept secret from most people. He feels at ease when he is having an affair with quasi-Melfi because he is "Kevin Finner." He learns that he can fool some people with KF cards like receptionists at a hotel, but he can not get him out of purgatory. These helicopters - helicopters of Heaven? - they follow him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> However, after reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", it seems that KF's identity reminds you of the infinities of different paths that Tony could have in his life. Probably with a car joke involving Infiniti, who did not make any sense to me. Aaa and at this point my brain stops working.
