In what seems to be an attempt to combine drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film: "Things that make life worthwhile. "It's not the original discovery, the voice you have (by the way, off the stage), but it's a bit different from the norm in the Spanish cinema. The downside is that the elements forming the film are poorly connected, and while some of the points are not well developed, others are out of place, the day in the lives of two people close to middle age, basically the same movie as Gómez Pereira Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a desktop movie (parado), which despite the heaviness on the back of the drama, seems to want to see things that change, but only this explains his commitment to a minor can mark a turning point in his existence, according to Audrey Tautou from "Long dating" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says to himself: "If I find a coin in front of the corner that will change my happiness now. "Of course he will find him, he starts to play" Today can be a great day "(Hoy puede ser un gran dia) by Joan Manuel Serrat and on several crosses along the way Hortensia (Ana Belen). , divorced and a little lonely Take a valerian to sleep, organize a birthday as a model mother, told her faith in God and leads to the speed of a deadly mother Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in his behavior, life went in his head-management data as "70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime "and he said he lacks Jorge and the unemployed and does not rule out that it is a" sadistic "dream in a movie theater. Later there was communion, dancing in a luxurious wedding banquet, the back of the car and other things that players they seem to experience such exceptional experiences, but they end quite hard for the viewer. "Things that make life worthwhile" a debate between us is the drama of two adult people who have no other, which leads them to see where their strange relationship and vice versa, make us treat the matter as a comedy, focusing on things like Chinese singing at a wedding (which seem to be fun in itself) or a drunk person walk. The problem is that it does not leave us time to connect with players, so we can not identify with drama and not give us a solid comic, leaving everything but a pure joke. In the end, everything is mixed up in such a way that the viewer does not know very well anymore, whether to laugh or cry, and end up not to do. And it is true that something is not perceived a thousand times, it is not the kind of movie that we find to bend every angle, but it is not sufficiently different or unique as we want. Ana Belén (who is much less than 53 years old in this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who really like to work, but this time they seem to be ready enough or comfortable in scenes that require him to break the calm that prevails in the film, So in moments like "accident" with children from the bar it seems to be slipping out of the hands. Perhaps this is a very dramatic change that must happen, but that does not justify lowering our vigilance. In any case, both translators are easily erected as the climax of the function. "Things that make life worthwhile" only work to a modest level of entertainment. Any claim that goes beyond this point has not been met, as a romantic or dramatic comedy, we suppose, they wanted to do it, they can not allow small moments to be successful (except for the bad one), as one of the character talk and laugh, lost drunk, compared with a boy who in part remains in a coma. He does not do much for people like Rosario Pardo, making a typical friend start playing, whose biggest contribution to the movie is the phrase "must be screwed in", and the songs from the soundtrack, although significant, do not just match. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has its hits (some moments with the participation of Jose Sacristan), but the whole is a tale of an anodynia, a film with good intentions and a nice result, when the better.
