"Flavia, la monaca muslman" alias. "Flavia the Heretic" from 1974 is a really disturbing and uncompromising piece of the Italian Exploitation cinema, which to some extent follows the feminist premise (although the level of confusion and brutality is likely to outrage the majority of feminists). "Flavia the Heretic" can be described as "Nunsploitation", mainly in the monastery, and together with the nun as the title main character (great performance by the wonderful Florinda Bolkan). However, this movie differs quite drastically from the typical Nunsploitation movies of that time, because it does not focus so much on nunsploitation elements, like lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishments etc. Personally, I've seen more similarities to Hexploitation films from time such as "Mark of the Devil "(though he does not treat witches), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and the early modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After her despotic father killed a wounded Muslim soldier, young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a convent. When her father condemns a nun to exhausting death for a few years later, the disgust of Falvia against men's violence against women turns into hatred of the despotic church, and she joins the Arab group of padliners ... <br /> <br /> One thing is certain: "Flavia the Heretic" is not intended for people with weak hearts, or for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi apparently tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his nasty scenes. Many scenes of torture and executions are extremely disturbing, with injuries, spikes and other macabre scenes in clear detail, the most shocking scene that is probably the torture of a young nun at the beginning of the film. However, violence is never superfluous. After all, these macabre methods were a reality at the moment the film began. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings, elegant photos and the great result of Nicola Piovani. Stunningly beautiful and wonderful Florinda Bolkan has proven her talent in many great productions of Italian cults (including Giallo Fulci's Giallo-masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" from 1972). It provides another wonderful charismatic performance here and I can not imagine another actress fitting the role she has. The film has some minor inconsistencies (eg Why a stiff church allows bizarre worshipers to monasteries). However, it is amazing how realistic this movie is. "Flavia the Heretic" definitely should not be overlooked by my fellow Italian Exploitation Cinema fans. This is a great Exploitation flick, although it is certainly deeply depressing and should be watched in the right mood. I highly recommend fans of disturbing operating cinema. 7.5 / 10
