Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable work of art and probably my first recommendation to say that the cinema that exploits the euro is seriously underestimated and should not be ignored. It's a smart and complex movie, beautifully realized and ?? surprise ?? damn accurate! It's more than just meaningless insults or unjustified violence. It is high time that these prudish film commissions, which recognize Flavia as a forbidden garbage, also recognize it. Flavia is a beautiful teenager from the fourteenth century, forced to live an obedient nun in a strict convent. He refuses to accept that he is worse only because he is a woman and he curses his sister for being so tolerant. After a fruitless attempt to escape, he befriends another rebellious nun, and even runs a branch of bloodthirsty Muslims to the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a hypnotic movie! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make him look so realistically and so disturbingly. I challenge you to come up with a title that focuses more on the topic of pioneering feminism than Flavia. A few sequences are quite shocking (on the verge of horrible events), because the camera introduces brutal rapes, torture and mutilation. However, all these unprocessed recordings do not only serve to satisfy the depraved gorehounds. I am deeply convinced that they are part of the "Flavia" statement that is trying to communicate: humanity (in particular, the Catholic Church) has historically proven itself to be a hypocritical and discriminating race, and there is no point in denying it. Films like "Flavia, Heretyk" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors, and I really admire them. Flavia is an outstanding and fundamental exploitation film because of its content, but it is even elevated to a higher level thanks to wonderful pictures, wonderful costumes and scenery and the breathtaking music of Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and stubborn nun, but María Casares steals the show as sister of Agatha. She is a man hating and a loudly in love nun who likes to urinate in an open field! Amen, sister!
