I felt that this film concerns both human sexuality as well as deliberately or not. We were also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to admit to such an important event in the country, forgetting at the same time about the past of our "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women simply have the right to vote 60 years ago, and female engineering engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once completely masculine, the business world was completely off for women in America until recently, and women in China had legs tied up, so they could not develop feet strong enough to escape their husbands. Iran is in a convenient way going through this stage in our time, and we are looking at how funny we all looked at at one time or another. Returning to the issue of sexuality, we wonder what can be inseparably connected with women who make them unfit to play football (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially girls boys, a pair so much that you even feel that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one thing is that not all women are the same, and women who the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones that would try to enter at all. The initial scenes of approaching the stadium make you appreciate the bravery of young women who are trying to get in - and each separately - at all. It is the world of a brutal man. Any woman brave enough to try to leave should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not universal for everyone. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, detained criminal girls are bound inside a makeshift pen waiting for their deportation to the one who knows where and in a much more subtle way, start to involve guards guarding them. They had specific ideas about women and femininity that were questioned in advance. The change in attitude is cold but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is pure Iran from the first moment, it requires some relief for the foreigner, but the characters have a special way of addressing you and you end up getting the whole picture and even understanding the misunderstanding of men and loosening them. The alleged villain is the invisible patriarchate of the Ayatollahs, which remains invisible and unnamed, and is probably not remembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this movie was filmed during the actual event of the Iran-Bahrain match, I have a sense of admiration for everyone involved.
