What do you think the average person would know more or less about Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, both are at the forefront of the latest film by the controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi called "Offside", a story that uses football or access to football as a background for a series of scenes revolving around the right to do something or to go somewhere and the right of the individual to extend courtesy, if and when they want. The strange thing is that you do not leave Offside when you know about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it's education in Panahi's controversial style), but you've gone, feeling enlightened that at least someone from Iran has taken up a controversial issue , which is apparently still in force in a nation like Iran, and would be happy to introduce it to an international audience instead of using it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure that many people can. It was summer after my first year at the university and after the slogan, which was my first year, the summer of the football world championships worked like a nicely set tonic. Needless to say, I saw practically every strip of games that they showed at the same time at the very end of the group stages to avoid accidents, as seen in Spain '82, when it was decided that western Germany and Austria received a result between them who would see them both at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Who in Britain watched the BBC broadcast from Iran? The match in Mexico, the first tournament of both nations, may remember that at the top of the show, BBC football presenter Gary Lineker released a malicious comment to introduce the match. It looked like this: "We've seen giants from Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands, but now we see ......... Mexico and Iran are fighting." The emphasis on the last two being inferior was clear and perhaps watching them was a chore. It's a pity, because there are people and movies like Offside who really want to see Iran to the point that they risk prosperity to achieve it, and it's sad when people in power reject what they think is "worse" when there are others who will do anything to have a chance for other engagement. <br /> <br /> When I think about the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup" right away, my mind goes back to playing France '98 between the aforementioned nation and America. Here's a movie about the kind of World Cup matches that Iran is taking part in, but some or even most Iranian filmmakers may decide to tell a story about the famous Iranian victory over the United States and what it means to them, director Panahi decides to look at it what happens behind the scenes and presents the history of the stands, because women are excluded from football matches and can not live in ecstasy winning in a game of enormous strength. You can imagine a hard-film movie describing Iran's "victory" as a heavy propaganda film intended to be used, because it "overcomes" the western power or "enemy" in sport, which was probably not expected of them. <br /> <br /> Some of the films that come to mind when it comes to defeating their own unbeatable game are the Indian film "Lagaan" from 2001, in which Indian peasants beat the ruling British in the cricket. Similalry, "The Game of Their Lives" from 2005, He sees that the Americans defeat the English during a football match only this time in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and Offside are enormous; Offside looks at the situation behind the state's mentality and dares to discover the essence of feminism, as the girls try to see how their beloved Iran overcomes Bahrain and qualifies for the World Cup are rounded like animals and kept in the primitive purgatory just feet from a barred window, which would allow them to see the game. The reasoning is related to the vulgar language that men "can" rather than prefer, but "can" use while playing. The film shows Iran as so incompetent that it can not take away the right to swear an oath and prohibit bad language, but must ban the woman's right to watch the game together? no wonder Panahi's film was banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers to turn on what makes this rule crazy in the first place, often allowing your female characters to both smoke and use cell phones, Two things, that doctors and scientists think are much more dangerous to the human body / mind than listening to foul language during a football match. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his film Offside, which in itself is the adjudication in the details of football, when the "attacker" is "caught" trying to gain an advantage in the field of the game. Parallels run with the position of women in the film because these advances (presumably without right) are caught while trying to place one in the opposition team; it is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the better movies from the Middle East and the Gulf area that I've seen. It is a tight but humble movie about people who do not carry any acting story according to IMDb, and therefore the game is raw and true, adding to this all the peculiar neorealistic aura. Immediate ending is haunting, and a continuous, verbal battle between male soldiers and women who dare to defy the state is wonderful. I also think that anyone who really does not like the movie for the reasons I mentioned, shows a clear level of soullessness, whether or not you work in Iranian government.
