In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in men's sports events, apparently to "protect" them from the curses and vulgar language that they can hear from male fans (so because men can not stop or behave, women are forced to suffer, go.) . "Offside" tells about half a dozen young women who dressed as men try to sneak into a high-stakes match between Iran and Bahrain, who in 2005 qualified Iran for the World Cup (the film was actually filmed in large part during this game). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a piece of comedy that will remind you of all these great humanities ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves" Blonde, "Trains up close", etc.) that flowed from communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Prague Miracle" in the mid-1960s. As with many of these works, "Offside" is more interested in watching life than coming up with any intricately made-up fictional narrative. Indeed, it's the simplicity of configuration and naturalistic style that makes the film so effective. <br /> <br /> When they discover their trick, the girls are bent into a small pen just in front of the stadium, where they hear noisy cheering from inside the game. They are stuck where they are, all they can do is beg the guards to let them enter, guards who are basically clumsy, good-natured boys who are forced to perform their duties as part of compulsory military service. Even the majority of men entering the stadium do not seem particularly concerned about letting these women in. Nevertheless, the ban persists. However, how can you not be impressed by the true courage and courage of those women who are fighting against a system that still enforces such ridiculously regressive and archaic restrictions? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to get together because of the cause or to make a "point." They are simply obsessive fans with a burning desire to watch a football game and, like all men in the country, support their team. <br /> <br /> It's difficult to say how many dialogues are scripted and how much of it is temporary, but in both cases the actors, with their wonderfully expressive faces, do a great job, making every moment seem completely real and convincing . Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are remarkable outstanding figures in a uniformly perfect cast. The structure of the film is also very loose and free, because the screenwriter / director Jafar Panahi and co-scriptwriter Shadmehr Rastin focus on a few short moments in one or two characters, and then smoothly and effortlessly move on the other. Thanks to such a documentary approach, we begin to feel that we are witnessing a real event taking place in "real time". We often forget that we are watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very wise move on the part of filmmakers to include a lot of good-natured humor (this is what Czech filmmakers did), the better to indicate the total absurdity of the situation and expand the attractiveness of the film for both domestic and foreign recipients . Offside is, of course, a call for justice, but it is all the more effective that it refuses to present its story of a serious tragedy. Instead, he realizes that nothing breaks down social barriers as effectively as humor and appeal to the ordinary humanity of the audience. And is this not true art? In its quiet, subtle style, "Offside" is one of the best underestimated jewels from 2007.
