Panahi, whose previous films, such as The Circle and Crimson Gold, seemed to weigh from dreary to gloomy, produced in his new Offside a funny, implacable, joyfully chaotic song that ends with a note of liberation and hearty fun? however, the film deals with material as difficult and as important as everything he did. Focusing on a group of die-hard football fans caught entering the match before the World Championships in Bahrain and Iran at the Tehran stadium, Panahi raises questions of national spirit and independence and contradictions? and pure absurd? apartheid religious sex of the regime in the world of modern competition with the population of the majority of youth and urban girls who are increasingly thinking about themselves. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we are breathlessly joined by one of the girls on the bus, with father chasing the missing daughter. This one has a disguise and has a national color as a war painting, but we cower with it, knowing what will happen: it is still easily discernible. The thing is, most people around you do not really care. Nevertheless, rules are rules, and when they try to get through the various checkpoints on the way to a large stadium, would-be football girls, or at least some of them, are occupied in a small complex at the stadium by some mostly young, green and rustic cops- soldiers who have no idea how to deal with independent ideas of girls from a big city and prefer to watch the game? whose roar we still hear in the background? themselves. Each girl is different? it represents a different set of reasons why you want to break the rules and different ways of doing them. One wore a soldier's uniform and entered the officer section. One is tough and masculine, mocking and provocative (she could be regarded as a beautiful boy and teasing him: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would you like me to be?"). We do not care about football, but we honored the deceased companion. One (Aida Sadeghi) is an ardent footballer? and so on. Tehrani are stubborn and sharp and walk around the tense country lieutenant who manages them (Safar Samandar). One of the country policewomen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the player's girlfriend to the men's toilet (of course there are no women), forcing her to wear a poster of the Italian football star as a mask. A comedy of errors and chaos follows, in which the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Later a spiffy looking van comes with an officer who directs the cops to take the girls to the Vice Department? violation of the principles of sexual segregation qualifies as a vice. Man mixes with them? kid who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into games. The van turns out not to be so spiffy: the radio antenna is damaged. But one policeman keeps him in place so that they can listen to more and more horrifying reportage. All cops and prisoners are now connected by common excitement. There is no score, the game goes to penalties and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, all this is a real game, a real stadium and real crowds of young men crazy result of this event. The excitement is enormous, and the streets are crowded with cars and flags, and the masses of supporters praying for Iranian winning and united in excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie as good as it can be clear is that it is filmed in the evening of a real game with a real finale that turns everything around. This, in contrast to the previously highly calculated Panahi narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous vérité movie that improvises with the captured background of real events and excites in a way that is quite exciting. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the discrepancy between modern world football madness and retro-Islamic social bans that suppress women? the latter exists at a time when young Iranian women become part of a global world in which women participate in sport and share the spirit of the national team spirit. How exactly do you reconcile the country's ambitions to become a modern global power with medieval social attitudes? Many Offisde are amazingly real, including the way everyone is trying to get out of everything. The director's decision to introduce young actors into a real mega-sporting event leads to a stunningly effective mix of documentary, polemics and fiction that is too energetic to seem like a bone to choose from, and it ends in a brilliant and moving way. <br /> <br /> I've had reservations about Panahi's films before, but he's kicking the ass. Panahi is doing something extraordinary here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with the sense of the nation's aspirations.
