In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in live sports events for fear of being "spoiled" by a bad language, the proximity of thousands of men and the fact that there are no women's toilets on outdated stadiums. On the basis of a real incident involving the daughter of Offside director Jafar Panahi, he follows six girls dressed as men who have been denied access to a football match in Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether Iran will go the World Championships. In moving away from the gloomy, minimalist films we have become accustomed to from Iran over the past decade, Offside is a lively comedy about patriotic fervor and universal appeal, but containing enough subversive social commentary to justify banning demonstrations in Iran. <br /> <br /> Filmed with a digital camera using unprofessional actors who are more than ready to do the job, the girls try to slip into the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but are arrested and placed outside the stadium. They are guarded by three young conscripts (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud), who express ambivalence as to their task but commit to abide by the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists and supporters of Iran's victory, but this does not discourage soldiers from stopping them when they wait for girls to be transported to the branch and uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Honestly, instead of behaving like victims, they constantly ask soldiers about the premises of limitations, making them absurdly obvious. Although they hear the noise of the crowd, women do not see the action, but they achieve a small victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to provide an expert commentary on the game. One of the funniest sequences is when a soldier escorted a female to a male room. A young recruit must then deal with riots when he has to stop anyone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Step by step, paraphrasing Adlai Stevenson, what unites them, turns to be greater than the one that separates them, and the unlikely antagonists gather around their country and take root in the victory that they will send Iran for the World Cup. Although this issue was taken up early and often, and the film collapses a bit inside, Offside makes a telling point about a society in which a political elite with a medieval social mentality has to contend with a growing group of educated and politically clever citizens. One can only hope that the world's pressure and the awakening of their own nation will force the Ayatollahs to come to terms with the 21st century.
