I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during the actual qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup, Offside is great as a comedy as well as a tragedy. The film presents the fate of a group of young women who are caught trying to slip into a football match at the Azadi stadium in Tehran. Muslim religious leaders have declared that women can not sit with men at sporting events so that they will not be exposed to curses and other morally questionable behavior. This did not stop the young fans of this country, which are still sneaking in using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been caught and is arrested in an agonal close-up to the action. They beg bored soldiers to let them leave, or at least let them watch the match. The soldiers tell them that they should not try to watch the game at home on television. They go back and forth in almost real time, while the game continues on, except for the camera. <br /> <br /> There is one very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls in the toilet. Since there are no women's toilets in the stadiums, he must clean the room of every man before he can let her enter. In addition, it makes it cover the face so that no one can see that he is a woman. This is achieved by the poster of the Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask, with pierced eye holes. <br /> <br /> You get a real sense that even soldiers are surprised by the ban and only carry out their orders to speed up the completion of compulsory military service. One soldier complains that he was supposed to be on vacation so that he could take care of his family's cattle in the countryside. Gradually, girls and soldiers talk to each other, and on both sides there are numerous small acts of kindness that show that they are basically good people living in horrible circumstances. However, the constant reminder by soldiers that the "commander" is on the way, gives a sense of danger, because we do not know what punishment women will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films that are known for their powerful visuals, Offside is shot in a realistic style without artificiality. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match with Bahrain, which took place on June 5, 2005. The "conspiracy" in many ways was determined by the result on the pitch. If Iran wins the match, they will qualify. If they got lost, they would not do it. Ever since the World Cup came and gone, I do not think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the match. The festivities at the end of the movie were real and spontaneous, which gave the film real authenticity. Seeing how much it means to people from Iran was deeply moving. <br /> <br /> Also one of the young women at the end of the movie refers to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match on March 25, just a few weeks earlier. They were trampled to death when the police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that it was a real tragedy, we've added another level of taking over the holidays. <br /> <br /> I do not want to go to long political contact, but this movie gave me real hope that there are those in Iran who hope to change and work on it. Iran is a nation of young people and it is only a matter of time before they occupy the place of their elders in the political sphere. Films like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite their current difficulties and I sincerely hope that their future is better.
