Loopy, but a clever and threatening Mafia boss Vic (excellent performance by Richard Dreyfuss) is released from the psychiatric hospital. Several of Vic's criminal colleagues, including Ben London's unstable supporter of Brass Balls (glorious manic and exaggerated portrait of Gabriel Byrne), smarmy Jake Parker (perfectly pleased Kyle MacLachlan) and malicious rival "Wacky" Jacky Jackson (neat phrase Burta Reynolds) everyone is trying to push Vic away. Meanwhile, the laid-back and self-assured murderer Mickey Holliday (nicely played with the low trust of Jeff Goldblum) is in the midst of this deadly madness. Screenwriter / director Larry Bishop brings an incredibly fashionable, quirky and original, idiosyncratic sensitivity to this wonderfully dark and deadly black comedy about betrayal, loyalty and ruthless ambition, dangerously amok. A cast with a bang has a day with a colorful grotesque gallery of rogue amorous amorous and treacherous bandits: Ellen Barkin as a hard, stuffy minor Rita Everly, Henry Silva as a reliable right man Vic Sleepy Joe Carisle, Gregory Hines as a philosopher smoothie Jules Flamingo, Diane Lane as sweet perky lover Vic Grace, Billy Drago as slimy Wells and Christopher Jones as a brutal artist Nicholas Falco. Bishop takes full advantage of his juicy secondary role as the deadly and deadly ace Nick. They appear in cool songs: Billy Idol as a stray bandit, Michael J. Pollard as unfortunate Red, Joey Bishop as a mortician, Mr. Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as a happy chauffeur and Richard Pryor as Jimmy the Gravedigger. The delightfully crazy duet of Byrne with singer Paul Anka on the subject of "My Way" evaluates as a clear addition to sideplitting. A tense and funny climactic Mexican attitude also tickles a funny bone, hysterical. The skillful cinematography of Frank Byers, the scandalous nutty dialogue, the jazz result of the Earl Rose cocktail and the soundtrack of the old, swings of gold antiques further underline the captivatingly quaint charm of this extremely entertaining one-of-a-kind curio.
