Anna (Ursula Andress) is introduced as the official R.N. by former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), allegedly for the care of an aging widower, Count Leonid Bottacina (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito leads a group of heirs and businessmen, including the American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jacek Palance), with hidden motives, reflected by what Anna hopes to achieve with the Count. He has a story, well, he liked women and he would be a bit more "vulnerable" when he was cured. The bad guys are derailed because Anna is not getting along and getting closer to the Count. The ending can be considered ironic, but is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the story - this movie is a completely erotic comedy, from the beginning to the end and oh, how good. There are many nude scenes, including the scenes of Anna and Jole, one of the malevolent heiress played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are notable women from the continent of ex-Bond and thus fulfill the fantasies of male viewers. As in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays femme fatale, though it's less elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is (slow) Anna's complete belt and jump into bed with the young Adone, the "other patient" (who is unbelievably resisting), trying to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this point it is already two-faced (for better), because she decided not to go further. However, Benito is more than just two women who have had long years in contact with both Anna and Jole, and the competitive best erotic scene follows the invective (to put it mildly) argument between him and Jole. This is a standing meeting, in which Luciana has only black pants. Another nice is Ursula, who swims completely in the pool. The Count, as a client, can freely put his hands on Ursula, where he wants to, and uses it. Hey, somehow I came back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include a fun chase behind a naked wine cellar. "Sensual nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it is pleasant without interruption, it starts to end. I definitely recommend it. <br /> <br />
