Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim). He also allowed his parents to stay in his big apartment in New York. But in some way he feels that his life is a bit empty. One day in the city he sees his old roommate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan had not seen Charlie for years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depressive man who hides his true feelings from people who look after him. Ever since Charlie unexpectedly lost her family in a plane crash, they were on one of the planes on September 11, 2001. When Alan almost feels good with Charlie. When Alan mentions his past, Charlie becomes aggressive towards Alan or anyone who mentions his dead family. Now Alan is trying to help Charlie and tries to make his life easier. But Alan learns that Charlie talks about his real feelings is more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger), he made a wonderful human drama of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramaturgy that Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than Paul Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is as perfect as ever. Pinkett Smith is okay because Liv's supportive wife, Liv Tyler, is also good because the young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows are pretty good as a beautiful, weird, lonely woman who delights in Alan. This film was unfortunately a disappointment in the box office, even though it had great reviews. The cast is first-rate, the writing and the director are wonderful, and Russ T. Alsobrook - wonderful Widescreen Cinematography. The film has great locations in New York, which make New York a beautiful city that you can look at in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a sharp anamorphic transfer on the screen (2.35: 1) and good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround sound. The DVD is also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a story, photo montage and previews. I expected more on DVD features, such as the soundtrack for the director and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best films released this year. I'm sure that this movie looked great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to see him in the theater. But it is also a kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has many well-known faces in the background and bit roles. Even the director has his part as Byran Sugarman, who is himself an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underrated photos of this year. It is also the best Sandler movie in my taste from "Wedding". Do not miss it. HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 from *****).
