Most people who will go to this movie will have an idea of ​​what is going on; The man loses all his family and even his dog during a flight from Boston this memorable morning on September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before watching this movie is: What would it be like; What are you doing with it; and how would this affect you and the way you refer to each day? The story takes place painfully slowly from the gate, and then warms up nicely when it takes on little speed, while the recently renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) strengthens and begins to take shape. Characters appear in this film, whose presence initially seems to be obligatory and not well developed, but in fact remains with this story and you will see that the simplicity of each character makes this story credible - and accurate. Real people live in a real situation in which they can do little, but stand aside while one of them breaks down. The pain in Charlie's soul is subtly visible after the first introduction and grows when we learn more about his character - wonderfully revealed by Sandler as a layer of onion? one layer at a time in combination with lightness and weight. It's so subtle that it sneaks up on you and gets into your head while you watch it on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is equally subtle and very much Don Cheadle. Always visible, an ease that is visible when Cheadle talks about his excellent acting skills on the screen. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman has a delicate texture, as the situation would require. Fineman does not want friendship or anyone disturbing his cloistered life, and yet Alan's nice quality is simple and fair enough to intrigue even a hermit like Charlie. It is Alan's job to carefully open Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is an inherent danger in this process. The more that Alan pokes Charlie to open himself, going so far as to engage in the services of a friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst, (Liv Tyler), the closer to the danger of pushing Charlie over the edge. This is the abyss that Charlie retains at every moment of awakening and which he learned to move after a pure denial. He refused to give him everything that existed earlier to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his regret is one thing he can not deny. Sandler retreats so deeply into the pain of his character when the story unfolds, that before he meets the demons, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan is standing next to Charlie throughout this difficult process, risking the loss of his own perfect home life - run with admirable grace and efficiency by his Janeane wife. (Jada Pinkett Smith) Alan, trying to recover Charlie, looks inside himself and recognizes his silent screams after the death of independence he once possessed, and the boy he lost by becoming a man. His reward for helping Charlie helps to connect with what he lost. The subject is similar to The Fisher King; another story of a man who isolates himself to the point of madness from sadness and loss. Like The Fisher King, the story ends on a traditional, there is someone for every topic. Reid Over Me's Lidia Sinclair, (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar, (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the verge of a breakdown and sketchy Johnson patient who turns out to be unstable enough to complete Charlie's borderline madness. This is a good ending to the story, but one element is probably not likely to call. On the other hand, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
