I really did not go into "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from a director or a story. I suppose the conspiracy was easy to understand. The whole family of this guy died on September 11, and he is closing the world before his life. Fine. I did not know if he intended to use his attachment to terrorism as a platform for speaking on the subject or to other issues related to it, and this is really not at a very obvious level, so if you are afraid to be surrounded by political opinions that may differ from yours, I would not worry about it. It seems to me that writing did not even mention directly the "September eleventh." <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor and is very sharp, but dramatically matters. Usually, I do not like to think that comedians are not able to act properly, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of this (and though I think so, you may disagree, Jim Carrey is also very well rounded ... sometimes). Charlerson's portrait of Fineman Sandler took the form that at first glance seems completely unrealistic and makes it absolutely credible. I have read many reviews that criticized the writing of Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle in another excellent role, if not one that seems similar to several of his last photos) of a wife who plays Jada Pinkett Smith well, calling her static and boring, but it is completely not true. <br /> <br /> It has depth, but some of them are hiding behind the main story, which sometimes drifts and disappears out of focus. (Which also brings to mind the very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the film, with a strange fadeout "Make all out of focus." After about the first 40 minutes are no longer used, maybe it matters to the character's perspective, artistically, or maybe they just realized as if it's annoying.) The film gradually begins to reveal to us the point (one of several, but definitely the most clear) of the story, that sometimes people have to deal with sadness in their own way. It may seem unconventional to us, maybe it seems almost unhealthy, but maybe what some people want more than anything else is simply to forget. Just exist. The soundtrack for the films was excellent and used music to deepen moods, not to set them up, which gives praise to actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The film takes its name from the song "Love, Reign O'er Me", from the rock opera The Who, Quadrophenia. The song itself is of no great importance to the actual story, but it is used with power in the film during the culmination and at the very end. The film is well traveled and does not feel like dragging it anywhere, which takes just over 2 hours. If you can accept the portrait of Adam Sandler from this deeply broken and broken man, you'll like the movie. You will become entangled in history and you will honestly feel the characters every minute. This is not the best film of the year and there is nothing breakthrough or positive about it, but it is a very nice movie.
