In our home we are huge fans of A Christmas Carol and we watch virtually every version of every Christmas, including old Reginald Owen from 1938 and modern Patrick Stewart from 1999. Our general favorite is the black and white classic from 1951, because Alastair Sim IS Ebeneezer Scrooge and his ringtones are the truest. However, this interpretation from 1984 has its unique advantages and creates a beautiful and funny story, quite faithful to Dickens' novel. (See my comments about other film adaptations if they're interested.) Above all, George C. Scott can certainly seem bizarre and does not make scrooge bad. I love his sideburns, long coat and hat. He cut off the best figure of fashion and a pretty handsome gentleman. Sometimes, however, it seems that Scott enjoys his role as Scrooge just a little too much and does not take it as seriously as he should! <br /> <br /> This version has the best general Christmas atmosphere, full of hope and optimism. Somehow you know that this story will have a happy ending. Filmed in the city of Shrewsbury in England, it just seems very British. The film has beautiful music, with wonderful, live music caroling in all the relevant parts of the story. Sometimes I almost felt the smell of roasted chestnuts and pudding singing in copper! <br /> <br /> Marley's tired spirit (with his wonderful scene dropping the jaws) and the three Spirits are quite convincing. The Christmas Past is a lovely ethereal lady, a festive gift wonderfully gigantic and happy, Christmas still comes shrouded and senses as always. However, I found Scrooge's nephew, Fred, who was a little quiet and gloomy, not as cheerful and cordial as he should be. I like my nephew's wife, whom they called Janet, with their lovely, spontaneous haircut. Instead of a bluff bluff, they invented a game called Similes for a nephew's festive dinner, which is a sweet little accent, Scrooge goes into the spirit of things. <br /> <br /> Cratchits and their somewhat modest (though very much appreciated) Christmas dinner is well presented, with Bob (David Warner) a nice and long-suffering scarf in his miles. Mrs. Cratchit is charmingly portrayed by Susannah York, who also starred opposite George C. Scott in the wonderful adaptation of Jane Eyre from the 1970s. First of all, this version is undoubtedly the best Tiny Tim, not only charming and endearing, but also sick. These dark shadows under the eyes make the fragile little thing last an hour! <br /> <br /> It is a charming and warm version of the holiday classic. With its festive atmosphere, it will surely put you in the spirit of the season.
