September 11, 2001. Millions have died; but 2819 lives ended in a particularly macabre way. They were a victim of a plane kidnapping by extremists, whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film has an in-depth look at four people whose lives have been shortened by this catastrophic event and one man whose life has been destroyed by the loss of life. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11, when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally annihilated by events, he eventually loses contact with everyone who reminds him of his previous life; including his parents-in-law and his best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender respectively). He goes into complete denial and tries to forget about his previous life. It lasts until he comes across his old school friend, Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle), which Fineman probably does not remember. Both begin to catch up, but Fineman thinks Johnson was sent by people from his previous life to convince him to find help. Slowly, but surely Fineman will regain confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> During all this, Alan Johnson's life goes in the wrong direction. He is an independent person (dentist) who helps to start a dental practice. One day, a patient named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to move him, telling him that she would like oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson, because he is a married man with two children. When he comes home from work on a particular working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to shoot him. He does not succeed, but he gets another chance and convinces Fineman to come with him for coffee to catch up, even though Fineman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this film is the use of music as a theme. One of Fineman's physiological balls is music, especially Springsteen and other classical rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open up to his past or talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts on his headphones and drowns the world with his things. <br /> <br /> When the movie ended, I had to think: how would I deal with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such tragic events. This is something that we do not really think about very often. We always think that they will be there and often take them for granted, regardless of whether we intend or not. Usually, we realize how important they are when it's too late; and such a blow can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I could deal with something like that. Would I face a problem on my head, deal with it and continue my life, or would I just put on headphones and block the world?
