Time and again, it seems that the Hollywood comedy surprises me with their talents as dramatic performers: first Robin Williams {'One Hour Photo (2002)'}, then Jim Carrey {'Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) "being one example," followed by Will Ferrell ('Stranger than Fiction (2006)'), and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely right: a guy who based his entire career on making mindless goofball comedies (I do not complain, I've always been a fan) and finally gave me a performance that he can be proud of, of course some readers may wonder what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love" (2002), but I can only assure you that this is the movie I am currently making to see him as soon as possible, because I heard that it was frightening. My first movie from director Mike Binder "Reign Over Me" It is a smart and respectful study of grief and friendship, although it sometimes enters too familiar a territory, the somewhat predictable plot proves to be surprisingly deep and moving, and Sandler and Don Cheadle give unforgettable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he can not communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and that is why his marriage is a little uncertain. (Adam Sandler) is a former roommate Alan of college, a man who lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and who is still struggling with his overwhelming sense of regret. A disheveled figure with sloppy hair and downcast eyes (often similar to the appearance of Bob Dylan), Charlie has abandoned his career in dentistry and spends his time in solitude: listening to music using headphones that cut out all the sound from the outside world, driving around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, immersing themselves in fantastic video games and rebuilding the kitchen of your apartment many times according to the wishes of his late wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, he does not recognize even an old friend, having abandoned all memories before his life experience. Indeed, at the beginning he does not even acknowledge the existence of his family and suddenly loses his temper when someone suggests that he is seeking advice. <br /> <br /> Initially, filmmakers may seem a little exploitative to use the September 11 attacks as a story-telling device. Afterall, would not it be just as devastating if Charlie's family were killed in an ordinary, everyday car accident? However, if you think that the director's intention was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused by the tragedy of ordinary citizens, then "Reign Over Me" does a very good job. It is easy to be so absorbed by insignificant statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11 film I've seen, which really dealt with the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only torment was the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler has a surprising range in a difficult role that would fall apart if it did not meet the task. Charlie Fineman is an instant man with whom we can feel deeply compassionate, an empty soul who, thanks to the company of an old friend, can finally see the light at the end of a dark, gloomy tunnel.
