They can be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (terrorist attacks from September 11), is still sad about death. He runs into his former roommate at college, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and these two renew their friendship. Alan is vowing to help his old friend come to terms with a terrible loss. This simplifies the basic history of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> This film, however, is a story about how fate interferes in our lives when we can be powerless ourselves, do something about our own states of existence. Alan is in a life he knows he does not meet anymore. He feels without friends and has no contact with his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and colleagues at work. He can not express his feelings and as a result he feels lost and distant from his world. He's getting ready for Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while riding his job. In the end, he meets and discovers that Charlie (who initially does not remember Alan) lives in his own false reality. Charlie returned to his life when he did not have a family. He lives as if he was still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from bands from the 1960s and 1970s and playing video games. He escaped into a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad guys and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is somehow affected by the tragedy that affected Charlie and his forgiveness for a previously different and better (?) Place. His landlady is his protector and a great helper. His in-laws are deducted from his life because they take him back to reality that his family has left his life. Alan is the most affected by him because Alan wants (initially a selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means to move away from his choked reality, and then wants to find a way to help Charlie regain his guilt and deny his loss. It is thanks to this relationship that Charlie not only heals, but Alan actually learns to communicate and satisfy his real desires with his co-workers at work, and ultimately is able to admit to his wife, whom he has not been able to pass on his true feelings, but he wants it badly because he loves her. This is really a thrilling moment in the movie, when things hit the fans, and Charlie is confronted with the reality of being put off, that he and Alan are talking about the situation together over the "Chinese" that Charlie claims he is actually worried about Alan, and not for myself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you let it, will take you across the river of emotions and leave you thinking. You will laugh at how Charlie uses his words, just as people really do in everyday life, to comically express the fact of the real situation. He will leave you on the verge of tears (in my case of real tears), when Charlie confronts his sadness and begins to deal with his immense loss. And that in reality the tragic reality is his fault and loss, he never really left it and dealt with it in the only way known to him: negation. It will make you curse the cold, thoughtless actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I did at Charlie's interrogation!) And make you smile because of the old-minded and wise, stern judge's sanity. (Donald Sutherland, who is great in his short, clear role and gives the best results of a wise, stern legal practitioner since Wilford Brimley played Assistant Attorney General at Absentee Malice.) <br /> <br /> This movie he was also amazing to me for several other reasons: (1) I never looked at my watch once during the film screening. Which means he had me from start to finish, (2) Although the cast was interracial, this fact was not important for playing the roles of the characters in the movie. Race was not a factor influencing the performance of roles in this film. Incredible people can actually interact with this fact! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is that Charlie's lawyer refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what Charlie became 9/12". Time will be a real test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of the movie is not just to entertain, but to make one movie stay with you long after you leave the theater, then Reign Over Me I managed to phenomenally, if it concerns me. I have not forgotten this amazing, thought-provoking movie and I will wait impatiently for the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
