Reign Over Me is a success thanks to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedic actors who are dramatic are perceived as something that distracts attention, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he presents have an unstable temperament and vulnerability that can break at any moment. It may even be the type for characters with such hidden anger problems. However, this performance has a significant dramatic importance, unlike their roles in less-comedy dishes such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the movie, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs into his old roommate, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for several years. Five years earlier, Charlie suffered an overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Cheadle's character because of the repression of his memories and the consistent, childish lifestyle since the accident. It's only when Alan insists on getting him into a conversation, Charlie remembers who he is. Renewing the relationship will allow Finerman a friend who does not talk about his loss, allowing him to confront his thoughts and feelings, which he suppressed on his own terms. <br /> <br /> Although screenwriter-director Mike Binder does not show much sense of individual style, and some of his shots and transitions are a bit awkward, he has the talent for decent performance from his actors, while being a talented and fun writer. He made the film with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers do, allowing the crew to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. This allowed us to focus on the colorful background of New York, but resulted in a frequent digital grain, which resembles blue spots scattered and moving around the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost every main character in Reign Over Me gives great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith, and especially Liv Tyler, are remembered in their roles as a frustrated wife of Cheadle and a psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who do their best work. They totally owned the movie. Sandler actually plays a character who does not resemble outside or behaves like himself, partly attributed to Bob Dylan's wig. Although the character Cheadle has more time on the screen than Sandler, both should be considered major roles because they support and support each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a big role in this movie, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" The Who, and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler that he uses music to get away from his feelings and memories, but this particular song evokes such intense emotions that instead of reducing anger, it stimulates his emotions. In total, Reign Over Me is a pleasant, sad but often funny movie driven by amazing performances.
