Love Hurts. I think this is the main message of the latest film by Mike Binder Reign Over Me. Regardless of whether love caused your relationship to become stagnant, or whether it provoked anger from the one you love to cheat for years, or broke your heart to such an extent that you are unable to open yourself to the world , love Hurts. The great thing about this movie, however, is not to show those lost souls who try to let their old professions pass, but possibly to restart new bonds for the future. Nobody in this drama is perfect; all are to some extent emotionally bound in relationships that they can not free themselves from. There is some heavy thematic material here and I admit to Binder that he never turned history into a political diatribe, but instead put serious moments into real nice comedic pieces, letting stories remain based on character and small scale compared to an epic event, which is coming up. What could have become a trivial vehicle for an opinion of how 9-11 affected us all ends with a story of two men and a connection that unites, which is the only thing that can save their lives from depression and regret. br /> <br /> This is a new performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson was the first to see childish, suppressed anger in his stupid comedies as something that can be dramatically used. The youth of a character like Billy Madison allows for laughter and night humor, but it can also be used to show a suppressed man who is shy and close to the world around him - a man without trust who needs a moment of compassion to break him from his shell. Anderson let Sandler do it in his masterpiece of Punch-Drunk Love, and Mike Binder went a step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children died in one of the planes that defeated the World Trade Center on 9-11. This moment crushed every life he had, and as a result he became lonely and began to believe that he did not remember anything that had happened before that day. He really presents a moving portrait of a man who tries to keep the charade in his head, while people around him, those who love him, try to open him up to the reality of what happened and what the future will bring. Always on the edge and ready to take pictures anytime when you mention something that will stimulate the memory of his lost family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones, closing everything, so as not to succumb to temptation. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me does not concern Charlie Fineman, but the dentist and family Alan Johnson. The man who fell into the trap of a marriage and a dental practice that stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs as much help in his life as his roommate Charlie. Perfectly played by always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his spine to try and change his life. He has no friends, and when he sees Charlie accidentally, one day his life transforms into something he has not felt for 15 years. Enjoy the chance to meet an old friend no matter how much he changed after the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to return to college days, and Sandler does not mind, because all this was before the meeting with his wife. The two men get what they want and let themselves get closer, despite the years of loneliness that ruled their lives. But when they begin to open, it is inevitable that the theme of the tragedy will begin to shift and test the façade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> Supporting staff is doing an amazing job, helping to keep up the appearance of two wires. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who made a big impression on me and she played the whole movie nicely as a nail wife, but this is her last scene on a Cheadle phone that really showed me something different and real. Liv Tyler is not a psychiatrist in his element, but the film calls it a fact and makes a bad job. Many small scenes are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as the old best friend and accountant Sandler (my only cause for concern is why he feels the need to put his name in the starting credits as an actor when he is everywhere, taking note that this is his movie). The last but not least is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a wonderful actress and plays a broken, merciful divorcee, trying to put her life in a wonderful way. The role that seems comical at first glance, but ends with an integral aspect of what is to come. <br /> <br /> Binder created one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen for a long time. The direction is almost flawless (blur between cuts and figures in the foreground / background really annoyed me at the beginning), acting and real history, never going down the straight road and not tidy bow at the end. Even the music was fantastic and used to strengthen, not to lead us emotionally (why after two great uses of the title song The Who Binder felt the need to use the bad remake Eddie Veddar to the end, I do not know, but that, unfortunately, avoided me. Me is a film about love and the fact that although it can cause the worst pain you can imagine, it can also save us from regret and let us see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
