This movie was screened last night at the Paramount Theater in Austin as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were honored with the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who after the film took questions from the audience. This is an extraordinary and powerful film about what it is like to lose yourself and start looking for the way back. Performances are phenomenal, and the story is tragic and fun in a way that is too rare. (The trailer of the movie tries to emphasize the comedy aspects a bit too much.) <br /> <br /> This is the groundbreaking role of Adam Sandler. While he began to move on to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step forward for him as a drama actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination because he continues to move to more dramatic roles, as did Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to try to direct Dustin Hoffman to Rain Man. Although the play of an autistic man is certainly very different from the traumatic form of Sandler, both characters are trapped in their own worlds reminiscent of child isolation and confusion for various reasons. <br /> <br /> The performance of Don Cheadle is less surprising so good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we expect the unusual nuances of Cheadle. He has the qualities of honesty and honesty that appear in this role. But he is also broken and fights, if not in such a profound way as Sandler's character. Cheadle faces difficulties both in marriage and in professional life as a dentist. The characters played by Cheadle and Sandler fight each other in the way that true friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They both look for the part of themselves they lost and try to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best big studio films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character on the story, is wonderful. Filming on the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and also had to heal - is also quite beautiful. The supporting roles of Jady Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are quite good. <br /> <br /> Mike Binder has really published a story with which so many will be able to connect on many levels. It is a story about grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the importance of love. The reign over Me does not fail. The film is almost hypnotic, because it draws the lives of its characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if it created more glamorous character videos such as Reign over Me.
