Everyone is sure to know the most famous of all history? the soulless businessman visits the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warns that if he continues his indifferent ways, he will be condemned to death in chains. To avoid the fate of his partner, he is visited by three ghosts who show him visions of the past, present and future of Christmas, to hope that he will see the error of his ways before it is too late. One might think of a rather morbid tale, but it is a classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular holiday stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me this is the final version of Dickens' timeless history; is the one that I always remember watching at school and I remember that I was absolutely terrified! The spirit of Jacob Marley, the last scene with the spirit of the Christmas gift under the bridge and the spirit of the upcoming Christmas, especially, I find very scary. How in the movie did the film get the "U" certificate? (For readers outside of the UK, "U" is the lowest classification, it means that the family is welcoming, children are welcome, nothing scare them, etc. However, it certainly is not because some smaller children will no doubt find the final segment of the positive frightening Anyway, from many versions of this classic story that I saw, adapted to the film, it's probably the most faithful of this book. In particular, this episode is rarely seen in film adaptations the original text - the spirit of a Christmas gift showing Scrooge two children hidden under his robe (you will never get away from such a scene!). children represent Ignorance and Need (though changed to Want in this movie). <br /> <br /> Criticism for me however, it becomes apparent when you look at it again with more objective and trained eyes, the main one being George C. Scrooge Scott's portrait just seems not too cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use this word cheerfully, because of course Ebeneezer is something else, but it seems that he is just a grumpy old man, not a positively unfriendly, cold and indifferent man, which is in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart presented it perfectly in one of the newest versions of the filmed, and Michael Caine, despite playing with Muppets, was definitely cool. What's more, character development during the movie, when he learns more about the error of his ways and grows towards redemption, is unconvincing and seems incoherent. It seems that he did not change much until he reached the last lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this one (though serious) dispute is still a charming and finally warming Christmas story, just like all Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like a perfect picturesque, charming, snow-covered English city that many Americans probably imagine is still there (the truth is that even then London was gray and dirty and no snow would ever be so white !) And everyone is so impeccably dressed, even poor people look rather elegant. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why not everything should look nice? Perfect viewing of the holiday season; combined with copies of It a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and The Snowman, and you have everything you need.
