This modern movie noir with its humor and stunning sequence of twists and turns provides a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and excellent entertainment from beginning to end. It's impossible not to empathize with a honest, humble hero or get absorbed in the ways he tries to get out of the terrible troubles he's in, so all you can do is fasten your seatbelt and enjoy your ride. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary guy who makes a bad decision, and then discovers that the repercussions draw him into an uncontrolled sequence of events from which he is unable to get out, is a pure movie noir. The same applies to the topics of murder, fraud, corruption and duplicity that are ubiquitous. Many of the well-known noir visual motifs are also present, such as the way cigarette smoke is illuminated, rain soaked at night, heavily shaded interiors and shadow lines (created by shutter doors) on the faces of people. /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded war veteran with no money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is confused by the owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) with a hit man is on appointment to murder his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally restrained man, does nothing to discourage Wayne for his misunderstanding, especially since he could use the job and at the beginning he does not realize what is expected of him. After he learned about his mission and got an advance of $ 5,000, he goes to Suzanne and warns her of Wayne's plan. She does not seem overly concerned about the danger she is in and offers Michael the double fee Wayne has offered to eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he received from both parties and leave the city. His plan will fail, however, when he accidentally falls into a man who stands in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to receive treatment for injuries. In the hospital, things get complicated when it turns out that the patient is Suzanne's lover and has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to the involvement of local law enforcement officers and the discovery that Wayne is the sheriff !! From then on, things get even more complicated and definitely more dangerous, especially when the real hit Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) arrives on stage. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has great moments of tension (an example is the scene in which Michael escapes from Wayne's bar), as well as some great performances from a very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing, because he reacts to different situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J T Walsh is particularly good as a deceptive figure who always hides more than he says. Dennis Hopper is very dangerous, because the malicious contract killer (the role he plays with great enthusiasm) and Lara Flynn Boyle look cool and calculating as femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and moments of humor in his epic role as a nonsensical truck driver. <br /> <br /> Unbelievably, "Red Rock West" was initially to be deprived of a general cinematic release, but rightly emerged from humble beginnings, to finally be recognized as a great film, which it really is.
