We have a damn good thriller from the nineties here, which, although perhaps without content, still provides great entertainment throughout its duration and generally does everything that is possible to make a film of this type. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a very underestimated director for big thrillers like The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I came to the conclusion that if this movie would be in line with the standard of what I saw from the director, it would be worth a look - and Red Rock West is certainly a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the excessively moral Michael; a man traveling around America in search of a job. He ends up finding him one day when he comes across a bar in Red Rock County - the only catch is that the job is to murder a man's wife. He was taken for an assassin named Lyle, but instead of doing this job; he plays against each other on both sides and eventually plans to escape. However, his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle appears ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to like to set up thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again and again almost a decade from this movie from Roadkill. It's not difficult to understand why Dahl chooses such a location because it provides a fantastic atmosphere for a thriller like this one. Dahl also provides his film in a "noir movie" atmosphere, because the plot focuses mainly on the central character, and the word in which it submerges is full of dark and mysterious characters. Acting is very good, and Nicholas Cage performs an excellent job in the lead role and receives class A support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; which once again proves the screen with the highest performance. It must be said that the second half of the movie is not as thrilling as the first one, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring, and the way Dahl organizes the grand finale is perfect because all the main characters are part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a movie you probably will not regret. It's exciting all the time and you can not ask for much more!
