Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he has consistently made films and TV shows since the 1930s, his golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a series of comedian masterpieces, many with the participation of the great Alec Guinness. So-known titles are "Whiskey Galore! (1949), Passport to Pimlico (1949), Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949), The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) and The Ladykillers (1955). 'One of Ealing Studio's most beloved films,' Man in a White Suit ', was released in 1951 and Alec Guiness appeared as Sidney Stratton, a genius inventor who creates an extraordinary fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more an enemy than his friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and underrated, but he has a great scientific talent. Due to his inadequate qualifications, the only activities he can get are a janitor or a laborer in one of the large textile factories, where he secretly carries out his own experiments using his own money and company equipment. After Sidney learned about it and threw it out innumerable times, he is convinced that he is only a few weeks away from the momentous scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the textile factory Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) is keenly interested in Sidney's exploits and agrees to finance any further work. After numerous unsuccessful attempts and several explosions shaking the ground, Sidney finally discovers his amazing work: almost glowing white fabric that never gets dirty and never gets worn out. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought that his invention would make him a hero, then he was very disappointed. The almighty textile leaders, headed by the frail Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), are united to ensure that a revolutionary invention that could completely harm their activities will never enter into full-scale production. Similarly, humble workers in the workers' union hear about the creation of Sidney, and try to remove him from existence, fearing for his work. The inventor, however, is convinced that the eternally durable material will bring relief and happiness to many and refuse to submit to the demands of others, despite the fact that they are threatened with violence and offered 250,000 damages. Through all her troubles to announce her invention to the media, only one person offers Sidney her full sympathy and support, daughter of Birnley Daphne, who is engaged to someone else, but falls in love with Sidney's difficult situation. <br /> <br /> "Man in a White Suit" is a clever and fun comedy, greatly done by a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a bizarre and charismatic performance from the unique Alec Guinness. There are also several good-natured machinations in capitalism and how large industries can stop progress in the name of their own monetary situation, although we certainly see arguments for each of the parties to the debate.
