In my opinion, the best comedies of Ealing and one of my favorite movies of all time. The topic of employees against the leadership (with many conversations about relationships and rights) may indicate that the film is now a bit more complicated, because it is no longer a topic discussed so much, but it does not stop the "White Suit" from being a classic series. <br /> <br /> The story, about a man trying to create a revolutionary new fabric that ends with the confusion of the textile industry, does not sound exciting when it is saved, but the film retains that essential fantasy spark mixed with the reality that defines it as the real comedy of Ealing. The fabric repels dirt and never wears! The title white suit that Alec Guinness wears in the second half becomes the focal point for several iconic images and sequences, such as Guinness, which is able to use its indestructible thread to scale the clean wall! The script itself is full of dry wit - "Is everything alright?" "Yes." "Detriment." - and the characteristics are first. I am always amazed at the wonderful direction in these films. Comedies from later eras would adopt the mentality of "point the camera towards the actors and let it roll", but Ealing's films have always tried interesting lighting, angles and innovations. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, this cast raises the material for dizzying heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastically subtle performance, with eyes that express amazement, joy and a crushing defeat whenever history requires it. Stratton is a man who is unaware of everything but his job. Such an insular character could quickly become boring or annoying, but Guinness effortlessly makes him sympathetic, so much so that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency when Stratton tries to reach the top in a world that wants to bury everything he worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is absolutely delighted, as always, like the dazed Cecil Parker and the slimy Michael Gough; everyone laughs without even trying. This is a comic British understatement at its best. <br /> <br /> "Man in a white suit" is 81 minutes of pure glow, with a great story, great cast, witty wit and healthy dolls of cynicism. Absolutely top class.
