One of the things that make this Ealing comedy so incredibly funny is the smart edition. Shots that would be considered absolutely necessary for most contemporary comedies have been deliberately omitted. (It was known as British understatement.) <br /> <br /> Three cases: Comic battle is edited in this way. Alec Guiness invented a new fabric that would ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to his office to get him to sign a contract that gives up control over the material so that production can be stopped. When he catches it, Guiness gets up and turns to the door. Two men are blocking his path. "I'm sorry," he says quietly, stepping forward. Two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. The secretary sits outside at his desk. There is silence until the buzzer ignites her fever. He picks up the notebook and opens the door to the inner office, where the full noisy Donnybrook is in full swing and the room is half-broken. Guiness falls out of the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention Guiness creates a complicated chemical apparatus, but instead of converting the experimental fluid into a new material, the device explodes. It explodes again and again. The laboratory is cleaned of all other work. Explosions are ongoing. Ceilings are falling. Windows is blown up. The Research Director sits at his desk in a small office cluttered with rubble, a bandage on his head. When the door opens behind him, he jumps into the air. "Sit down," he tells his guest, "he has one more at any moment." It's terribly funny - and there's not one shot of any explosions. It would be unimaginable now without a fiery ball, or perhaps a building collapsing in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The last example, consisting of a series of fast, inexorable cuts, composed precisely. Guiness is being hunted and trapped in the lobby of an office building by people who want to sign a contract. In the face of two men who are to contend with him, Guinness supports a strong expression. He falls on a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust overturns and hits the wall. There is a shot lasting about one second of the bust hitting the wall. Another short shot of the metal shield hung over the bust, which was crushed and fell. A quick cut to Guinness's head floating in the frame. Move to two men staring at the camera while the horrible sounds of brass hitting and thumping are heard from the screen. Cut Guinness flat on your back. Nobody today would have cojones to NOT show Guinness crowned by this shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue this. It's a comedy that's okay, but it's bitter enough for all the hilarity. In solving one set of problems Guiness has created dozens of others. He is opposed to both the management and the work, none of which prove to be very beneficial. And of course, the economic implications have to do with something more than material. "What about this car that runs on the water with a pinch of something or something else?" One of the employees asks. "Interested interests" - comments another worker, when Thorstein Veblen nods in the grave. What could have happened if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I had shares in Exxon - and I think so - I shuddered at the thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no need for oil? In that case, where would the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? It's a thoughtful and very funny movie, perfectly directed and assembled. The list of performers is unmatched. Joanne Greenwood with this hoarse voice. Blithering Cecil Parker. Whistling mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> First-class work around.
