A MAN in WHITE COLOR, like JACK ALL RIGHT JACK, has a poor view of both work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he never got a university degree because of ... err ... an accident in the laboratory). He manages to push to various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film begins, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (at a memorable moment) tries to impress the future test (Cecil Parker), showing him the company in the shape of the ship he leads. During lunch with the daughter of Parker and Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message regarding some problems related to the unexpectedly large budget problems of the laboratory. He reads huge expenses (due to Guinness experiments) and suffocates with his coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness continues to work at Parker and repeats the same tricks he did with Goughem - but Parker also discovers it. Greenwood discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue his experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently discovered how to create an artificial fiber that can constantly change the electronic bonds in its molecular structure, so that (for all intents and purposes) the fiber stays in good tact. Any fabric made of it will never fade, get dirty or wear - it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of a woman, but not a boss. He regards Guinness as a rich seller. But when he explains what he did to them, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon, Parkers' other textile moguls (led by Goughem, Ernest Theisinger - in a great performance and Howard Marion-Crawford) are also panic-stricken, which may end their business. They try to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (though Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to convey the news of his audience discovery. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness was defeated by science and greed. But he ends the movie, seeing the error in his calculations and I'm guessing that one day he can still get his discovery out. <br /> <br /> It's a great comedy. But is the argument after suppression important? At some point, the difficulties in fabric material are shown (you have to heat the threads to high temperature to actually connect the ends of the material.) Nothing shows that the fabric stretches if the owner acquires fat (or contract if the owner spits out) Do we have to believe that people only want one set of clothing forever? What happened to the fashion changes and new styles? And the material is made only in white (which makes Guinness look like a white knight) .It is said that the dye would have to be added Would this not affect the chemical reactions that maintain the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not a scientific document, but the film about the hypocrisy of labor and capital in modern industry, as such is brilliant, but these questions, which I mention, still worry me about the justifiability of suppressing the Guinness invention
