"Deliverance" is a dead example of how great movies came out of the '70s. While your jaw is dropped during the movie "Terminator", are you really festive? I do not think because you are there to see what new CGIs have been combined - the story does not matter. <br /> <br /> So many everyday situations can be frightening for no reason, because there are so many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ... or a walk on a poorly lit street. "Deliverance" is so frightening because these innocent actions can turn dead in heartbeat. Entering the backyard is fun? Anyone who has this concept, does not read newspapers, does not watch everyday news, nor did he see other films that show the seriousness of "entering" into territories that are not welcomed by outsiders. It is almost unbelievable that the vessel ahead of time in "Deliverance" has not informed almost everyone that they will be watching it. It was not a picnic, and "squealing like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <br /> I hate the term "hillbillies" because - as some "users" have written - they humiliate entire regions of people who are very happy with life as they know - without the interference of modern life. There is a lot of "inbred" - this is not the sexuality characteristic of backwoods. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. However, slickers are very stupid to enter a closed society and give them an attitude. I know many "highlanders" - they are moral people when they are left alone. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, just like "justice" on city streets. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take kayaking and camp to legal places. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" was the last movie I found Jon Voight to make a real actor - I hope I'm wrong. He was very underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but he showed that he could do it in one go. His acting in Deliverance was great. It gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be considered "ordinary" today? His muffled sobs at dinner were brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! You have to ask what led him to these other sticky movies? His masculinity, although erroneous, in this film set the pace of endurance necessary to get out of the desert - not only in the backwoods, but in the wasteland of everyday life. Ned Beatty was stellar - his underwear might not have "Versace" on him, but his shock performance was perfect. As mentioned, at the end of the movie he became stronger than any of the group. Ronny Cox played a moral guy in his hand - every man should have the determination to do what is right. Several "users" suggested that he was shot or lost his balance when he fell into the river - my theory is that he was so disgusted with the whole journey that he committed suicide. On the stage, we did not hear the shot, and Voight and Beatty did not find the wound. <br /> <br /> James Dicey sure knows how to create a tense story and was great as a sheriff - it is said that he was so terrified of acting he came to the band drunk everyday. His character saw that three kayaks were guilty of survival, but they also knew that they had no chance against the local jury, no matter how kindly they were treated in "Aintra". He also knew that the indifference of the locals could be cruel. Justice? - "Do not come back here again". Few "users" knew "hillbillies" in the film, where it was possible - which actors could present them better? "Ludzie góry" were in fact highlanders ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play. Play? It's better to "fight for your life". I have experienced almost dangerous events and I am happy that I can live outside the fight - you, who feel that your masculinity is crazy, I can have my share. <br /> <br /> That we have absolutely killed - and we are still doing - undeniable areas of this country in an undeniable way. Being able to view its size on any medium is fascinating, but it leaves a bitter taste to realize that some do not care. The Los Angeles I live in is a perfect example: it is built into wild animals and is unwaveringly believing that people come before animals. This is their rightful habitat - we should just leave it. No wonder why coyotes and bears and wolves wander to the districts? They are them. <br /> <br /> In a slightly less dangerous way, we all must experience lessons that can be learned from "Deliverance" - to understand our progress technologically, this does not lead to supremacy. Thank you to all the slickers who went out into the desert to make this modern classic so that he could scare me when I watch it. You can have a thrill - I will stick to the TV. 30-out-of-10.
