Deliverance is a horror / thriller by John Boorman from 1972 about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) who take canoeing on the Cahulawassee River before damming the river. On the way to the men comes a raft (without words) unpleasant things. Despite the unpleasant events in this photo, Boorman nicely reflects the natural beauty of the river. The location was really well chosen. In fact, it would be a very nice movie to watch if the canoe trip went smoothly. The lush forests and gentle landscape make the horror even more terrifying. The location is not only picturesque, but also beautifully made thanks to the cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It is said that the performance of Burt Reynolds in the role of the screenplay, Lewis, is the main role in this film. However, I believe that Jon Voight is stealing the performance, acting as a suburban family, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his attitude to survive. In fact, the scene where he climbed the cliff was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. To reduce costs, filming was not insured, and the actors did their own tricks. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. The performance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remains one of the most amazing pieces of the soundtrack in the history of cinema for the intensity of its performance. At several other points in the film, we are treated in a more, more soft banjo music that provides a very pleasant accompaniment when traveling down the river. For all the advantages of this film, I think he lacks a goal. It does not build tension very well and it is not as terrible as it was thought. The plot itself is a bit weak and is nowhere to be found. Nevertheless, this movie has enough points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for the gore fans there is not much. In fact, it really is not. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that's a bit sour. Think of it as Rambo: The first blood meets three men in a boat. Watch out for the very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I liked this movie, soundtrack, photos and acting deserved the deserved 7 out of 10.
