When the movie shakes you with a disturbing, dark atmosphere and grabs you by the throat with its stunning photos, you just know that you've come across a feast, a film masterpiece. Although most of today's films are extremely enjoyable, those that really shock you are the strongest and the most appreciated by critics and, above all, they stick to you throughout your life. I am proud to say that I am a fan of films that interfere, not only horrors, but those that evoke a climate full of foreboding. Films like Breakdown and The Missing, which cause a chill in your spine, make you think that "sacred nonsense that can happen to me" and visually lure you, are there with my favorite aspects in the movie. Because I'm only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I'm familiar with them, I did not watch them develop and act as actors, unlike actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say, after a long noise and for the first time a witness to Deliverance, I was so admired by these veterans in a film made over 30 years ago and is still living in horror in the competition with modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the self-proclaimed leader of a group of four friends kayaking a fictional river before the dam is made, filling the entire desert with water. Renyolds is an experienced adventurer, meaningless and full of machismo. Watching him presents him as tough, made me think of him as an actor, because I saw him only as a mad old man or a furious politician. Dialogue, which the director provides his character, gives him so much malice that he can be proved as a strong and even an intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as beginner adventurers, respectively Drew and Bob, joining the fun on a kayak trip. The actor I really enjoyed watching was Jon Voight, once again I saw him only as an older actor, but unlike Renyolds, I really liked Voight's acting (and I do not think of Anaconda when I say that), for example national films treasures. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has experience in adventures, but is seen as a more reticent hero, reluctant hero / leader and definitely no Lewis machis. The film essentially opens when the four of them enter a small town, asking to find someone who drives cars to the bottom of the river, while cascading and camp along the river bank. Immediately you get a terrifying atmosphere from the highlander characters we're introduced to, such as the imbred who plays the notorious "Dueling Banjo" at the beginning of the movie, with Ronny Cox hero Drew; and even more two highlanders in key films and a disturbing rape scene. As with all atmospheric films, from that moment fear and confusion fill both the characters and the audience, and it is here that we see how characters take shape and change their form. The following canoeing trip is expertly performed, and hence the men are struggling with the chances of survival of both people and nature. The cinematography of the film does not give up, and I return to this commentary with the scene in which Ed fights with one of the mountain rapists using a composite arc. When Ed falls on one of his arrows and notices an enemy approaching him, he pulls the rifle to shoot the floor as he falls with an arrow into his neck; the biggest movie film I saw in the movie was possible. In summary, "Deliverance" is one movie whose fear and atmosphere convey the mood and so far remains one of the best films in film history.
