This is one of the greatest films in history. It's a classic classic. The character played by Ned Beatty goes through one of the biggest transformations ever seen. He is a shallow, almost useless, overweight insurance seller. He is proud of his ignorance, yet he thinks that "backward" are ignorant. When the old man compliments with the hat and the old man answers: "you do not know anything", the tone is set. It is true. He does not really "know anything". But later, one of the anal rapes, this man is practically a warrior. His shallow, false courage is subdued and seriously solved. The old self is forever dead, left in distant forests, soon below hundreds of feet of water. And what about Lewis, our fearless guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he is just crazy. Burt Reynolds turned out to be an actor in 1972 in this film, totally devoting himself to this wonderful role. Who would not want a friend like Lewis if he risked the danger of being forgotten / soon left behind in the world in which our unfortunate travelers found themselves. The story is real. Works as a complete action / adventure, with great cinematography and thoughtful, grinding stimulation. It works like a piece of horror, with the danger and almost surrealism of encountering the wicked Red-nosed who objectify them to "sow" Ned Beatty. But it also works as an artistic film, using an incredible amount of symbolism to convey truths that reach our core. I've seen this movie at least fifty times and I have to watch it every time it appears. You have to watch it several times to even understand it. This is one deep movie. This is one well-made movie. And this is a hellish story. I gave him 10 out of 10 and put him in my top 10 films of all time, including Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade. Movies that make you think. Movies that do not require thinking. Movies that use STORIES to emphasize your point of view without trying to preach. If you think you know Liberation, you can, but you can not do it again. It's really good.
