Deliverance is a stunning thriller, which is just as exciting as any good thriller, but also terrifying in the stomach. Although it is not a horror movie, it is just as scary as any classic horror movie. The very idea of ​​being a normal red-blooded man who spends weekend adventures in any form of civilization, just to be caught and sodomized by several violent hills, is certainly the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population. It would be easy for Deliverance to slip into the territory of exploitation, but John Boorman cleverly avoided the temptation to follow such a path and made a film that explores, challenges, and questions the importance of masculinity. With so many films, you leave, wanting heaven, that you can enter the hero's shoes, do heroic deeds and save the day and get a girl ... but thanks to Liberation, you go away praying to God that you never have to experience what the four heroes are going through. <br /> <br /> Four city guys - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - go to the wilderness to spend a few days on the river soon it is to be piled up. Guys ride cascades in pairs, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently far ahead of the others, so they drive up the river bank and wait for their buddies in the neighboring forest. At this point, two local foresters (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward) fall into the eye, who bind Ed to the tree, while one of them pulls and rapes Bobby, ordering him, perversely, "squeak like a pig." Lewis and Drew arrive invisible, and Lewis, being an honest archer, kills the rapist while the other hill breaks hastily into the forest. Under high emotional tension, four canoeists decide to hide the event and get out of the area. But the river is becoming more and more dangerous to negotiate when traveling down the river, and the risk to their lives increases when the surviving hill returns to shoot at them from the rifle from some invisible viewpoint on the rocky cliffs above the river. > <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a story of survival, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of the macho's attitude torn and left in humiliated shreds. Although all performances are unusual, particular attention should be paid to Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would reject. The film is very similar in theme to the movie Straw Dogs from 1971 - both films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated places, and in the final brutal revenge directed against the victim does not give any sense of satisfaction. The background of the raw countryside in Deliverance is beautiful, but it also increases tension by placing four canoeists in an environment in which they are at the mercy of hills and landscapes, with whomever they could rely on. . It's really full of tension creating movies.
