You could put out a Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol version with sock puppets and I'll probably watch it. Ever since I was a child, it was one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that everyone is good and that is why no one is out of redemption, it appeals to me, but for some reason I will never miss the opportunity to watch one of the many adaptations of this timeless classics when they are on TV because they are inevitably at this time of year. <br /> <br /> What makes this version really stand out is the gloomy gravity that the cast brings to their roles. The lines we've heard dozens of times in the past have taken on a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more real and credible in the hands of this amazing team. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for Emma in 1985 for this role. It is his eternal recognition that instead of sleepwalking in the often depicted role of Scrooge, he gave him a new interpretation which, in my opinion, was one of his best performances in history. He did not try the British accent wisely, instead he uttered his words in this famous, gravelly voice. His Scrooge is not just a spoiled old man (as he so often presents), but a man who conceals deep anger on the world. When each of the Three Spirits visits him successively, we understand how this anger has taken root, increased and eventually strangled his soul. When he is forced to review his life, we see him alternately softening and then returning to unrestrained stubbornness. And in this great dramatic scene, when kneeling and crying over his own grave, begging for mercy, when trying to convince the third spirit of his penance and desire to change his life, we see a man who was completely broken and brought to his knee literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge completely reliable and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Impressive, as is the case with Scott, a team of supporting actors significantly contributes to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is a perfect example. Often portrayed as a sympathetic buffoon, here Roger Rees plays it with the emotional intensity that was lacking in earlier portraits. When he begs Scrooge: "I'm not asking you about anything. I do not want anything from you. Why can not we be friends? "We can see on his face not only his frustration, but also the pain imposed by Scrooge on his only surviving relative. It is a moving spectacle and one of the most dramatic scenes of the film. <br /> <br /> Even greater is the performance of the great English actor Frank Finlay as Scrooge's late partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley seems to be a slightly lower point in the movie, simply because it is difficult to convincingly depict a dead man, and the results are usually just stupid (ooo, look, this is a terrifying ghost ..... .. no!) In this version it is probably the most thrilling scene in the whole movie. Marley's entrance, when the locks in Scrooge's door open by themselves, and the sound of chains echoing throughout the house is wonderfully frightening. But Marley Finlaya is not an ethereal spirit. She is a tortured soul, inspiring both horror and pity. Marley can be a ghost, but his rage and regret for wasted life for riches and his despair because of realizing that his sins are beyond reparation are still very human. As Finlay puts it, we have no problem convincing that even subcutaneous Scrooge would be shocked by this nightmarish revelation. Finlay is really stealing the scene here, something not easy to do when you're in front of George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it lasts and continues, one extraordinary performance after another, making it look like you "I will live this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember him from Equalizer?). He is jovial and dangerous like the Spirit of the Christmas Gift. When he passes on the famous line: "it may be that in the eyes of Heaven you are more worthless and less able to live than MILLION like the child of this poor man", he is no longer a happy deputy of Santa Claus, but an angel of revenge, which gives Scrooge much needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a wonderfully tart half-Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to the suffering Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life with triple crosses of poverty, a sick child and an unbearable boss. His face shows alternately his cheerful courage, and sometimes fatigue in the face of unbearable circumstances. Later, in the scene where Scrooge is shown by the Christmas Spirit. However, to come with the Cratchit family after Tina Tim's death, Warner's performance, without saying a word, will take you to tears.
