"Deliverance" is a brilliant condensed epic of a group of completely contemporary men who set out on a canoe trip to briefly interact with nature and instead have to fight for their sanity, their lives, and perhaps even their souls. The film has aged well. Despite the fact that it was created in the early seventies, it certainly does not look particularly outdated. He still has an inner character and cult status as a dramatic philosophical-cultural vehicle shocked after the death of the sixties. There are very few films with similar conceits that can match it, although the legendary things of Sam Peckinpah would have to be there. Yes, there has been considerable debate and discussion about the most confronting scene of the film (which I will not discuss here) - and undoubtedly one of the most confronting scenes in the whole story of the cinema medium - but what surprises in this film are how painfully beautiful it is sometimes. It seems that this is generally overlooked (but in retrospect quite understandable). Pictures that capture the essence of a disappearing, fragile wild river are often absolutely stunning and counteract the film, because in a moment of short madness, we, the viewers - along with the characters - plunge into a constant nightmare. "The story of liberation is adequately lean and spontaneous, and it is surprising how quickly events develop from the moment it is established to the crisis and consequences. Everything takes place very quickly, which gives the film a very urgent character. The setting is determined effectively using the initial loans. All characters are well drawn, despite the limited time spent behind. We know enough about them to know them for the kind of man they are, like them and ultimately they are afraid of them when everything goes to hell. Conflict and violence in the film seem to explode out of nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic. This is the theme of the author of James Dickey - that every dominant romanticism about the nature of human perceived "goodness" can only diminish and die when its barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore. There are no demons or gods here. Predatory hills - like the central villains of the film - are simply primitive, terrifyingly amoral cousins ​​of our heroes. They shock because their evil is small and tangible. The film does not have any peripheral characters. Everything reflects something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanized Homo Sapiens in the 20th century, and all of them are very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as a gung-ho and almost deadly convinced Survivalist, Lewis, and it's a shame to think that he really could not regain his brief moment of dramatic glory for the rest of his still crumbling career "downstairs" (perhaps excluded) Boogie Nights "). Trust me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you will be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his usual effortless, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make a significant contribution. It's just a great quartet of actors. In conclusion, I have to speculate whether and when the "Deliverance" author of James Dickey will rise to "To the White Sea". For those who liked (?) This film, the TTWS is a similarly shocking tale of a US Air Force pilot's fight for survival after being shot down over the Japanese land during World War II. It's rather the typical grim existentialism and primeval wildlife that is Dickey's trademark, but it has all the features of a truly spectacular, poetic film experience. A few years ago, there was the suggestion that the Coen brothers could produce it, but it finally did not help. Being a die-hard Coen-o-phile, I am disappointed with thinking what could have happened if they got the green light on TTWS, and not on their recent relatively unstable efforts. Coming back to "Deliverance", you can not imagine a movie about such honest, annoying brutality in these times, which is quite embarrassing. We, cinema audiences, are poorer.
