This story is told and told further and continues to be told in every possible way. Charles Dicken's immortal story has been recreated in every possible way. I admit that I have not seen the classic version of Alistair Sim and I am sure I will do it someday, but I would be surprised if it touched even this amazing version from the eighties. I believe that if Dickens himself created his story for the film, that would be it. <br /> <br /> History is well known, I will not go into details because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich, stingy, vile old man is visited by the Spirit of his former partner and warned of his evil ways. To straighten him, three ghosts visit him, each of whom shows him a different perspective on life and the people with whom he is associated, in the past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this before him, he realizes the error of his ways and tries to take revenge for all the evil he has done. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely undeniably perfect for this role. He takes the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes it his own and creates an amazing character. He is not just an elderly old man, but someone who has been touched by certain situations in his life that have made him bitter and angry with the world. There is sympathy in him, but he keeps them below everything and is very involved. Scott fulfills the role of excellence when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> The leading role not only makes this movie appear, but everything else fits it. It's a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is played in front of our eyes, views and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze of the face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner perfectly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could see this movie on a dumb and bewildered scenery. This is not a spectacular scenery per se, but it is real. The film takes us from the market of high-class traders to the very gloomy pits of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is part of their roles and animates their literary counterparts. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his whole family, especially the young Tina Tim played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. Each ghost had its own distinct personality and added to the dark mood of this story. Christmas carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story in a dark period of life in England, and this is one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark, almost terrifying and must be frightening to scare a man who has been a miser about for many years. The dark atmosphere of the story is captured in this film and is almost frightening, yet the end is uplifting and giving away Christmas wonders. The score for this film is also something to be mentioned, because listening to it, whether it is a score or Christmas music, is epic and wonderful, and everything fits together. Apparently Christmas movies are my favorite, because I insist everyone will see this carol above all others. 10/10
