Marie: You are smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're like me, smooth and single does not go together. You see someone you like, as rare as possible, and you want to say something, but you do not want to. Or maybe you are saying something, but it ends with perhaps the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. More often, however, you do not look from afar and admire without having to deal with what is most agreeable, is the only way to get anywhere in your life? risk. You can not blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe he was burned before, maybe he's trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some important, others not, and all of them can be interpreted as justification, not reason. You tell yourself that you do not need it or that it is not the right time for you, but you still want it to happen. You will destroy it in any way, it is not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought, yes, even a bit, DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy of director Peter Hedges, is compulsory. It will reach you and somehow you can break and warm your heart at the same time. <br /> <br /> Dan from the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a columnist who is admired for his insight to live a balanced, fulfilling and morally uplifting life. Four years before the opening of the movie about a waking day, he lost his wife and the love of his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left alone to raise three daughters. Between this and the focus on his career, finding love again was not one of Dan's priorities. And that's why it has become more functional than feeling. Removed from the power of intimacy, Dan does not know what it means to be so close to someone and resigns from never knowing it again. That is, until she meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and equipment store in Connecticut on a calm morning. Their interaction is free, comfortable and attracts their attention. There really is only one problem. She's already dating someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family came to their parents' country home for an annual visit, and Dan must now spend the weekend laughing and longing for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie this morning. It lasted about an hour, but it took so long to wake Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members dealing (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are at the forefront), DAN IN TRUE LIFE occasionally moves away from its larger goal. While the life cycle of children and parents, aunts and uncles is difficult for Dan, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily as a distraction, assuming that it will ultimately lead to a more complete movie. Fortunately, Hedges has Carella who is carrying a heavy burden. I'm happy to see Steve Carell come to himself more and more with every picture he makes (despite the occasional EVAN ALMIGHTY size errors). He is a charismatic, charming and of course a sharp humorist. As Dan, he is also self-sufficient, awkward and frightened. Carell is a rare comedian who tries to find character in his roles, not rely solely on his comedic instincts and established personality. Perhaps, more importantly, it is completely dependent on Dan. No matter if he flopped on the bunk in the laundry room, where he is being sleeped as the only adult on this congress, or is drifting in the kitchen, he is not able to worry anymore, Dan is every guy who was not even sure of himself and he felt lonely in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that at the same time he becomes the heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> I was wondering after watching the movie, did I like it the same way I did, despite its slight shortcomings (Juliette Binoche? I know you can brighten up from time to time, but I do not recommend it unless it's about chocolate) because I'm in my life. Does anyone who discovers that someone else draws from the film the same sense and comfort? I can not say. What can I say, as someone who knows what it means to be lonely, DAN IN TRUE LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people have to be appreciated and nurtured. He also knows that anyone who can feel lonely on a given day or for several months should be reminded that there are still surprises.
