Extremely tacky and wonderfully unpretentious exploitation of the 80's, hooray! The initial opening sequences give a false impression that we are dealing with a serious and shocking drama, but you do not have to be afraid, because only ten minutes later we are up in absurd battles for chainsaws, rough fists, grim dialogues and unjustified nakedness! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned siblings with an extremely close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine how jokingly you break the towel that covers your sister's naked body and then stare at her unkempt genitalia for a few minutes? Because he does it to his sister, and judging from her baptized laughter, she does not mind it at all. Sick, old man! In any case, as children, they escaped from Russia with their parents, but the nasty soldiers brutally murdered their mother and daddy. A friendly smuggler took care of them, and even raised and trained Bo and Ingrid as smugglers' experts. When the actual plot ends, 20 years later, they face the final task, because the mythical and extremely valuable White Fire diamond is inadvertently found in the mine. Few things in life had so little sense as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it is certainly a great fun. Most of the time you have no idea who beaten or for whom (and I bet the actors understood even less), but whatever! Violence is extremely grotesque, and every turn of action is pleasantly delayed. The script is completely irreparable when suddenly? and I will not reveal why? Because he needs Ingrid's deputy, and Fred Williamson enters the stage with a big cigar in his mouth and dingy black fingers around the local prostitutes. The main enemy of Bo is an Italian chick with big breasts, but a hideous accent, a ridiculous but catchy theme song plays at least a dozen times throughout the film, it is a mandatory installation "we are in love" and a lot of other feminine charms! My God, what a great experience. The original French title translates into "Life to Survive", which is extremely suitable, because it has the same meaning as the rest of the movie: None!
