What can you say about the movie White Fire. Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Cheerful? These words are not large enough to describe an event that is White Fire. From a shaky, distorted start to a deep end, this movie will be entertained all the time. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in the forests of the country somewhere in the world. The family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in shop uniforms. When the father separates from the mother and their children, you have a real sense of what movie you watch. The father makes sure that he will roll the hills in his white outfit and be polite, because he draws people's attention before he shoots them, but unfortunately, Dad is burnt alive in something that looks like a very unsuspecting, dangerous feat. In the meantime, mother and children run along the beach with an armed soldier five feet behind them. He also gives a harsh warning against acting in the form of a bizarre "HALF" and then quickly wasting his mother. This sequence of actions creates a happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So now we are moving forward about 20 years (30, if you're honest about the age of the hero) to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred settled down as professional thieves, diamond seekers or something like that. Ingred works in the diamond mine, where he helps himself in the selection of goods, and Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives the desert in his denim outfits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any friends other than the others, and they spend all their time together. In combination with the fact that Bo expressed his desire to sleep with his sister, as evidenced by such lines as "you know it is a shame that you are my sister," he says to her when he is naked, create a very dynamic duet. Because he is then crushed when Ingrid is killed when he roams the Turkish beaches with a ceremonial pink scarf of regret. The renewal of hope comes when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and gives her a plastic surgery to look exactly like Ingrid. It opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister, without being technically spoiled. Because he is a true fan of ethical gray areas and is delighted with his new love. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there are lots of funny action scenes, funny violence, great acting, impossible to follow the story, Fred "hammer" Williamson (for some reason) and a big piece of dirty ice that is supposed to be gigantic diamond (which will later explode). All of these things are great, but Bo and Ingrid's relationship makes this movie special ... really special. Therefore, I strongly encourage everyone to see the majesty of the White Fire. You can be happy that you did it ... no.
