the government with which he fought to recognize his loyalty as a promised and much-needed retirement. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ode for everyone who, like a colonel, suffers from the abuse of a cynical and hardened society, which is strengthened by denying citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. In contrast to the absurdity of waiting for the GODOT, waiting the colonel for the arrival of his retirement gives hope and meaning to his unhappy life. Two things in the film fuel the colonel who is masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; hope that one day his military retirement will come and know that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, a reason other than drunken tailcoats on a fake cock fight. Not being able to realize the former, and forcing him to prove the other to the world, the colonel does the only thing he can do, preparing for training his son's combat cock. Dick is now a warrior who can bring fortune and justice to a colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his assassin's killer, Agustina, is his ring of fight. In the tense scene of the confrontation between Colonel and Nogalese, the murderer of his son, the colonel offers Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to compensate for the colonel's full pension. But this is the money of blood; silent money aimed at concealing the fact that those in power turned away from the one who fought for their political ideals, and to hide from the world that the son of a warrior colonel was murdered because he wrote for an underground newspaper that favored the labor rights of trade unions and average man. With maximum dignity, the colonel rejects Nogales' offer, raises the fighting cock, and walks away as noble as his old legs can carry him. When he is at home, Dona Lola, his scolding wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when they both were starving. In response to her constant question: "What we will eat until November (when the cockerel season will begin)", the colonel answers: "Shit." Droppings are what poor and disenfranchised people ate their whole lives, and excrement is a meal that a colonel often chooses to eat with dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel is the only man of honor and bravery in a world without rules.
