After consuming various seemingly immature movies purchased on DVDs with rental companies, I came to the conclusion that the time has come for a small serious drama, and who better to provide it than Sam Mendes? For many reasons, "American Beauty" does not appeal to me as much as this movie, which is the darkest thing Tom Hanks has ever done, and probably one of the most underrated movies of the last decade. This is not a simple gangster story taken from the beginnings of a graphic novel and simply wonderful to watch because of that. And despite my usual allergy to any movie with the name Tom Hanks (I still can not see "Big" without the need to kick a cat), I'm glad I tried because it's one of those movies that you'll kick in if you miss him. <br /> <br /> Normally squeaky, Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, devoted to the family and father of two sons who grew up during Prohibition in the early thirties. He is also a professional hitman of the mafia boss John Rooney (Paul Newman), but he managed to keep his work secret from sons. But after his eldest (Tyler Hoechlin) is a witness how his father is involved in killing crowds, the couple are forced to flee because John is trying to sort things out. Soon, father and son are being hunted to Chicago, where a teammate (dangerous Jude Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> At first glance, it sounds like a fairly standard gangster movie, but as I said it is not about gangsters at all. It's about the relationship between father and son thrown together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is (* a thick tooth *) wonderful, like a tortured man who learns that everything has a price, and little Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan's son. Honestly, there is not a single show that I could distinguish as weaker than others - the cast is almost flawless. Like the pictures and costumes (and often I do not praise the costumes!), Which recreates the 30s with a stunning effect. There was so much effort that everything would be fine, and it pays off. It could easily look like garbage - they admit that the appearance of the early 30's was hard to bear - but it does not deserve and deserves every loan. Chicago looks fantastic, with hundreds of shaky cars from the era and filled with people in monochromatic suits and hats. A real time travel, even if you need a small CGI. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often perceived as a stereotypical film villain. Law is surprisingly dangerous like the almost mechanical murderer Maguire and proves that you do not have to be Cagney, De Niro or Brando to play the gangster. The film is definitely hopeless, rainfall and poorly lit magazines prevail, but at least violence and killing are (at last) perceived as exerting emotional and psychological influence on those who commit and those who only witness such acts. The whole recalls the previous age and previous films, but sweeps away the old and refreshes with a modern tale of redemption among the shootings Tommy-Gun and extortion rockets. In some places it may seem a bit slow, especially if you're used to shooting masses in movies, like most of today's audience (like yours really), but sometimes words can speak louder than actions. Mendes is a great successor to his Oscar-winning debut, a film as intelligent as it is beautiful. "Road to perdition" may not match the tastes of everyone, but it is one DVD, which I will not be exchanging in the near future.
