Expelled from home and theater through the heat, I could not be happier. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is to become one of the best films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; maybe I just saw the same motifs that were repeatedly processed. But this movie is really different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with young Michael Sullivan Jr. going out to sea, considering duality of father's heritage - one of the best people to live, one of the most evil. This duality wraps throughout the entire movie. The story revolves around the head of the crimes of John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), a young man whom Rooney once embraced and who now serves as his personal "Angel of Death". Rooney is blood-tied to his own son, but he is bound to love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he is reading, steals one night in his father's car while Dad leaves "work" with Connor Rooney, heir to the "business" family. Connor allows the situation to get out of control, and what was just meant to be a warning turns into a murder - says Michael Jr. After discovering that young Michael saw what he should not have seen, the conspiracy is in motion, conflicting loyalties collide. Soon Michael Sr. he is on the run with his young son, chased by contractor killer Harlan "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not reveal any further details to avoid potential spoilers. However, I strongly encourage viewers to explore the many dualities that appear in the film: problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr and Jr., John Rooney and son Connor), between the world at home and the world in "work", between good and evil, between those who pretend to be God's men, and those who really are, between "pure" money and "dirty", between the city of perdition and perdition as hell. Along the way, enjoy the visual glow of the operator Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for the best photos): rain pouring from the fedor, arrows through the mirrors (especially on the swinging door), a brilliant pistol from the shadow, no sound. 75-year-old Hall not only gave us the best movie product in his career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of his best performances in history. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I can grow old. But I have seen a lot ... and it is fresh and refreshing. The road to perdition is a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre, 40s movies, dark comic characters lurking in the dark, villains and heroes, generally for the American film. Go see him!
