If you thought about Sam Mendes' first film, then the American beauty trailer was a very good movie, wait until you see his long-awaited second effort, inexorably grim, gangster melodrama from the 1930s ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics have hailed this new film as a worthy successor to THE GODFATHER, a hasty judgment of several reviewers with the extraordinary technical prowess of Mr. Mendes. If the mechanics of making films makes the picture great, then ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of achievements in the field of cinematography, editing, music score and sound. What you do not have is a resonance, which all wonderful stories and very rare films stay with the viewer long after reading or watching. As in the case of American BEAUTY, this film has a cold, distant atmosphere, despite the very tight scenes in which fatherly love, loyalty and betrayal are born. <br /> <br /> This story about a hit man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship for a replacement father - a character who is also his boss, an elder Irish mafia leader (Paul Newman), seems to have been killed from countless gangsters films from many years ago. The motif of the father / son who hangs over this image is so heavy in treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; the whole undertaking has been very carefully made, and almost all of the dialogue is delivered with a great announcement: it is of course a gangster movie, hence the required amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of a sense of humor with; only in the scenes with the participation of a young boy driving a car escaping in a skilfully assembled assembly is a sense of lightness for the sourness of the all-encompassing sense of doom. <br /> <br /> With this in mind, I have nothing but the highest praise for the stunning look of this film; in fact, it's no exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed movies I have ever seen. Cameraman veteran Conrad Hall will probably win another Oscar for his work here. Sets and production costumes are just as exemplary; in fact, the whole movie is a technical miracle. Mr. Mendes is still surprising with his vivid use of color, and he and Mr. Hall are again making the dramatic use of red blood sprayed with pale walls, all the more effective and disturbing because of the predominance of black, blue and gray that dominate the color scheme of the film. <br /> <br /> If I failed to properly record the acting, it's not because the actors do not go well; everyone in the film is top notch, with two sinister villains in mind: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate," the spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and almost unrecognizable Jude Law as a particularly slimy wicked man who chases Hanks and his son, and very important characters in the riveting second part of the film. But behaving in the film, this dazzling place will certainly take the back seat of photographic fireworks display at the exhibition. If Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt that it would look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
