The road to perdition, the movie undeservedly omitted this year Oscars is Sam Mendes's second work (and in my opinion his best work), director who three years earlier won the Oscar for the widely acclaimed but controversial American Beauty. It is a great movie, and at the same time very poignant and sad. <br /> <br /> This is a story of a relatively prosperous and happy family from an external appearance in difficult times of depression, when father, Michael Sullivan, father of two children, played by the great Tom Hanks (I'm not his admirer, but I should say that) is a hit man for the local mafia boss, played by Paul Newman. His eldest son, thirteen-year-old boy Michael Sullivan Jr., perfectly played by young Tyler Hoechlin, after years of blissful ignorance, learns what his father's work is and what money their families have. Under the influence of curiosity and the quest to learn the truth, he accidentally becomes a witness to the murder committed by John Rooney, the son of his father's boss. Such a discovery hits an innocent soul and caused numerous events that changed his life forever. The atmosphere of this period, all backgrounds and decorations are perfectly created, the assembly and photos are almost flawless, while the story is well written. But the main line of the film, the most important moments and points of the film and the key factor in the success of the film are difficult father-son relationships in bad times. They are shown so deeply, strongly and credibly. Tom Hanks has excellent results and has one of the best performances in his career in a rather unusual role for him, and all the acting is excellent. Finally, it is worth mentioning a very nice record of Paul Newman and as a result we get the excellent work of all those involved in creating this beautiful (but once again sad) masterpiece. I believe that Road to Perdition is one of the greatest film achievements of this decade and is undoubtedly one of the best films of the year. <br /> <br /> My class is 10 out of 10
