This version of the classic "A Christmas Carol" by Dickens from 1984. Directed by Clive Donner, stars George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At that time, the challenge for the filmmaker was to take such well-known material and make it seem fresh and new; I am happy to say that thanks to this film Donner not only met the challenge, but exceeded all expectations that anyone could have for him. He tells the story with precision and attention to detail and draws out performances by his actors who are nothing but excellent, especially Scott. One could argue that the definitive representation of Scrooge - one of the best-known literary figures ever - was created by Alastair Sim in the film from 1951; but I think that thanks to this performance, Scott achieved this distinction. There is such purity and honesty in Scrooge that it is difficult even to consider someone else in this role when you saw Scott doing it; simply, IS Scrooge. And what a tribute to such a talented actor; be able to adopt such a well-known figure and make it so unique that it is quite wonderful. It is a real joy that I see so well an actor who is able to make his profession, to make a character so real, out of every word he utters, to the most perfect expression of his face and make it all so real. It is a study in perfection. <br /> <br /> The other cast members are also great, but then they must be there to preserve the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do. Frank Finlay is the Spirit of Jacob Marley; meaningful phrase, though not as memorable as Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the movie "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome image as the Spirit of Christmas; Edward Woodward, great and noisy, and totally convincing as the Spirit of Christmas; and Michael Carter, grim and threatening, as the Spirit of Christmas will come. <br /> <br /> David Warner hit Bob Cratchit with his honesty, bringing honesty to the role that Scott Scrooge's quality meets the standard, and Susannah York the same as Mrs. Cratchit. The real gem, however, is the performance of young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; it is cordial, never falling apart, and just one of the best interpretations - and the most true - ever presented in the film. <br /> <br /> An excellent support cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, as well as the film's narrator), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan) . Flawless presentation, this version of "A Christmas Carol" sets the standard according to which all others have to be evaluated; no matter how many versions you've seen, watching it is like seeing it for the first time in history. And always after you think about Scrooge, the picture that conjures up your mind will be like George C. Scott. This film, fully entertaining and satisfying, requires a place in the annual schedule of the holiday celebrations of each house. I rate this 10/10.
