Wow ... I mean that WOW is one of the best stories I've ever had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, are training in the forbidden Cursed Sources and ignoring their warnings, they both fall in the spring. Dad, Genma, the source of the drowned Panda. And 16-year-old Ranma, spring of a drowned girl. Now, with each splash of cold water, they turn into being titled in the spring in which they landed. No, this is just the beginning. As if being one of the strongest teens ever to change into a woman is not enough, Ranma has to do with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy art styles, crazy high school rule, left and right opponents to score points to settle down with Ranma, to shock their lives in some way or "rob" their loved ones. Speaking of loved ones, I lost consciousness of how many times the boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. And not once was his fiancée, Akane. And only from the first few chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I have never come across something so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... from this world, yet so much to Earth and credible ... I can not even describe it fully. It's just a charming story that's easy to get to. What I like about it is humor. Not once did I laugh out loud with manga and you do not have to try any tricks that you would catch in Simpson or something like that. I could read every part of the comic and I would laugh from the beginning to the end. The other thing is the characters. Ranma, you would think that making him too strong will be a retreat, but not ... with every small problem that's being stumbled upon by him, he's doing everything in his power to survive half his time, and his personality is like that a stupid boy seems, but when the worst comes to the worst, he can be a calculated genius. And to think that out of hundreds of perverts in Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverts, everyone is being considered by everyone in his city, and more by Akane, the worst pervert he has ever lived. His father Genma, would you think that his father's figure blends into the background? Correct! But whenever he has a spotlight ... he just gives you more reasons to hate him and at the same time love him! Do you think you know the worst anime dad? You did not meet Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the few people she can stand. Probably the strongest character in the series, but he has two drawbacks, one is his curse, which turns him into a pig, but his worst mistake ... is the lack of sense of direction! Then ... you know, I could spend hours at the computer explaining all the characters, the story, everything positive about it, but it would be pointless. <br /> <br /> Check out the series if you do not have NOW! You will not regret! Although I would advise you to check the comics first. I like the anime, but I had problems getting the series at a good price. And a bit of humor does not translate into both anime and manga. I think it's partly because the comic seems more cartoon to me. But anyway win win! 10 out of 10!
