admittedly, for the first time I received Ranma 1/2, when I was about twelve years old. I was in the library and desperately looking for something good to read. Then I went to the Komiks / Manga section and noticed this book. On my first few readings in chapters, I did not really know what was going on, but I knew that I liked it. I even took him home for a few more readings. Honestly, I did not get anywhere. And then, about five months (I'm 16 now), my friend watched an anime series and remembered the manga. I did not remember what it was called, but I remembered that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I searched it on Google, and then I made a rash decision to view all 161 episodes. At first, I was a little rejected by the 1990 graphics, but in the end it did not matter. No anime has ever made me laugh so much and rewind, watch again. I once watched 45 more episodes in one day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - as crazy as it sounds - about watching Ranma. I've never found a TV series so enjoyable, so fun and so warm to watch. To this day 161 episodes are not enough to satisfy me. Of course, the ending of the cliffhanger was enough to make me go crazy, but the series itself was enough to continue reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSIVE martial artists. They are so intense that they went to ancient training grounds in China and were "cursed". The area was full of different basins with springs, and if you land in one, you take on the shape of what drowned in it while pouring cold water. For Genma it was PANDA, and for Ranma it was ... a girl! This is a very crafty, funny story. In addition, Genma promises her friend that Ranma will marry one of her daughters to keep Tendo's dojo alive. Of course, the one with which he adapts hates his guts and mutual feelings. Of course, they start to like each other, but in both cases stubbornly admit it. But ... Genma has a story in it. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's fun, cordial and amazing.
