First, Edison Chen performed a fantastic, credible job as a Cambodian striker, born and bred in landfills and a ring of gladiators, where he perfected his art of wild batteries to survive by living on a killing mantra or dying. In a role that had a small dialogue or at least a few lines in Cambodian-Thai, his performance is convincing, he should probably be in the Jet Li Danny the Dog, in which the man is bred solely for the purpose of fighting and on someone's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, often talked about naked shins, the combat sequences are not choreographically stylized, but rather designed as normal, brutal fistuffy, where everything goes. This probably brought a sense of realism and gravel when you see the protagonists throw each other's throats, defend their own lives, take them away from others. It is a gloomy, rough and dark film both literally and figuratively, which distinguishes it from the ordinary dark thriller of policemen. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a hired weapon from Cambodia, which becomes a fugitive of Hong Kong, fleeing the cops when his pickup went wrong. The leader of the chase is a team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who must struggle with an independent member Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), whose inclusion and adoption in the team was related to his father's sins. So the game cat-and-mouse begins in the dark shades and shadows of the resurgent side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on many levels, especially in studies on the character of a pusher, and a policeman. On opposite sides of the law we can see in every form not black and white, but shades of gray. With a hit, we see his caring side, when he went into a frenzy and developed feelings of love for the girl (Pei Pei), bringing a sense of maturity, tenderness and revealing a heart of gold. The policeman, with dubious tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how you can be fastened when she is ready to do anything to complete the task. There are many interesting moments of moral questioning about how anti-heroes and nefarious strategies are being adopted. You ask what man does and what the beast does, and if we have a tendency to change sides depending on the circumstances - do we have this dark inner streak in each of us, transforming from human to dog and dog into a man? Dog Bite Dog grabs you from the beginning and never lets go all the way down, though there are points halfway that seemed to go on, especially at its tender moments, and also suffered from ignorance when you finished. If I choose a favorite scene, it must be the one in the food center on the market - very well controlled and delivered, full of tension seat position. Listen to the musical score and you do not dream if you hear a dog growls. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend it, especially if you think you've seen almost everything from the genre of thrillers.
