Despite quite far from my expectations, I was very impressed with Dog Bite Dog. I rented it without knowing too much, but basically I expected it would be a martial arts / action movie in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, which I am a devoted fan of. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not bad at all. While the film could be classified as such, and definitely there are a few good actions and melee scenes in the film, this is definitely not the main goal. His characters are infinitely more important to the film than his fights, which is rare in many action movies in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the intricacies of the character and the relationship of the characters in the film. The main character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex at the end of the movie than I thought after watching the first thirty minutes. The police heroes have accurately opposed my expectations. In fact, the stern and honest portrait of the dark side of police forces, which was rarely seen, was quite a favorite aspect of the film. I do not know if I would say that Dog Bite Dog completely undermines the typical notions of a bad criminal, a good policeman, but he certainly distorts them in a way that is not often seen in the film (unfortunately). So many movies, especially Hong Kong action movies that I see, present the police in what is honest, VERY unknowingly idealized light. This is one of my least favorite things in this genre. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that Dog Bite Dog has very special and really bold ideas for presenting police forces. In this movie, there are negotiation scenes I have never seen before, and I doubt if I will ever see anything again, and I'm sure I will remember it for a long time. Also criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective, there is also documentary in the film about Cambodian boys not older than ten, forced to fight to death with bare hands, which I thought was one of the most powerful and moving moments of the film. It says a lot about why these guys are what they are and not just condemn them. In addition, the relationship between Chen and the girl he meets in the yard of rubbish, reveals a lot about his character. It was only when this element entered the movie that I really began to see the film as an emotional experience, not just emotional. There is something in the screen that does not reach me, but for some reason it really was. The actress does an amazing job with this role, which, as I imagine, was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also has some really breathtaking photos, but unfortunately it is quite uneven. There were a few moments that really hit me, especially in the last segment of the movie, but there was also a lot of camera work that was just right. Another minor problem I had was stimulation, which was also uneven. Many scenes of "looking for a boat" turned out to be a bit alienating, although it appears quickly. Action scenes are short and not very generous, but they are really powerful and effective, especially towards the end. The choreographic struggle is not so impressive, although it is solid and quite realistic on the basis of it, but the real strength is the emotional content of fights. The last scene, though not a miracle of martial art or combat choreography, is one of the most powerful final battles I've ever seen, and I've seen a few martial arts films. <br /> <br /> I suppose the biggest factor in determining if someone gets a lot from Dog Bite Dog is whether you can connect with characters. All of them are certainly one of the most defective characters that they will most likely see in any movie, but in each of them there was something very human that I could not resist and really feel, especially Chen's. I should say that I doubt if most people will like this movie the way I do, because I imagine that most people will not like or care for the characters in the same way, but I still highly recommend the same thing. It's really a deeply moving movie if you give it a chance.
