I have to be simple - I have not seen a film as solid as DOG BITE DOG for a long time. I am a huge fan of CATIII "oldschool" movies from the late 80s and mid 90s and I heard that this "style" of films returns a little to films such as this, and GONG TAU Herman Yau (I have not seen this magazine yet ... ), so I was very interested to give some of these newer CATIII shots. Did this movie meet my expectations? Absolutely - but not exactly in the way that I imagined. <br /> <br /> The story tells of a young, animal, resourceful and practically unstoppable Thai murderer with a somewhat obscure history who comes to Hong Kong to complete his "mission." Due to his misfortune, he is quickly identified by a mischievous copy (which emanates many from the same features as our hitman) and is quickly arrested and captured.This state of affairs does not last long, because the unnamed killer escapes from the kidnappers and quickly shows the local police that it can not be underestimated. The hunt continues, and plays the cat and a mouse between the police and the "crazy dog" (as the police say) On the way, Mad Dog is accidentally befriended by a slow young woman, and a bond is formed between them, helping him out of the sticky situation. is to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand with all the necessary means, and the cops are still trying to get him żywcem ... <br /> <br /> I could probably write ten paragraphs about this complex and thoroughly layered movie, but I do not want to give too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG not knowing anything about the premise, and I think it is a kind of film that is much better appreciated in this way. When it comes to comparisons with older CATIII movies ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has hyper-aggressive moments that resemble "good, good" days, but it is never as dingy and gloomy as classical classics, such as THE UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. Where the main intention of older CATIII films was "shocking" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thought-out and rounded production (though not to take away any of the CATIII movies that I love so much). .). This film is much more "emotional" than the exploiter, and because we learn more about characters and their origin, the audience begins to associate and identify with both sides. There are really no clear "good" and "bad" guys, because Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and the cops bend over unconventional methods to try to kill the killer. The film also has no nudity / sex, which is a typical feature of older CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG to SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE, and maybe BANGKOK, a dangerous brother of Pang, because both of these films combined extremely emotional accents with strong and unwavering action and violence. Again - in this movie I did not like anything. Acting is dead, the photos are sharp and well made, and the whole film skillfully combines several different elements successfully in a way that is not very often seen. Is this film (and others like it ...) "rebirth" of the CATIII movie - not really - but it is a very solid movie that is absolutely worth checking out ... 9/10
