People who know Asian cinema as a whole are aware of the fact that Japan is known or known because its hyper-brutal films gain a reputation for brutally violent films. Dog Bites Dog, though not necessarily as aggressive as the craziest Miike movie, nor is it as brutally brutal as some of Korea's more ambitious efforts, is perfect between its own brand of brutality. The greatest strength of this film, like the biggest of Japanese and Korean efforts, is that brutality, instead of weakening the movie, actually develops the characters, if not, moving the story forward. The two main heroes are incredibly cruel individuals with their own motivations and emotional foundations for being such. For example, the character of Sam Lee from the very beginning is on the edge, and slowly and surely, among various meetings with the character of Chang, it reveals why it is so. Without too much corruption this part of the story is associated with the morally dubious nature of the father. On the other hand, the character of Chang has his original instincts sharpened, if not perfection, brutal performance. Surprisingly, the arc of Chang's story, though not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals the side of our animal nature that many forget and which is a natural ability to recognize another broken animal (and no, I'm not talking about Samu Lee, rather a character girls from the Pei Pei garbage dump). Ultimately, however, for the first 80 minutes is more or less a simple cat and mouse or dog chase, a movie in which every meeting ends with at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square off, someone will die), and a funny part of the movie is that you never know who will commit an act. Which leads us to one weakness of the film. The inability to delve into this movie would be another spoiler, but, to put it simply, the blame is to push one of the main points of the movie, because instead of letting this issue take 80 minutes in the movie, the movie goes on for another 20 minutes to emphasize it even more . Do not get me wrong if it changes better from 80 minutes to the climax and if the last act would not be filled with sweet music (in fact, like most of the movie, keep the music at a minimum level and let the disturbing sound effects do its job), it still could act and not make the film look less. Although despite the third act having the most cruel and bloody encounters, the way he was treated made him feel attached and almost offend viewers' intelligence because he felt he must go so far as to defeat her. Nevertheless, it is still a breath of fresh air from the Hong Kong cinema, because even the most bloody martial arts films never reach the level of cruelty and brutality, keeping the character's arcs to the bar.
