WOW. If you think that the movie can not endure fatigue, you have not seen Dog Bite Dog. This film has no blows and does not avoid showing very disturbing images. Like Salo, this one shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It is rough, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it is also one of the best films ever made in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is much more similar, but do not keep thinking that it is extremely trivial. It's mainly about a troublesome and obsessive detective in a game of cat and mouse, against a professional and emotionless man-hit. While the script does not offer anything new on the surface, it provides many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Are we becoming more or less human when we abuse a 5-year-old child, without mercy, without remorse? In turn, we humans act no less than angry dogs, when we are blinded by anger, it is a sad truth. This is a topic that the director explores perfectly, not limiting himself at all. In addition to pursuing the cat and mouse, the script also creates two separate story lines for the main characters. One is for love and the other for redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it's still great written and keeps you in your chair all the time. <br /> <br /> Acting is really good. Edison Chen as a striking man is amazing; proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, wicked and out of sympathy. Sam Lee as an obsessive policeman is also outstanding. In short, the supporting staff is excellent. It is also worth mentioning music. Very bleak result of Ben Cheung with a few spectacular light songs played at key moments of the film. Pictures by Yuen Man are really good. <br /> <br /> In general, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Very well-mastered, incredibly behaving, wonderfully conquered and just really good at the end of it all. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should stay away from it. If you do not like heavy negativity in the film, it is not for you. In the end, a movie with a superpower, 8/10.
