It's remarkable and praiseworthy, as writers and directors are still making great films from one of the oldest and most (over) used feature lines in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically little more than the usual story of a lonely husband obsessively chasing a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest, being extremely aggressive and relentless. This is undoubtedly one of the most poignant and uncompromising movies I have ever seen, with the atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to go straight out of hell! Even the installments of the Chan-Wook Park trilogy (with the possible exception of "Oldboy") or other notorious Cat-III movies have never been as sadistic and brutal as some of the events featured in "Dog Bite Dog." Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian killer who lands on the crowded streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of an outstanding judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive, young officer Wai sees Pang hurriedly flees from the crime scene and follows him. The first real confrontation between two angry dogs leads to a gigantic bath of blood, because Pang mercilessly kills several hostages, and even a longtime friend and colleague Wai. From this moment, an exciting and action-packed game of cat and mouse begins between a frustrated cop and a professional killer. The latter also saves the young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and stays with her in her shed at the local rubbish dump. What makes this routine action / thriller so fascinating (apart from overt violence) is the background for the main characters! Pang, hit-man, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He does not know any restrictions, he has no mercy and he barely speaks a word. Wai, the cop, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox, since his father with a role model (also a policeman) lies in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; he screams at them and is willing to sacrifice everything to stop his new nemesis. People with a weak stomach or tangled nerves should stay away from the film, because the cruelty and shock of the Dog Bite Dog can easily cause nausea. It is not a kind of violence in which bloody heads and chopped limbs fly in the air, but a more intense and completely disturbing type in which people try to crush opponents both mentally and physically. Movie locations are effectively dark and ghostly, and extremely sober music makes the annoying tone of the film even more petrified. The performances are great! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other like enemies on a film set because their hatred on the screen and their disgust are a bit too justified. "Dog Bite Dog" is a strong and unforgettable movie, highly recommended if you can stand it. If you are worried that you can not, just wait a few years for the inevitable American remake that will undoubtedly ease the premise.
