Most reviews say that this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This movie is a bit different from the rest, and given that it's the best or the worst, it depends on what you expect from the movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you can be slightly surprised. While Bilitis looks like his books in motion with all these young girls discovering themselves and relationships with each other on the borderline of lesbians, with the plot combining these scenes, Laura focuses on several characters, which allows developing relationships between them (male-female, artist- model), but although we see beautiful pictures, many of them better than its average, their number is reduced due to the plot. Tendres cousins ​​are different from both, only Hamilton's film looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. For this reason, it may be acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans who look like an erotic comedy (but not a German soft-core type - fans of the "Schulmädchen report" would be very disappointed). You will not laugh much, but you can smile (which you will not get from Hamilton often). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of women varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual works, this one is not out of place and there is no time. We have characters who live their lives, have their own destiny and do not just lead us from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with the script in his hands. Girls on the beaches, in the shower, in poorly lit rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothes - this is his territory, he can shoot minutes and hours, and whatever he does, always keep the artist's eye and hand behind together. But when he has to introduce us to the average everyday life, he ceases to be Hamilton and becomes the average director who follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his acts, but they are only part of his work. In Tendres cousins ​​we have the opposite situation: his girlfriends do not have the best photos. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton's work (often neglected), while the girls, even the naked ones, have nothing special about the way in which he presents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused, having a boy in front of the camera, maybe thinking about a line that the censor would accept, maybe he really tried to do something new (and no one dared tell him he should not), but he neglected what he was most praised for.
