I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs of naked women on the verge of femininity, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. Someone else liked them too, because my books by David Hamilton were stolen. In one book there were several pictures of a young boy, of course naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked. Although discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. The new territory of David Hamilton, which turned out to be either photos from the movie Tendres Cousines, or maybe photos on the set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the art of photography does not automatically translate into cinematography. Soft focusing becomes blurred and discrete angles become confusing, perhaps because they can not be taken into account in motion. Either you see her or you miss her and there is no time for observation, understanding. The film is supposed to be a farce and funny things happen, but they do not "spin", maybe because the story develops so slowly and you wonder what is going on. In the end, Julien, 14, has a relationship with his cousin, but it is a soft core with no sexual contact shown on the camera. Because this is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and an embarrassing catch in the acting gag, and after they catch up, Julien's father hands him a cigarette to complete the experience. In fairness, the film is in French and is compatible with French film forms that may be too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles to help us philistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this movie is child pornography, and this certainly stems from today's climate in which sexual abuse of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to support or appear to support the sexual exploitation of children, so there is virtually no room for children to be perceived in the mildest erotic context without immediately activating alarms about sexual violence and exploitation. The guys will think "Lucky Julien!" Even if they agree that sex and children in movies is a "bad thing", all the time he wants them to be Julien at this age. Women can also have similar thoughts, but all such considerations must be forced out of the conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic, and children's and sex matters are rigorously avoided. It is a pity because sexual awakening is a real human experience. In addition, all children grow up and become sexual beings just like Julien does. It's a matching literary theme, including cinema, but a taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I think, took the risk of making a film about it even in 1980. He managed to discover this delicate subject and, unfortunately, probably in the near future we will not see better because of the fear of child pornography.
