It was a very funny movie and I really liked it, normally I do not rent movies like these (eg India flick), but the movie attracted me because he had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I loved from the trilogy Krzyk. The director risked (and it is a risky risk), telling the lives of many (and I mean MANY) different people and interweaving at different intervals. Taking this risk was a good idea, because its end result is an exceptionally good film. <br /> <br /> The movie has several main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - a dissatisfied creator of fortune cookies, whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the rocks due to quarrels. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - loader / aircraft technician who loves all living creatures (except perhaps counting maids) and who, despite having a good heart, has more and more bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop, which is a germplasm and therefore fears germs, places his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), who is convinced he is trying; keep him from playing, look funny, go crazy and do not live normally. They start having small and almost crazy arguments, and Olive is seriously beginning to have doubts about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life is not going too well, because bad things start to add up in his life, he decides to take them in his hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and that they are meant for themselves, although he is more skeptical. He's trying to get her for every chance, and he's definitely trying! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been dismissed from work and has doubts about his role as a supplier, he is undertaking another job that he simply is not suitable for. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforted by her experience of losing her job until she learns that Johnston was not a loving husband she thought she was. <br /> <br /> In total, I strongly suggest this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
