The only reason I give this number 9 is that the other actors who played Tadashi's executioners were not ready for work. I suppose they were just children who proved to be the right age and handy, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were a bit irritating. <br /> <br /> I say not to judge it according to American standards, because it is full of ambiguity and the kinds of ambiguity that Japanese culture readily embraces, and is not related to the moral limitations of American children "movies are routinely subjected to. For example, there is an extremely funny moment when a small group accompanies Yokai Tadashi is disappointed and abandoned by other yokai, and Shojo - a nimble harbinger of Kirin - does what many stressed Japanese do. Tip: This would not happen in the Disney movie. This photo also has the best beer place you'll ever see in a children's movie. <br /> <br /> At the beginning there is a moment when the teacher beats a few rascals on her head with his book of presence. A few years earlier there was a TV commercial in Japan. It was an animation of stop-motion clay about a kid who is depressed and plays the guitar and sings the blues in his room. His mother yells at him from below to shut him up. Then someone gives him a chocolate bar, and he cheers and sings a joyful tune, but his mother enters and tells him to shut up and give him a glaze that leaves a dent on his forehead. I mention this advertisement because it was considered funny and I did not hear any objections to it when I was there. On the screen of "The Great Yokai War" there is a lot more bloodshed and physical atrocities than in the Disney movie. As a parent, if it was a movie in the United States, I would defend myself in such matters, though not necessarily moral lessons at the end of the picture, which are obviously not black and white. Because it is a Japanese film, I accept that these cultural norms allow imaging that does not exceed the standards and practices of cops in American production. However, I would probably be a little worried when young children see it without giving them a pre-premiere briefing and / or post-show coverage of violence and other atypical things, or wait until they're older to show it to them.
