And last night I had the pleasure of seeing a BUG movie at a Florida film festival and let me say it's a real treat. The directors were there and they did Q & A later. The film begins with the fact that the young boy breaks the hurdle under his foot, and the man who is nearby, parks the car and sees a young boy crashing over him and running to ask the kid why? why? Did he have to kill this living being? in his rush to advise young people on their mistakes, the man neglects the payment for a parking meter, which begins the entire chain of events involving people who are not related to him at all, some are funny, some sad and some funny. This movie has a lot of laughter, a lot! and there are many actors you recognize. The main actors who stood out for me in the film were: Jamie Kennedy (from the comedy Jamie Kennedy Experiment, playing for a fortune, John Carroll Lynch (playing brother Drew in the guise of Drew Carey) playing a loving man who is animalless to do this, Brian Cox (original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) playing on the germafobic pond owner with donuts and Chinese food is on the sidewalk saying "clean up this death", which is quite funny, mainly due to Cox's "obsession with germs" The funniest moment in the film comes when a young boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier that day shouting "MotherF *****" during the lesson. Another extremely funny and surreal scene is the situation in which Trudie Styler (Mrs. Sting herself) and another actor performs a stage at a cable show, from a film in which a plastic bubble boy, an actor who hosts a cable show It's just amazing, it's so serious and deadly dangerous, and its performance as both a doctor and a boy in a plastic bubble is fascinating. The film has many other great and fun actors and actresses who shot the movie in less than a month with a budget of about $ 1 million, directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are screenwriters from the industry, wrote crazy / beautiful and the upcoming Tuxedo with Jacek Chan realized a film that is great, entertaining and endearing.
