Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history and deservedly so I'm happy to see their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is approaching the completion of the rejuvenation formula, with the possibility of reversing aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are chimney sweepers who come to do their job, and very soon Ollie wants to get away from Stan by making mistakes. Ollie approaches the roof to help the other end of the brush on the top of the chimney, but Stan in the salon pushes him back to the attic. After breaking the extension Stan receives replacement, loaded weapon, from the wall and, of course, starts the brush. Stan walks over to look, and Ollie, standing in the attic of the door, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he was wounded, and Ollie only says, "I have nothing to say." Ollie returns to the roof, and he and Stan finish in towing and pulling a quarrel that ends at Ollie falling and destroying the chimney. Ollie, without a hat, the fireplace is hit on the head by a lot of going bricks, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered in smoke from the chimney ash, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan rips the carpet with a shovel, Ollie asks: "You can not do anything right," and Stan says, "I have nothing to say," hitting the head with a shovel. When Ollie holds the bag to Stan for clearing the ashes, he scatters their picture on the wall, and the ashes end up in Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle ends his formula and performs the last test on the duck, with a drop in the water tank, turning it into a duckling. It also shows the boys their success, turning the duckling into an egg, and then proposing the use of a human object, i.e. His butler. When it is not there, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends with the fact that Stan falls into the tank with the whole formula. Finally, when Ollie appeared, the monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, everyone Ollie Ape says, "I have nothing to say," and Stan is crying. Filled with wonderful slapstick and all the classic comedies you might want from a black and white film, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were numbers 7 in comic comics. Very good!
