This is an amazing comedy by Laurel & Hardy with something like a split personality: sometimes it seems that two films made in different styles have been combined into one short movie. Fortunately, each portion is fun in itself, and seemingly effortless clown boys carry the day and synthesize different elements of the film into a fun whole. Although I have never heard a fan quote DIRTY WORK as his favorite comedy Laurel & Hardy, it seems everyone likes it. <br /> <br /> Our story takes place at the home of Professor Noodle, which is one of the key elements of the story: a wildly exaggerated parody of Mad Scientist scripts. This means a rare science fiction venture for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges tangled with crazy doctors much more often than Stan and Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the skepticism of the viewer with his eyes turned over and from time to time a dry thud. Meanwhile, Stan and Ollie are the chimney sweepers who appear in the professor's house on the day that he improves his solution. "Their" part of the film consists of a characteristic (but first-class) slapstick covering the chimney, roof, shovels and a number of unfortunate mishaps. If you do not like to see how these guys screw up the task, you probably will not like DIRTY WORK, but for fans of the band, this movie is a feast. The highlight is the moment when Ollie falls through the chimney, lands in the fireplace, and then gets hit by bricks that fall on his head with mad rhythmic precision, one after the other. I also like the shot of Ollie falling from the roof to the greenhouse; work on the process is so careless that I suspect it was some kind of internal joke, the W.C. Fields' films would be equipped with the world's worst back projection screens. <br /> <br /> Slapstick stuff is great fun, but this crazy scientist motif makes this movie uncommon, and two supporting players deserve the tip of a bowler hat: Lucien Littlefield is a prolific character actor who is great as a professor, providing its overripe lines with taste and cackling with cheerful joy, while Sam Adams is a stitch in the less-impressive role of Jessupa butler. Just like Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in excellent condition, it's always worth noting that their supporting casts at Hal Roach Studio gave their films a huge boost. Usually the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK is a rare occasion from this period that Roach's comedy does not have any musical accompaniment after the opening credits. Romantic music could strengthen the proceedings, but no matter what; it is a very pleasant comedy and is the best example of what made Laurel and Hardy so popular in their time.
