I found this movie for the first time when I was looking for a job at Stéphane Rideau, who participated in the extraordinary delight created by the surprisingly beautiful «Les roseaux sauvages» (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres) by André Téchiné. I was looking for similar films in the age line. I found the movie "Presque Rien", in which director Sébastien Lifshitz impresses us, winning the nomination at the Cannes festival in 2000. The story tells about two guys, a nice "boy from the neighborhood", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meets during the summer holidays. Far from the place he lives in, Mathieu spends days with her sister on the beach. There he meets Cédric, a local with whom he establishes an aesthetic and revealing relationship, with the sensual and seductive personality Stéphane Rideau gives his heroes (in "Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger, he still retains the innocence of a sweet seducer who matures here in experiment). Directed example, in a love sequence, in intimate and confessional description of boys who first faced their (still ambiguous) sexuality and great love. First love, in her terrible progression - despair of ecstasy. The best film is the best in France: passionate passion, hot and excited rationalism, brownish beauty, simple and natural acceptance from families, though not without surprise and first anger. However, there is a beach, luminosity, lightness and simplicity of summer, freshness of the breeze, melody of the wave and expressive eyes of the introverted Elkaim (hesitant, wounded, intrigued, passionate). Sex is not avoided or used, it is treated as it is, without exhibitionism. Because of pure talent, it is a dramatic work of unprecedented quality, without cheap sentimentality, showing inevitably the real image of two homosexuals in their early youth as every ordinary man, though with a social fear of rejection and shame. It is worth seeing, especially by those who love French movies (although the DVD cover is very bad, with two actors between tens of stars, oiling brilliant). In my opinion, the film witch deserves 8-9!
