I agree that the movie is a bit slow in places with many scenes of everyday life and without dialogues. And I was not impressed immediately after I looked at it. However, after a few days I realized that the film stays with me and evokes a melancholy mood that persists in my mind. My appreciation for this movie is increasing. It certainly deserves more recognition than those films that are immediately forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is nonlinear and is the hallmark of European film production, in contrast to the linear narrative form that Hollywood attaches. I really do not know if it's true or not. Many also do not like its confusing structure and the lack of clear explanations. For these viewers, I do not think I can say a lot to change their opinions. However, for others who have not seen the movie yet, expect that you will be challenged and DO NOT expect the film to provide all the answers, and you can leave, enjoying it more than you would like. <br /> <br /> The movie skips a bit, but it really only describes 3 periods. Pay attention to the hairstyle and you can easily separate 2 out of 3 periods. It is also not as confusing as suggested; just enjoy it and everything will be bright at the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things remain unspoken or not shown, and many situations remain unexplored. But is not this life? You do not know the motives of your friends / loved ones for a long time, unless you confront them, and even then you will never be 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This type of films compels us to interpret the causes of actions. The film, however, leaves enough indications that you can make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is maniacally depressive until he is suicidal. Why? I do not know, maybe his life does not go exactly as he expects; he may miss his family, but he did not forgive his father for abandoning a sick mother in the hours of her need; maybe after all that he sacrificed for Cedric, moving and actually, breaking his life to be with him, he realizes that it's all "falling apart." I think the director wanted to show us that he was always a bit spoiled, mentality fragile through this scene with a dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these stresses are harmful to him. But we also showed that he is not a psycho-animal torturing because of his love interaction with a stray cat. There is also one conversation between the doctor and Cedric, who sheds light on the cause of the disintegration and perhaps a suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is all right, and Cedric thinks so, though he has betrayed Mathieu once, but according to Cedric, that's nothing. Is that the only reason we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed up together. Is it the most important thing that we know exactly what they are? I do not think for this movie. Another characteristic sign that they are ultimately incompatible is the scene of historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying ruins, Cedric is not. It is the only raging hormone that focuses only on the physical side, without the intellectual side that Mathieu obviously needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the ending is really full of hope and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the next events in a dreary tone that is coming to an end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints about the DVD. One of them is sound. It is very soft. I had to turn up the volume to hear the dialog, and then, when it switched to the bar or the outdoor crowd scene, it became too loud. The second is that subtitles can not be turned off; they remain on the screen. Most foreign DVD movies that have not been released by a large studio are unfortunately so tacky.
