"Presque Rien" ("Come Undone") is the earlier work of an extremely talented writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with the writer Stéphane Bouquet - a band who later gave us "Wild Side"). When we understand Lifshitz's story, each of his works becomes more valuable. Letting his sensitive and sensitive love stories develop in the same random way as the minds of lost and uncertain adolescents - time now, time has passed, time reflected in time, imagining time, time itself - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, engaging the viewer with every aspect of the character's response. The key to his method requires some work, but the continuation of his technique draws us deep into the film. <br/> <br /> Mathieu (handsome and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) visits the sea on vacation, time to let his mother (Dominique Reymond) struggle with her indefinite disease, which is looked after by the world and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompany her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): their distant father remained at home for business reasons. Interweaving and getting out of the first moments of the movie are images of Mathieu himself, looking depressed, riding a train, talking to someone in a small tape recorder. It remains to us to wonder if the developing action is all memory or modern action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing on the beach, Mathieu notices a handsome young man of his age staring at him and we can feel Mathieu's emotions trembling with disorientation. Youth Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister at home, continuing the secret of attraction. Soon, Cédric approaches Mathieu, and the delicate introduction leads to a kiss that begins a passionate obsession with love. Mathieu is terrified at the direction he is taking, rejects Cédric's public approach, but is still looking for mailings. Two young men are fully absorbed in being in love, and the introduction of the physical aspect of this relationship, so much necessary to understand this story, is shared with the audience in very erotic and sensual scenes. However, when summer is worn by Mathieu, a committed student, he realizes that Cédric is a tramp working in a carnival spice rack. It becomes obvious that Cédric is a Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is an Apollonian partner: in an eloquent time in architectural ruin Mathieu is excited about the beauty of history and space, while Cédric is interested only in a place as a new hideout for love. year. Their moments of joy are disturbed by Cédric's admission of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with this problem and eventually break up. Time passes, families change and Mathieu falls into depression, including suicide attempt. The way Mathieu copes with all these challenges and finds solace, oddly enough, in one of the old lovers Cédrica Pierre (Nils Ohlund) takes the film to an ambiguous but completely successful culmination. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie, the sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the very beginning with the knowledge of the whole story is powerful. Lifshitz gave us a film with passionate meditation, conflicts with the powers of passion in love and a silent film of silence and dreams that are incomparably beautiful. The entire cast is excellent and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of filming. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
