What a wonderfully wonderful, if sometimes light and bulky fantasies about big budgets. Takashi Miike has already proved before he reached The Great Yokhai War that he could immerse himself in other films outside his alleged niche of crime / yakuza genre (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed it, the previous big one the latter smaller). But here, Miike, in his first and only shared writing paper, proves that he can deliver goods in a postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it a CGI load, creation effects and make-up, and an epic battle that is more like a festival "Than something from the Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made with certainty, and the most obvious is to go to Miyazaki, the seemingly unique mix of child-like-great-heroes, power-hungry wizards looking for energy as the main source, machinery as the greatest evil and many bizarrely defined, extravagantly designed creatures (or Yokai from the title). But there may also be comparisons to Star Wars, especially for the Gungan battle in TPM, and for the whole game of strength between good and evil with similar forces. Or anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through defects or exaggerated moments, it is Miike with the sensitivity of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, a prototype kid who begins something naive and sensitive to things in the world, but he will become a hero in a world in darkness. Darkness comes from an evil wizard who draws energy from all the rage and miserable vibrations in the human world, and begins to kill ghosts and other creatures, Yokhai, into a fire that sends them giant robots that have only one mission - to destroy and kill everything on your way. Tadashi is so inflated that he fights Sato, the sorcerer, as Yokai, when the main ally and cohort of Sato, Aga (Kuriama Chiaki Kill Bill, another great villain) steals Tadashi's little furry companion, Sunekosuri. Soon, things are starting to break down, at a climax point that brings to mind many other fantasy films and stories, but it can only be concluded to some extent by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for children, but in the following I note that this is not a watered fantasy in American circles. It has a lot of creatures in it, including a one-eyed umbrella stand and a talking wall, not to mention the turtle, the fire hose and the woman who has been cursed by Sato. Therefore, the variety is high and you can almost feel like creatures and effects that grow to immeasurable heights when the "festival" hits Yokai reaching hundreds of miles in range. But there is also a sense that fantasy is strong in both light and darkness, and Sunekosuri is perhaps the largest emotional tool at Miike's disposal (and not just because it is square cuteness); Where else can you awaken the audience than through a small furry ball of fury that ends the tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> Still, there is also a sense of anarchy that can be found in Miike's brightest places of career, which distinguishes it from animated Muppet and science fiction counterparts. There is, as usual, a bizarre humor, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beans at a decisive climax and more than a few fantasies with creatures and battle scenes (I loved for example a guy with a big blue head who must reduce it or restless Yokai tortoise). The greatest danger associated with Miike's access to larger special effects and computer magic with which he flirts is exaggerated. I am sure he arranged everything with the use of storyboards and creates some unforgettable impressions with some compositions (one of them is when everything is said and done, and Tadashi and the "other" human figure are in the middle of Tokyo rubble in the upper part), but CGI is sometimes a little unconvincing for robots, and the interaction is too extravagant, and some visual elements, such as the Yokai overlay spreading the word about the big festival on the map, only seem weak and pat. I was just wondering if Miike can honestly immerse himself in the (bad) territory of Spy Kids. <br /> <br /> But this responsibility aside, The Great Yokai War provides more than just part of the emotions, silly emotions and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. It owes much to the cinema as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always rotate even in the most absurd and tangled bumps. This is not the best filmmaker, but working on experiments in a commercial medium ends with its benefits. It has a nice little message and lots of cool adventures. 7.5 / 10
