Many people are involved in this film as a "movie for children", which is certainly true, although it is an adult film. Takashi Miike uses a fantasy genre, especially the fantasy genre for children, as a springboard for the wild territory, the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> The configuration is simple, the boy is chosen to play the "hero" at this year's festival just to discover that his role is much more real than he could have imagined. There is a hallucinatory, grotesque, capricious and often funny journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but also wait for the evil villain who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not an ordinary demon, it is a demonic spirit of accumulated reluctance to those things that people "use" and "reject". By assembling a chamber made of pure fluid hatred / resentment, the villain transforms vivid, colorful Yokai ghosts into soulless ten feet of makeshift robots whose chainsaw to hands and eyes resembles flaming coals (these whites played a video game, Sonic The Hedghog, they can remember Dr. Robotnik performing similar procedures to the cute and cuddly Sonic had to "free" at that time). <br /> <br /> The hero in this film is actually the least interesting character, basically playing a simple man, the world suddenly went crazy. Although he goes through the typical rehearsals of the heroes, more often than he does, just like many of Yokia themselves who seem really defenseless against murderous robots, some ghosts are umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or creatures whose goal in life is bean count. ... of course, in this magical world of Yokai Miike's war, even beans get magical power when someone believes in it. <br /> <br /> In several ways, this movie refutes the normal conventions of children's fantasies, so few heroes, if at all, are heroic, and their victory is a combination of randomness, almost arbitrary faith and the desire to play. The Yokai spirits gather together and lay siege in the hideout of the villains, after they confuse the end of the world invasion of Earth to the great Yokai festival, and even then only to dance and play. Also, the film does not end with the usual celebration of everything that ends the fantasy, but the final scene, showing that our hero is older for many years, with work for adults, now not seeing the ghosts of Yokai his youth, who then depress to the villain, who, being a ghost, will never die. This ending with the spirit of Yokai, which is the spitting image of Pikachu Pokemon, warns us not only about leaving us in childhood, but also about the horrors of excessive consumption. The villain is a resentment because people no longer have respect for the world and surrounding objects (in Japanese folklore almost every object has some kind of spirit), so when they are used and rejected, as we do in consumer societies, we do it without respect they become soulless vengeful machines, just like in modern video games, which suggests that although our imagination and myths never really die, they can become deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has contributed to and I believe it shows, because the concept of tightness is conceptualized, which sometimes gets swept under the rug by his enthusiasm for visual play. Although I mainly focused on this story (because many users seem to write it here), I want to say that visually it's CGI kaleidescope, stop the animation, the costume and the live puppetry that works extremely well. Many movies have a quality of sleep, and Miyazaki's comparisons are justifiable, as are the comparisons of NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, although this movie is sharper and more adult than any of them. Yokai are beaten, brutal and turned into machines of live hatred, who, I think, kill even a few people, born a deformed, aborted calf with a human face and dying grotesque opening in movies, while sexual overtones, women with a long neck licking the face of our boy hero, or another character who stubbornly remembers touching the thigh of a young, scantily clothed spirit of water as a boy, seems to delay too much of western flavors for too long, especially considering that this is a "movie for children". However, they are so small that they are enough to see adults, yet small enough not to hurt children. Grims fairy, before revisions, they did much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All this is one of Miikes's most accessible and engaging ventures, with enough visual drama and great performances (Yokai ghosts have humanism and absurd humor for them, sometimes they laugh out loud funny) to appeal to audiences of all ages, and a steady conceptual current, strong enough to attract an adult audience that supposedly brought their children, or came out with a sense of nostalgia for the lost fantasy movies of youth. The latter group seems to pay attention to the most fervent request that they not only continue the passive consumption of the world around them, but show respect for those ghosts who seemed so close to reality in their childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film from an exciting director who did not approach his peak. Instant classic.
