This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I saw him for the first time on Comedy Central a few years ago. At the time I did not realize that it was dramatically edited and shown out of order, and I just watched all three series in order and without editing (thank you the internet and your wonderful "series of lamps"). ! I think that Comedy Central chose and chose the way through the first and second series to make the "season" ...... and I tried to encourage friends and family to see him, but nobody really liked it (I need new friends). Well, by myself, I used it the best I could. Even when I felt he was weakening, I still felt compelled to keep watching. Many years after the discovery of Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline from LoG, which influenced Marjorie at Fat Fighters. I also love the idea of ​​writers who play the entire program .... (not new, but impeccably made). LB has nothing at LoG! (No offense, Matt and David .... I love you)! This is really a dark comedy genius. Serial murder, alleged cannibalism ... you name it and it's probably in this wonderful, unique piece of television art. The pictures from the first scene are cool in themselves and seem to be making the city of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think that my favorite character would have to be Tubbs, but each of the characters presented has a "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous until he appeared again in the third series (clever and completely unexpected)! It's best to watch several episodes in a row because it drives continuity and, as I said before, it becomes so compelling (repulsive) that you really CAN NOT stop watching. This is not for people with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmothers (unless you have one grandmother)! I have always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to Keeping Up Appearances, Absolutely Fabulous and British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their American counterparts .... sorry). In contrast to those that completely redraw the line between what's funny and what's sick and twisted. Nothing, nothing on American television has ever come close to this level of entertainment. Television in the USA is so sad and bad that I can barely see it. It's a bit sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show unedited versions of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are shows that come from the "pond" that redeems the entire medium every decade. The basic cable here in the United States has been doing small steps towards "crossing the line" for more than a few years, with more graphic sexual content, drug use and language for adults, but are still many years away from deciding to be adults about showing real life, adult behavior (instead of obsessing about murder and doing things, sheesh, this is the same basic format for the last 35 years)! Do not even start with US sitcoms! A waste of time and a lot of wasted money ...... do you know that "According to Jim" has been in the air for 10 years? 10 YEARS?? In any case ... Watch this program, take it to a DVD, do what you have to do, then make your friends watch it! You've never seen anything like it. There are three more exceptions I have not seen yet ... I save them to jump on to my best friend the next time I visit him. He will watch them, even if I have to tie him up and paint them with excrement! Lines, lines, lines and lines! Note that the third series goes away from one and two .... a bigger city seems to fall off to concentrate on newer characters, the path of laughter has disappeared (thanks to the hell of hell), the theme is more band and less orchestra and some story takes place beyond Royston Vasey. Do not be surprised by any of these things, because until the end the series has kept the quiet perversity, which was first shown in the first and second series. I think these four guys have created something like an indefinable one. A brilliant, confident and absolutely crazy. You will want to watch it again and again. It's amazing that within 5 seconds of time on the screen can go from cheap eyes to terrifying blasphemy, and then end up expressing the face of one actor. If I ever met a writer / performer, I would beg them not to play it or try to imitate it ..... I would only say, "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would probably hit me, so I would ask them signing slap-mark)! 10 out of 10
