I have been looking forward to How to Lose Friends and Alienate People for many months, especially due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were in the lead role. Simon Pegg is a comedy genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and alienate people! Of course, it is not perfect, but very pleasant and fun. How to lose friends and alienate People follow the life of Sidney Young, a small, inept British celebrity journalist employed by an exclusive magazine in New York. In a spectacular way Sidney enters society and smokes bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After disrupting one black tournament, letting wild pigs go mad, Sidney catches the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and takes a job at a warehouse in New York. Clayton warns Sidney that he will make a better impression and charm anyone who can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately insults and annoys fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dared to attack the stars of Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also annoys his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to irritate almost everyone. His saving grace, the rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a strange feeling for him. In time, Allison's friendship may be the only thing that will save Sydney from his spirited career. The plot is very interesting, and the acting was at the highest level with what was given to the actors. Simon Pegg is still funny as always! It makes Sydney clumsy, unbearable and annoying as much as possible, but at a later time makes Sydney not only sympathetic, but also a real figure to root in finally. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had some great acting and entertaining scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff f * Cking Bridges! How can you dislike him ?! He makes Clayton a very humorous character with some joke and you love this guy in general. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as cast. Each of them had their own personality, which was generally unlikely, but that's what made the movie work. One thing I did not like was how one-dimensional were some characters. I understand that most were the supporting cast, but some of the cast was unused and could give the film more spice. How to Lose Friends and Alien Yourself People will never be on the top 10 movies or even the top 10 comedies, but they have a very high level of entertainment, and some scenes can even enchant you. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
