Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE talk about dolls that come alive when there are no people. In this adventure, they must save a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the captain of the pirates. On the way, they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will the helper of their new friend, Camel with Wrinkled Knees, help them, or will they simply slow down their hallucinations of friends who leave him? How will they escape King Kookoo and his followers !? What will their owner Marcella say when she sees her 7-year-old doll with birthday presents gone along with other toys? Great surprises await two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All results are impossible. 10: Story: 8 - Very sweet. Dolls that come alive when the master is not around. Not only because they go into many different places, but they are in an imaginary world, so anything can happen. Getting to know new characters, going to different places, finding new friends, great. All characters work so well and who does not like pirates ?! Action: 8 - Every character fits his voice so well. In particular, the greedy drinking enemy Marlon Brando. The French doll has a very tense French accent, the evil King Hitler-esquire Kookoo (who has hair reminiscent of Simpson Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well, and the sadness of the old black voice Camel works perfectly. Why was this old dubbed animation much better than new? Music: 10 - There is no lack of perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years and, again watching them almost 20 years later, I still remember every one of them and now I will be able to know exactly where these songs come from. Joe Raposo of the famous "Sesame Street" did a great job with songs for this and everyone sings really well. <br /> <br /> Edition: 6 - Heh, here it will be confusing. I mean, how far did Raggedy go? Many events just seem to follow one by one and it is not known WHO other dolls and toys were the ones you have never seen in the real world of the movie, but they follow a path and you know that ultimately reach the place where they have to go, it's just hard to track sometimes. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I would have to say that in both films there are parts that I will never forget how much I try. Mainly terrible parts. I probably already mentioned how older movies were much more frightening than today's animations, but that makes the cake terrifying. In addition to the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated or good animated performances, so it's very special. <br /> <br /> Worth it: 8 - Its classic. It is definitely worth hunting to have a good copy, but VHS copies are probably already stretched. The DVD version is sold on eBay all the time and it will definitely be something that you will watch more than once. If you get something for nostalgia purposes. <br /> <br /> Overall score (not average): 8 - It's a great timeless musical made in the late 70's and you can still enjoy it. His characters are unique and the songs are great. So great that you can hoot them again and again. Hug your favorite plushie! Reviewer's review (including bias): This is not like the Raggedy Ann TV series produced ten years later. It was a darker and more real world. The effects in this case seem to be many other cartoon acid expeditions from the 70s, in particular Yellow Submarine. Nevertheless, I give you memories that I will never forget and can continue to influence things. It was not easy to find, but it will remain a treasure in my DVD collection and movies forever.
