Oh, boy, God bless the seventies, we've got one of the most frightening films of this decade: Exorcist, Jaws, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann and Andy: A musical adventure. This film must be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean, seriously, this movie scared me. My sister had this film in her VHS collection and I was curious to see what kind of film would make of a doll that came out of a great depression for children with a very small pocket money. What the hell? The funny thing is that this movie is the Toy Story version from the '70s, basically the key to one, only it was a thousand times more frightening, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to take part in trips for medicines for children. <br /> <br /> Whenever Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann together with her brother Raggedy Andy and the whole kindergarten full of colorful toys come alive. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a pampered creature who is unaware that she is a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate contagious Captain kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy set off to try to save her before Marcella discovers that Babette left. In the world outside the kindergarten, they both meet a camel with wrinkled knees, a blue camel that has been rejected by former owners and is now broken and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy start riding a camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, runs across the edge of the cliff to a deep pit. At this hole, they encounter the Greedy, which is a gigantic, voracious blur of taffy that constantly eats and is never full. Raggedowie and Camel barely avoid being devoured by the Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette? And trust me, it just gets weirder than that. <br /> <br /> Although this movie was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during a large part of the movie, it was really quite creative. At a time when we had hand-drawn animation that made the films more personal, and the writers and animators put their heart into it, we can say that they did it with Raggedy Ann and Andy: A Musical Adventure. It certainly was not the worst movie I've ever seen, I just do not know who to recommend it to. Just as I was scared, I must admit that I'm happy to have watched it, sometimes you need a "WTF ?!" movie that diversifies your choice, believe me when I say Raggedy Ann did not have a problem with doing this with me. It's official, this doll is just terrifying, let's say it's a big caramel river that eats it all, a king whose head is getting bigger, when he laughs, a weird thing that humiliates Ann Raggedy and her brother, a strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a pair of naked dolls that forever haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
