It has devoted a few observations to me, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the horrors of the 00's, and independent horror is a real masterpiece. It is an anthropological horror story that tells the story of a fictitious Taylor-Eriksson group, a kind of cult based in India, whose members search for the ultimate knowledge of themselves and mental healing, with unpleasant results that echo over the years. With the segments of books set in India, the film consists mainly of three stories taking place in Germany, illustrating the consequences of the work of the Taylor-Eriksson group, with some nasty times. This is an interesting configuration, but what distinguishes this movie is the way in which images are so carefully created to develop the horror of movies. Bad things have been released, and the overall course of the film is a look at how the search for knowledge about self and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others, and the film is loaded with intelligent visual tips on the power of dark forces with which it deals, dark forces unconnected by time, place and even personality. Good examples can be found especially in the first story, which concerns a journalist interviewing a woman in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Eriksson, especially his cunning (lazy?) Eye, we also see how he cures or at least comforts the patient. The psychic patient of the first story is seen in the same attitude as Eriksson treating his neighbor, also when he surrounds the canvas of the artistic class, which runs among his patients, their photograph is seen, the face with a lazy eye like Erikssons. There are also references to the people in tiny roles, extras and fights that have an additional sensual perception of what is happening in the film, showing the evil that has been unleashed and is able to infect others. There is more than just a philosophy of evil in the film, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption, too much related to the structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be simply exploitation, but has a greater relationship with actual beliefs than one would expect (at least from the research I carried out on wikipedia). Scenario / director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves a lot of recognition for his ability to build a film. Besides being caring, the movie is also quite chilling, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama has a great amazing piano sound and there are some notable performances, Michael Balaun as a sinister physician and Cora Chilcot as a bizarre patient especially good. The third story also has a great turnaround from veteran Mathieu Carrière as a healer of faith. The biggest problem with the movie is that it does not involve a lot of time, so the potential of fear is lost, but these and several other performances achieve commitment quite well. So the movie is not as engaging as it is possible, acting from time to time, and too intense, but above all I thought it was great if the shadow is smaller than its glow. It's worth taking a look at adventurous horror fans.
