Where was the movie when I was a kid? After his parents split up, Tadashi moves with his mother to live with his grandfather. Sister Tadashi stays with his father and often talk on the phone. Grandfather is only "here" every third day. We never go back home. Children always choose a poor kid. During the village festival, Tadashi is elected a "kirin rider" or a spiritual master of peace and justice. Little suspects that he will soon have to play the role of a hero when the forces of darkness combine with the anger of things rejected in a conspiracy that is to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> It's good that it was easy. Now comes the difficult part, trying to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie for children. This is not a great movie, flawed (very flawed?), But a great movie. It develops like all those wonderful books that you loved as a child and are just as dense as Tadashi fights to find the strength to become a hero. Watching this, I felt that I was reading a great book and thought what it would be like if it were a book. I loved that the movie does not follow the normal path. Things often happen as a result of coincidences or misunderstandings, one character gets involved in events just because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and turns that seem non-sequential and are all the more adorable (which is typical of Miike). This is certainly Takashi Miike's movie. This Japanese film master is clearly responsible for the film that often touches, both frightening and funny. Nobody but Miike seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly have bends when everything becomes dark and then funny. I admire the fact that Miike made a film that is gloomy and hopeful, not afraid to be frightening, I mean really terrifying, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in films about Harry Potter, but rarely. It's Grimms' dark story with humor. My first reaction after seeing the initial picture was that I could not believe anyone would start a movie for children with a photo of the end of the world, and then I realized who was shooting the movie. Hats off to Miike for making a movie that knows that children can cope with frightening images. <br /> <br /> Also works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters produced by bad people are forged from the rejected garbage of humanity. It is the rage of being thrown away that drives monsters. One of Yokai (ghosts) speaks of furious throwing tennis shoes because they are dirty or too small when thrown. You also have one of the good guys who do not want to join bad people because it would be a human thing. It's a wild idea, but like other things floating around what brings this movie to another level. (There are a lot of riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is for, because children can not understand it, although many parents will do it) And of course there are monsters. They run a range from tacky to spectacular with stops anywhere in between. Honestly, you have to forgive the inequality of their creation, because they must be hundreds, if not thousands of monsters on the screen. It's cool and it works. One of the main heroes is Yokai, which I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal. . (Acceptance is also easier if you have ever seen old woodcuts of strange Japanese monsters). I mentioned the disadvantages, and there are several of them. The effects are uneven, some sudden turns are a bit strange (even if they are understandable) and some other minor things that disappear now two hours after watching the movie. None of them really hurt the movie, in spite of everything it stops you from being completely satisfied with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really liked this movie. I'm sure if I saw it as a child, it would be my favorite movie of all time. (where is English dub?) See this movie. It's a great trip. (Besides, this is a good introduction to Miike movies minus blood and graphic sex)
