Announced as "the first family film" Takashi Miike - by people who probably did not see Zebramana. YOKAI DAISENSO goes even further towards family friendliness, blurring darkness and cynicism to create a wonderful fairy-tale fantasy. A young boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors that they do not know much about. The film is clearly bigger than anything Miike did, with a lot of CGI to create a fantasy world inhabited by weird creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is the consequence of more nervous investors, but I think he probably just wanted to do something else. He has never really been one pony, but he's often accused - maybe YOKAI is trying to silence those critics. Regardless, this is a great project for Miike to direct his boundless imagination and invention in. <br /> <br /> The production is very cartoon, evoking Miyazaki's thoughts in places. Yokai are based on an old series of comics, which were based on Japanese folk stories, which certainly influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). He must remember that Miike has nothing to do with the budget of the Harry Potter movie, so the special effects will not be trouble-free in the Hollywood style - some blue shows are especially obvious. Some special effects, however, are great, with very well animated creatures (mix of CG, stop-motion and puppetry). I think that the little sock-puppet that follows the hero for most of the movie was * marked * to look really cheap, and is quite good for her. - it's hard to find a teenager who really understands the concept of acting, but Kamuri's 9-year-old Kamiki is a real talent (I see that he made voices in the last 2 Miyazaki movies!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as the wolf of this song, although Mai Takahashi made even more impressive as a pixie-eared River Princess - yum yum! Those who are looking for another brutal, perverted gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a fan of Miike because of his imagination and wit, there is much to be done. And it has an additional bonus that you can happily put on any company you have :)
