Yesterday on TV, so I decided to check it out. This was one of Bruce Timm / Paul Dini's recent projects related to their old Batman the Animated series from 1992. After which Jeff Matsuda appeared and imagined Batman with his new Batman series, but the story of this new Batman movie concentrates on the emergence of a new guard known as Batwoman, but Batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and in the meantime the destruction of Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, who secretly cooperate with Carlton Duquesne (who has family problems) and another villain (who later revealed in the film) about the operation of smuggling weapons, also put a prize for Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they can be more than one? Batman must solve this mystery and stop the latest Penguin operation. In the case of an animated film, it has a rather complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was the total redesign of Penguin, which looks more like a sophisticated Mob Boss, which we got used to in the comics, in contrast to his previous projects, which borrowed elements from the vision of Pengium Tim Burton (sewage rat and circus freak). Although the movie contains a love theme, it is never so far away and derails the movie, such as Batman Forever. The voice action is the standard quality for these projects directly on the video (if only Batman: The phantasm mask went that way), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, despite running for a very short 80 minutes, he manages to create quite a good (and complex) story with a few small twists and lots of action. There are a few flaws, but you can not see Nightwing anywhere and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click as a couple, although it's just a reference, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the movie and to be honest, I've never been a big fan of character design by Batman Paul Dini and Bruce Timm (especially in their Batman shows after BTAS), this New Adventure of Batman and Robin, well, it makes Batman look thick after a rather well-built unit in mass (a bit like model of the character of Jeff Matsuda from The Batman). Bruce Wayne seems a bit awkward, these blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent and then Bruce (though it's true that they look very similar). Another downside is Rupert Throne (there is no explanation as to why he is in this contract, but it can be said that he has irises and what's in the hand) that does not do much more than spend time with Penguim or harm each time Point to someone with a gun (count how many times it will happen in the movie and you will be surprised.) In general, a good Batman movie, worth at least borrowing.
