THIS POST MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although 5 years have passed since the end of the series and WB has worked on Justice League, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm completes the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series, and SubZero completes 15 episodes of Adventures of Batman and Robin, Mystery of the Batwoman completes the last 24 episodes of Batman Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy once again provides above-average performance, which is nothing but excellence and perfection. I admit that I was a bit suspicious when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about was Batman's 50's comics. But I was delighted with Batwoman, her appearance, her costume (which, I assumed, inspired Bruce Wayne to create a Batman Beyond costume) and the fact that this movie lets you guess who Batwoman is. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon appears on stage and I think the writers tried to point out that Bruce and Barbara had something between them, just like in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and unfortunately there is no trace of Dick Grayson nicknamed Nightwing, which leads me to believe that he has established his position in Bludhaven (his city in comics). /> <br /> Of the three suspects about Batwoman, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks very similar to Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. As for the villains, I'm glad the Penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just did not sound good. The same applies to Robin. The new guy did everything right, but when I started getting used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is worth noting that Kevin Michael Richardson, who speaks Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of Joker in the series "The Batman." And finally, we can see what Rupert Thorne looks like since he did not appear in Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be omitted. Although Henry Silva liked me as Bane's voice, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could use Two Face, Riddler or the terrifying new version of Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The music score and especially the soft intro were excellent. I would like it to be on the soundtrack, and I especially liked the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge along with the song Betcha Neva. While some think that this movie is weaker than the Fantasy Mask and Subzero, I think it is as strong and enjoyable as the rest, and as I said before, it is a full-length movie based on the Batman Gotham Knights version, which I think gives good balance. I would recommend at least renting this DVD before buying for those who might be very interested in this movie, but it's worth buying it in person. I give the Batwoman Mystery 9.
