It starts with a few rules on the running stage to Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is a driver and starts his usual tirade against women in general, and his girlfriend Pearl is an exception. Then he tells the distorted version of Samson's biblical story to justify the behavior of long mustaches against the will of Pearl, who is an urban hairdresser, no less, and who claims that if everyone follows his example, she will have no interest. This point will come back to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems to annoy some reviewers, but it is a definite plus. It is a pity that he was not in the better westerns of Randoph Scott to help lighten Randy's typical behavior. At this stage, there are also Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), with whom he is acquainted, and a little girl (Myrtle), who soon becomes a hero when she escapes her escaping scene after is stopped by his uncle Randy John Armin (George Cleveland), who basically manages the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle, and hence himself, is not popular among the city's residents. However, he quickly creates a useful friendship with Gabby. After discovering that Uncle John was responsible for the arrest of his business competitor, Celia Wallace, and related murder, he demands that Uncle John return the money and decides to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) instead of Uncle John. <br /> <br /> With the prospect of his rival, Uncle John decides to put an informer (Barbara Britton, as Letty Tyler) in the Wallace office to inform him when they deliver ore from the mine to the city so that he can sabotage their course. When this fails, he resorts to the draconian tactics of staging the arson of his own office, for which he blames Randy. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letta's apartment, confronting her with suggestive evidence that he was rejecting Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Letty in a dog house with Celia (his seeming beau) and Ted (who is hoping to open Letta). This message also terminates Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informer and suggests leaving the city. Instead, he turns the pages and tells Wallaces why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John tries to sabotage the ore again, and when it fails, a general shooting takes place in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and constructed, with complicated relations between the rules and various obstacles that Randy has to overcome, sometimes with the help of co-workers. At least Randy was spared the necessity of bringing his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid murder, but he arrogantly trusted that the woman would not have the courage to do her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful, healthy lonely women, as well as a small Myrtle, greatly helped to relax the tense atmosphere of this struggle for survival, as Uncle John put it. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "evil" girl, wins the highest bills of women for Catherine Craig, Randy's love. Barbara's time in the camera was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up in the Lassie TV series, in which George Cleveland appeared as "Gramps", will be surprised when he sees that he is playing such a bad controlling villain. We may wonder if his wheelchair status affects that person. This leaves him several opportunities to earn money in the wild west. Without a visible family that could support him (except for Randy), he can not afford a pioneer to beat him from the most profitable business in the city. On the other hand, thanks to the talks, he probably attained the status of "city boss" before he was associated with a wheelchair.
