The above summary line, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling), says almost everything. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way to make something happen, the only problem is that he usually leaves dead bodies where he was. This is not the kind of mentoring Tom proposes to younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he defended his ranch against local Texas Texas Cattlemen. <br /> <br /> Initial captions read "Introducing John Barrymore Jr. Younger brother, including his first screen. It seemed strange to me, especially since he appeared in history almost as Jeff. About eighteen years during this movie is similar to Sean Penn. No wonder in personal and legal problems throughout his career, as well as in alienation from the family, I wondered if his daughter Drew Barrymore could ever see this picture. I'm inclined not to think. <br /> <br /> Regarding the similarities, I was also struck by the thought that young Robert Sterling looked a bit like Roy Rogers at the beginning of his career. Knowing Sterling earlier only thanks to the role of George Kerby in the early 1950s TV series "Topper", I thought he looked out of place in the West, but it can only be me. His character is emboldened by his brother's resourcefulness in creating trouble and provides a bit of disgust to this not-so-typical story. Small threads abound, including the relationship between rancher John Gall (John Litel) and his son Sheriff (who kills Kid Wichita) and the troublesome marriage of Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (who Kid Wichita kills). Chill Wills completes the main cast as one of Tom Cloud's hired hands and appears in a fairly predictable finale. <br /> <br /> What is not entirely predictable is how things end there and for this reason the western earns points for following less travelers and is therefore not as formal as many westerners good brothers / bad brothers. In conjunction with the eclectic cast of directors, I would be recommended, even if you had to endure some jumps and messy assembly that I experienced with my copy.
