The disappearance of the glacier inside the cavernous ice mountain sends its three figures, which cast an endless wet tube that has enough kicks to dazzle the children in the same way that a mature audience can be blinded by the sequence of the star gates that closes 2001: A Space Odyssey. Miles from yourself, but nevertheless it is a scene of great haste and excitement. A great opening sequence also takes place when a furry squirrel creature tries to hide its precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but when this happens, the domino effect starts when the mountain begins to crack and, consequently, an avalanche. Horror still continues when the critter tries to outdo the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film follows two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a sloth with teeth (John Leguizamo), when they try to migrate south. They find a human child that they adopt and then decide to follow their parents' data to return to them. Attached to them is a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary), whose predatory intentions is to bring the child to his tiger clan, leading mammoth and laziness to the trap. Diego's carnivorous family wants above all a mammoth, but Diego's values ​​of friendship make it easier to choose the ultimate goal. <br /> <br /> There are fatalistic natural dangers of the world, including a volcano and a glacial bridge, which threatens to melt temporarily, reminiscent of the escape of the castle in Shrek. The heroes wonder why they are in the ice age, when they could call it "Big Cool" or "Nippy Era". Some characters want an upcoming global warming. Another great line about the problems of mating between girls: 'All great guys are never around. The sensitive ones are eaten. Lots of outcasts, a capricious comedy and a light adventure make it quite easy to watch. Also, food is so rare for nice vegetarians that dandelions and pine cones are considered "good food". <br /> <br /> The vocal talents Romano, Leguizamo and Leary are good for their personality, while the children will be delighted with their antics, adults will want their riffs to be their own talents. There is a mild violence and intense content, but the children will be thrilled with excitement and will get one of their early presentations of the eternal battle between good and evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic connections. Animators also use majestic landscapes in the background that are cool fantastically. <br /> <br />
