"Ice Age" is one of the animated films produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the first in the history of the company. We present the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (voice of Chris Wedge, and PLEASE NOTE: the sound of Scrat's screams is the sound of Tom's screams from "Tom and Jerry"), a woolly mammoth named Manny (voice of Ray Romano from "Everybody Loves Raymond" ), laziness named Sid (John Leguizamo's voice from "Titan AE") and the saber-colored tiger named Diego (voice of Denis Leary from Pixar's "A Bug's Life"). <br /> <br /> The film begins with Scrat, who tries to bury the acorn, and then immediately caused an avalanche. Then we see a flock heading south for the coming Ice Age (with the exception of Manny, who goes the other way, looking for other mammoths that look like him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning and sees that his family has left him. Then he pays for some aardvarki. Unfortunately, Sylvia (Kirsten Johnston from "3rd Rock from the Sun") is chasing him, a female orange laziness who wants Sid to go abroad with her. Sid eventually joined forces with Manny and became friends. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, near the human tribe, Soto (voice of Goran Visnjica), angry saber tiger, wants revenge on the tribe leader for wiping out half of his packet only by stealing his baby, Roshana, away from him . In the morning he, Diego and Soto's followers, Lenny (voice of Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voice of Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (voice of Jacek Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife escaped with Roshan and gave him Manny and Sid to look after them . Eventually Diego joins them and goes on a journey to return Roshan back to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, supporting characters, including a pack of wolves used by the Roshana tribe, not to mention greasy, purple laziness named Jennifer (voice of Jane Jane Krakowski) and skinny female yellow laziness named Rachel (voice of Lorri Bagley), whom Sid shows them Roshana when they relax in the pitch. By the way, two rhinos, Carl (voice of Cedric The Entertainer from "Madagascar" PDI) and Frank (voice of Stephen Root from "Finding Nemo" Pixara), who follow Sid for ruining their meal and confronting Manny on the cliff are simple little signs . The same applies to the dodo who use melons as a food source. <br /> <br /> Gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny says through his trunk, saying, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the pitch, Sid asks Jennifer, "What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer responds: "What do you say? if you jump into TAR PIT! "Rachel also kicks Sida around the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the neck with his teeth, then asks Sida if he holds his breath, tells Diego to eat him, and leaves immediately. <br /> <br /> From "Ice Age" is not only successful, but has 2 sequels: the first is "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the second is "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs ", which will be released next year. It's hard for me to die, waiting for what the "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will look like.
