Slaughter High begins like any other day at Doddsville County High School, where a small minister, Carol Manning (Caroline Munro), has deceived the resident of sucker Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the girls' locker rooms, where he tells him to undress in the shower, while doing the bunch Carol's friends come in and give Marta a big surprise now when they film him when they stick their heads to the girl's toilet in stupid April jokes. School sports coach (Marc Smith) rescues Marty and punishes the gang, who rather severely blames Marty, decides to play another trick in it only this time, when things get out of hand and Marty gets caught in an explosion and sprayed with nitric acid his face. Many years later, the whole gang is invited to a class meeting in a closed school. Everyone comes to discover that they are the only ones. Everyone goes inside, where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones where Marty came back and takes revenge on his mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally filmed under the title April Fool, which probably changed another movie called "April Fool's Day" (1986), produced in the same year in which this American English co-production is unusual, because it has three recognized writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after they've never seen the movie with three credits) the director has already seen two during the week, and the second was Jean-Claude Van Damme Kickboxer (1989) and I must say that I really liked Slaughter High, although it seems to have quite a bad reputation. One of the things I like about this script is that it's a clean, shameless jumper, it does not try to be anything else, it just accepts the rules of the genre, short songs and traps and plays for them. Basically, it delivers what it promises, a deadly killer, blood, tits and sticks. I thought the character was okay, the story was fine, even though it's just an excuse to draw a teen load into an isolated place, so some killer can drop it off one at a time and I really liked the end of the turn, which is also something for which Slaughter High gets a lot of flakes. The first half begins a little slower, but the other half moves at the speed of the nodes, because there is one bloody killing after another. Some situations and character reactions do not make much sense, but the same can be said for almost every movie ever made, so who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Despite three recognized directors, Slaughter High turned out to be quite good, I liked the film. An isolated dilapidated school created for a really atmospheric location and good looking, the creators also throw a good thunderstorm and there is a nice photo, especially at the end, where there are many impressive, uninterrupted, long-lasting tracking images that follow Carol through the various corridors of the ruined school . Although it is not particularly stylish, it certainly looks nice and is professionally made. There is something good here, including burned bodies, people are drowning in acid, impalas, stomach bursts, axes in the faces and death of the mower, and someone who drowns in the stool in the mud! The special effects are also better than one would expect and I was impressed and satisfied with the larger than expected number of people. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the movie is better than I expected and beats the worst horror that will be released today, but I would think that it was a relatively low budget alone. Apparently, a prisoner in America was very clearly filmed in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score, which sounds exactly like all of his other scores and is basically the same as the theme from Friday the 13th (1980) and is a continuation. Anyone who lives here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular at Emmerdale Farm (one of our top-rated soap operas) in which Terry Woods plays! While most horror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare role. Legendary producer Dick Randall did an act on Slaughter High and actually appears in the film as a producer of porn movies ... he talks about typing! You can also see a poster of the misunderstood splendor of Pieces (1982), which he also produced in his office. <br /> <br /> Rzeź Slaughter is a movie that I liked a lot, did you see it? I did not say it was great, I said that I liked it on a personal level and I'm sure that the predictable plot and lack of history will probably put off a lot, so I can not recommend it, but I can say that I liked it, do what want. Make sure you're watching an uncut version if you ever decide you want to check it out. If you're not a fan of slasher flick, Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you're looking for a simple and effective slass you can do a lot worse.
