God Bless 80's slasher movies. It's a fun, funny movie. That's what the Slasher movies are about. Now I'm not talking about horrors, only about cliches. It looks like this: a nerd from high school is picked up by all those stupid jockeys and cheerleaders, and then one of their pranks goes terribly wrong. Distorted and revenge, wearing a Joker / Jester mask (quite scary, I can add), Marty starts killing these teens one by one many years later, after he manages to convince them that their old school is down. Is it really a story? What's wrong with that? This is the beauty of movies from the 80s, most of them I would say. Many things can be so ridiculous, but they are pulling you more and more inside. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> Contains some scandalous killings, and some are also quite creative. (poisoning beer cans, sour baths, I do not remember once being used in any other slasher movie). It's really funny, funny movie. That's all. It does not matter that the characters are complete idiots, not to mention their stupidity and the scandalous, random things that appear in this film. Just as the lights can be controlled by the killer (when you do not even switch any buttons, you see), and the toilets can cough blood, baths can extract acid from them, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because that's what makes it fun. <br /> <br /> Films like this represent the circles of the 80s. No more such movies can be made, why? It's not the 80's. That is why it is worth cultivating them for what they are, having fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a die-hard fan of Slahsers, such as Friday the 13th. <br /> <br /> The last note of this movie also had a bad ass, Marty Rantzen. A dazed gull who kills all his old enemies in the terrifying mask of the Jester. A good villain makes him good. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after the release of Slaughter High. That alone adds something terrible to the movie, and sticks to it, and even makes you feel more sorry about the character Marty. All in all, great fun from the 80's! It is a pity that it will never be the same again ...
