Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who creates art from the least "imaginative" objects imaginable. Everyday objects, such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - objects that most of us perceive as utilitarian at best and reject as completely devoid of aesthetic values ​​- are instead converted into wonderful d'art objects by the Burtynsky apparatus . He achieves this result by focusing on the repetitive colors and geometric patterns that are apparently present in the industrialized world - for those observant enough to see. Even piles of condensed garbage can become objects of beauty when they are seen through the Burtynsky lens (but have we not known this already from "Wall-E"?). He is especially interested in photographing areas, such as mines and shipyards, where man has already penetrated nature - which may explain why sometimes even people in his pictures (ie Workers in these places), with their uniform clothes and robot movements, become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Manufactured Landscapes", a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has something of "Koyaanisqatsi" in it because it dazzles us with its richly varied kaleidoscope of images and designs. Indeed, director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler captured the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic categories, as their own camera records Burtynsky and his assistant taking photo shoots at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh and a construction site on a huge project Three Rivers Gorge I'll give in China. Thanks to working with liquid cameras, the filmmakers match the beauty of Burtynsky's paintings on time. In fact, the film begins with a stunning, eight-minute view of the Chinese factory in which hundreds of similarly dressed employees work in perfectly symmetrical and coordinated color lines. <br /> <br /> The film does less well when Burtynsky begins to articulate "themes" of his work, which, to be honest, seem to be confusing, contradictory and definitely half baked. But as a purely aesthetic experience, emphasizing the image and form, "Manufactured Landscapes" resonates the most. Perhaps in the case of Burtynsky, the picture really is worth a thousand words.
