I heard that this film was a study of the art of landscape photographer, presenting the beauty of deconstruction of the natural landscape of man. This certainly showed painstaking action to find locations, set up shots and capture raw images whose latest goals were art studios around the world. Together on moving pictures, it is really a horror movie. <br /> <br /> This movie emanates from you, displacing the shock of ghostly images with the gentle waves of a great industrial soundtrack that guides you like a slow moving river. Each sequence stands alone, but in a combination of deeper and deeper you feel the overwhelming inevitability. There are a few words that allow you to be magnificent in what you have told to preach in your own way. A horrible, massive factory filled with human machines that live in hopelessly dead dorms. People dying early when burying recyclable waste in the mountains of our electronic waste. The birth of giant ships and their destruction by hand on gigantic cemeteries. Construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and probably forever. The passage of time as a city dies and at the same time revives in the replica of modernity, which deliberately destroys all the relics of culture that were. <br /> <br /> The most terrifying painting for me was a dam engineer, explaining that the most important function of the dam was flood protection. The shot moves to the orchard behind the spokesperson, where you see the level of the last flood caused by the fact that toxic water ate the bark from the trees, demonstrating that there can be nothing more abominable in the waters to experience anything more repulsive. <br /> <br /> Obviously, it is not said, it is much more powerful than the regular documentaries Save the Earth. The artist Edward Burtynsky miraculously explains the method. "Without saying what you should see? many people today sit in an uncomfortable place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize that we are making problems that are deep. It is not simple or bad. It needs a whole new way of thinking. " The subtlety of this goes down to the proposition or / and, but the film images are screaming that the decision was taken in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> Although it has never been expressed directly in any way, as the waves of what you are witnessing, washing away from your consciousness and contemplating, is there only one possible conclusion? we are lost. The progress of humanity, which is unrelenting in our nature, leaves behind a massacre in which this artist finds a terrifying beauty. What he actually captures are traces that lemmings run unknowingly towards our own death. Unlike most environmental films, this one ends without a call to a gun. He basically says what's going on, but he makes sure you blame us all equally.
