It is a documentary film that was created from the wonderful work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been concerned with the ravages left on earth by excavations or human buildings. It starts with a large factory complex filled with people creating various little things, probably parts of advanced equipment; it is not very clear. The emphasis is on how big the place is and how many people there are and how they are gathered outside in small yellow jackets. The film also shows a photographer working in a high construction to take a picture of many people outside the factory and talk to his crew as he does. It is a world of constant industrialization. A pleasure at least to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as in the case of Nikolaus Geyrhalter's joyful cold documentary on the food industry "Our daily bread". "Produced landscapes" contain pictures of people who destroy e-waste and the city (many cities, really) that were destroyed by the largest dam ever, with one distinct trademark of a little girl on the rubble of her own neighborhood, eating with a bowl using almost bigger than she. Some of these scenes, with those unfortunate paid slave workers in dangerous and toxic places, could have been shot in a memorable way by the first photographer Engagé Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not so interested in seeing people up close. His orientation puts him somewhere between Salgado and cold, neutral modern landscape photographs of Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All this is happening in China, of course, although there is an earlier black and white material of a photographer working around a large shipbuilding plant in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in the industrial style New Age, which is alternately soothing and troublesome. There are many photos from the photographer's work - have some of them been made by a film crew? This is not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering around the exhibitions of his beautiful work - great dramatic prints of carefully composed colorful images from the camera with a handsome glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious pictures of places that are essentially destroyed, and for the casual eye they are discouraging and boring. He admits himself that he does not occupy a political position. When we are able to compare his photos with those that were caught by the wandering eye of the cinematographer Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work is almost a kind of glorification, and thus falsification. But he shows us places that, if we take a closer look, reveal their full dark history of desolation and neglect, no matter how precisely their pictures can be taken. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not fortunately, it's Burtynsky, whose narrators tell the majority of the film because it extends to different sides. Burtynsky's "revelations" could inspire his decades of great work, but they are nothing but truisms about how we irreversibly change the planet; they depend on oil that runs out; that China has come into the game of mass industrialization with a delay, and so they can burn out early with the depletion of fossil fuels. The interest in Manufactured Landscapes would be much greater if it were accompanied by perceptive new ideas. The reasons for watching are two: to see glimpses of Burtynsky's work and raw materials, the space that he visits so beautifully and chronicles; and observe scenes from the huge, amazing, discouraging and rather terrifying industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title "Produced landscapes" seems insufficiently developed. It seems even confusing. These are new landscapes, but they are a byproduct of production, not "produced". "Landscapes of Waste" or "Wasted Landscapes" can be better titles. This document leaves much room for a more intellectually seeking work on a film about this intriguing topic; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky can better get acquainted with his books or exhibitions.
