As soon as I met Keira Knighteley in this movie, I said, "I need to watch this movie." He is the undisputed main character, Domino, bounty hunter. Her "work", as we would be taught by the "without action" scene, reflects her rebellious, brutal attitude towards life. I must admit that for the first time I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the weapon is far away from the character's hands. It strangled me a little. In any case, for all John Woo fans, helicopters, explosions, arrows as if they were falling, and charming Keira, who shoots with two machine guns, one on hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Stepping out of Keira, who in this movie is a real tomboy, quite different from the lovely figurine that we used to see, Mickey Rourke returns with his usual face and powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job well as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the content: this film has a form of journalism. The talk show scene is "disgusting" true. Anyone who has observed this load. . . You know what, you can say it is the air that you breathe in such situations. Just like the producer, when Mother Domino says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "junk; without offense, "he replies," I do not take it for offense. " This movie presents a difficult life. Domino, from a world he did not want, Ed (Mickey Rourke), bounty hunter "not so bounty", Choco (the third guy from the band) who is a family (using Ed's words), "the patch was institutes", and Alf , a driver / bomber from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people in some way represents humanity born "without a shirt"; unlucky, violent and having nothing to lose, except for their (what they would think) miserable life. The intro of the movie says it is "inspired by a real story ... more or less", so I can not say how much of it is true. In any case, going beyond the explosions and dozens of weapons (which could be "added" to make the movie easier to see and classified as an action movie), the story of the heroes is too realistic to be "edited". <br /> <br /> The interaction between characters is different, well researched and definitely not boring. What has not convinced me so much is the role of a psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as never before in an acting career). He represents only the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and this is history). Probably the only "con" in the movie with many "pros". <br /> <br /> In total: This is not "SWAT". Characters are made; they have identity, shape. They have a first and last name (not only "Gamble" and "Street"). It is true that this is a biography of a girl whose life was going on as fast as a bullet.
