Advance notification: I am sure someone will accuse me of playing this race card, but when I saw the preview of the movie, I thought "At last!". I have not seen another film about popular African dance (whether it's popular hip-hop movements, breaking or treading), in which the main character was a black woman. I've seen too many movies in which a non-black woman who knew nothing about hip-hop, comes to life as a whim and performs her average work (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but Black Women in film almost does not exist. It always bothers me, considering so many hip-hop, African dance, and the breakthrough was with blacks and Hispanics in huge amounts in these specific series and it's not always done by men, so I felt that this movie was a long time coming. However, the race does not create a movie, so I also wanted to carry a credible story; the dance is funny; and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Advantages: I really liked this movie that brought Jamaican culture. I do not recall ever seeing a popular, mainstream movie in which all the main characters were Jamaican; he had credible accents; and they were not stereotypical with hats. Steppers, family, friends, and even "bandits" were really intelligent, realistic people who tried to love, live and live in the neighborhood where they lived, doing something positive. Even when the audience realized that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, it still did not make the story stereotypical. I was pleased with the way it was presented. I LOVED the step; a romantic flirtatious relationship between two steppers; attempts by which the main character's parents passed; and how she coped back to her old quarter and dealing with crabs in a barrel. I respected that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and many other systems in the film were doing well in the world of stride. Everyone was as great as the guys. I do not see it in too many films these days, at least not in movies that would be considered black films. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: I'm not entirely sure why the directors or anyone who has made the film together did it, but I am asking if they were on real steps shows. Every time the steppers were ready to perform, a hip-hop song would be played instead of step-by-hand beats. In a real show, step by step, there is no need for music, except that it can entertain crowds between groups. And then, when hip-hop songs were played, sometimes the rhythm of the song was in the rhythm of the hands and feet of the steppers. It was awkward. I was more impressed with entering the movie compared to "Stomp the Yard" (another great stepping movie) because the women had to represent as wild as the guys (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good got a few seconds of prissy twirl and hair flip and (Deltas?) released a song and a few steps and were immediately cut out). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies would pick her up, especially in the car store, and without all the music they would drown out their physical music. I know that soundtracks have to be sold, but people from the movie could play music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not Keyshia Cole's fan, so every time I saw her, I always thought, "Was it written in the script that she would put her hand on her hip constantly when she said?" She looked uncomfortable at me screen. I thought they should use a host like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was as funny as ever. I also moaned when I learned that the film was to be in the ghetto, as if it could not happen somewhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few people have been portrayed as being too oblivious because of their neighborhood and losers, which is usually done by mainstream films. <br /> <br /> I would give this film five stars, but the music game killed him for me. I definitely intend to buy it when it appears, and I hope that the additional scenes will contain actual stage shows without all the songs.
