In Canadian director Kari Skogland, the film adaptation of the novel Margaret Laurence The Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn is Hagar Shipley, a proud and quarrelsome woman approaching the nineties, who wants to remain independent until the end, stubbornly refusing to put her in a nursing home through her wealthy son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and embedded in the fictional city of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is a simple and conventional interpretation of the book that was required to read in Canadian high school English for almost half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film comes from a stone statue raised on the grave of Hagar's mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions during her turbulent life. Burstyn brings sensitivity and sense of humor to the role, but is a bit too sympathetic to fully realize the driven ego, a suicidal figure who managed to alienate her rich father, her wealthy but alcoholic husband and her two sons. As he approaches the end of his days, he reflects that "pride was my desert, and the demon who led me was fear. I was alone, never anything else, and I was never free, because I carried my chains within me and spread from me and chained to everything I touched. " <br /> <br /> Faced with the need to spend the last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back on his life and looks at his failed relationships, memories shown in flashbacks without voice - more narrative. The story begins with a dance in which she participated as a young girl. Under the care of her aunt, Dolly meets her future husband, formerly married to Brother Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city is bleak because of his relationship with the indigenous population of America. Young Hagar plays Christine Horne, who is unique in her first role role. Despite Hagar's plea, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold and stiff father, whose refusal to attend the wedding begins her marriage on the wrong foot. This is exacerbated by the fact that he leaves all his money to the city of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> Going through the movements of his marriage with Bram, Hagar withdraws from social activities to prevent rejection by the higher classes of the city. When he produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), he is unable to give them the love they need. "Any joy I could have in my man or any of my children, or even in the simple morning light," wonders, "everybody was forced to stop by some ruptured appearance." When did I ever tell the truth of the heart? Like the biblical Hagar, who fled into the desert, because she could not bear any further insults to her pride, Hagar leaves Manawaka to live in Ontario, but eventually returns to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> When the scene comes back to the present, Hagar escapes to an abandoned house near the ocean, which he remembers from childhood, to escape from being placed in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy). Here he meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and forces her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. The Stone Angel stops all emotional downtime, but never fully develops her characters to such an extent that I felt any stakes in the story, though the thrilling performance of Ellen Page as a devoted but naive girl John and moving end scenes brings new energy to the other half of the movie.
