I was surprised by how much I liked the most thought-out drama, which, due to the rather unimpressive grade of 6.6, almost missed me; because I rarely give time to the film rated below 7/10. Having said that, I am very happy that I gave Stone Angel watching, which I deserved so much. And you too should be, if you are one of the increasingly rare, sensitive, soulful and thoughtful types of people left on earth in a living form. <br /> <br /> I have to say it in many ways (though not all), viz. his subjects, realization, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me very much of the praised "Notepad". I am so surprised that other commentators have not noticed many similarities that have repeatedly hit me in this film, so I can only assume that those who have written comments must still see the Notebook. They may not share any Alzheimer motif, but I can say that if you really liked The Notebook, you will definitely find a lot to engage your time with the most fruity thanks to The Stone Angel. But even if you have not seen the Notepad, or read the book on which this movement is based (which I did not do), you should definitely find a lot to focus your attention - as long as your favorite genres do not include fast action thrillers. It is a film for thinkers and those who like to remember the passage of time, how life changes over the years and what could have happened in life when you look back over the years. <br /> <br /> It's a strange underrated, but a great movie really deserves to be rated around 8/10. I can only blame his current low score of 6.6 / 10 on 11% of idiots who gave her 1/10. At the time of writing this comment attracted less than 300 votes. Nevertheless, if the 11% who gave the lowest possible score really expected car chases and explosions, why did not they look ... even for a few seconds in the film and promotional lines? Gee ... Whatever the world comes, do not miss this most underestimated jewel of the movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie your ten does not include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator).
