My parents went to the theater to see interiors when I was young. This is one of many films I've seen with my parents, but this is the only thing we went out. Since then, I've never seen interiors so far and I have been able to survive the rest of my life. What a fantastic, wonderful, and painful boring piece in the 70th Wine and Cheese Trip. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is the worst side of his career. In the clear style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, mute, insight into the lives of a family that occurred through divorce, stupidity, profession, love, love, helium, and mental damage. The film deliberately has no comic relief, no music, and shaded in the shadow pathos. This film style can be better defined as an expressionist in nature, using the advanced method of speech to run illegally "more clear meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. This film is slow and dull. But more than that, I do not have any affinity or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead I am only shuffling for this process of shuffling, whining, nicotine stained, martyrs in a permanent quest for recognition. The story of the cosmopolitan wealth and the background call Bright intellectual background is like a fart in the story room. Everyone speaks of sympathetic sympathetic and upper language among cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", direction or awareness or whatever is desperate to find and it just goes to the point where you and all of them slap. It's never about clarity, it's about endless internal bonding. This is nothing more than a seriously taken psychological drama beyond the ability of the audience. Woody Allen's characters have dipped in themselves. And because of that I found this film painfully self-destructive and spiritually drying. I'm looking for where I'm going, but its persistence and twisted technologies that encourage her message through Prozac's prose are to point to the point of relevance. I am very happy and if you need to remember about death, I highly recommend this. Otherwise, just this film does not always happen.
