The summer season is the summer when it is dedicated to performing 99.9% screens during the summer when the choices are restricted to the week's hottest film. OK, so I can exaggerate the percentage, but you'll get my motion. Apart from Hollywood, most Bollywood buffers in Bollywood have their stake, and from some of the trailers show, I've also seen them hype. In 2008, Thaksin was declared one of the most anticipated, but I was less surprised by fewer people than in the movies. I saw Jodhaa Akbar, it was a complete house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> When I see it, I know why. It's entertaining, but it's basically weak. It is the style of "genre", literally the title of the English, Tashan is all style, but less substance. It's not a simple star power, but scenes are compulsory, and some have to say about the boundaries and bollywood standards on a tad to correct some. Directed by Tashan directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both enjoyed greatly. <br /> <br /> When you can not make a mistake in his direction, you probably love to scratch your head with his rookie direction with Tashan. It tried to force a lot of things in the story, though it allowed some credit for the credit to stimulate the character, but it was too late and ultimately not anticipated just a moment in Hong Kong's Wireless and Hollywood's humorous pistols and many Thai action films featuring firearms purtisa Thai take action. Including a kitchen sink, an overview of the vehicles you find, and a Dhoom 2 tribute to cake, a jetky boat somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> Best of all, Tashan may unexpectedly enjoy the comedy, and the cast is attributed to how the ham is played with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays the role of Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive, who gives only English tuition, the only venue for fishing for the new sweetheart material. When he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), his playboy paths will be beside him, who will not be sure of her, but the positive and sweet-natured hottie. She is engaged to Jimmy's services for her employer, Mubster Bhayaji (Anil Kapoor), who is laughing when he speaks in broken English and likes to do a Ah-beng. <br /> <br /> In order to complete the book, Akshay Kumar has played Bachchan Pandey, who has been strangely grounded to hunt jimmy and puja with money stolen from the business of Baha'iGeji. Friends who have turned friends like a road trip, and friends you know are friends. Jimmy Cliff he goes from zero to hero, because the ramboo is full of shyness, it is at all times fully characterized. Kareena Kapoor stops her sexy behavior by using her feelings, and both have plenty of opportunity to cheat men, and a lot of favorite bikini scenes, and kneeling necklines or other garments that praise the haminins. Each character created a backstreet and I thought that Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey is probably the best, most touching and most fun yet, although his character is a green Incredible Hulk and Power Packing punches with his gravitational-remotely combination. His injuries can also heal himself, which is very attractive to Wolverine. <br /> <br /> "Cheers" Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey. "I usually watch for most Bollywood films, Despite the language gap, a tune or two hamming appearances emerged, and I could not do it after Tashan because the songs were not just beautiful, usually the song / dance routine works well into the current scenario <br /> <br /> If the Tashans are probably not very serious, the story of the Krishna Acharya, you probably feel a little better, and be more cautious about continuation. As Bill, now I can start to understand why groups are already shunned by this one Though Kumar stole the show, Tashan was well on the whole.
