What about the only thing that wakes up from your sleep while watching Kareena Kapoor's vision of two-piece bikini? Mega-depression, mind-touchless new movie this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see some every week, but Tashan is not a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. The film is terrible because the audience is taking audiences for all because it is thought that the filmmakers will get out without a plot or any amicable concept because they run big movie stars. They are written and directed by Krishna Acharya, as Tashan is a road motion picture, but one that is all going wrong. Saif Ali Khan starred as Jimmy Cliff, who is the call center center executive, teaches English to Baiyazzi - this is Anil Kapoor playing the prestigious US gangster, disappointing to go cold. Looking at Jimmy's eye, Gangster's pretty young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor) uses Jimmy to betray 25 million rupees. Bhaiyaji hires his employee as his most loyal servant as he decides to recover his money to punish both Jimmy and Pooja. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, Gangster's trusted assistant of Kanpur, stealing criminals, and retrieves hidden stolen money across the length and breadth of the country. Like those bad eighty patriles, Tashan is also a threadbare script based on a Vendetta platform. But so over-the-top of the treatment, so it fulfills any connecting failure fails to fulfill. Depending on a coherent screenplay or a traditional three-dimensional structure, the scenes will get you a set of loosely set pieces. The horsemeat song in the desert, the bullet-dodging action scene in a Rajasthani castle, Kareena's bikini moment, a laughing climate action scene filled with Shallein monks, jumping with water scooter through a dirty nail and a belief or a fine-horse horse. In all the aesthetics, all this set pieces have not done badly - the item song in the desert is very neat - but it makes no sense to the big picture much less because really you're going from one piece to another without any really help from the script. To find out about a painful stylish line track of childhood lovers, you would think what you'd hoped to do in a fast-paced road movie. And what else to do, I do not think they think - the image of pride reeks. The mix of elements of each genre can not be packaged unobtrusively as if the mix works and looks like a cooked dish. There are soft killing movies, then Tashan, the film that you kill is overwhelming. Glossy finish can be packaged with camera work, exotic locations and fancy costumes, and each frame of the film may cost at least a million rupees, but the protagonist still thinks it is an empty piece at the end. The story from Tarantino's loan story and Stephen Chow did not help because they did not mix the film's layer-thin platform. If the characters are more attractive, there may be a slightly lesser complaint than one, but Anil Kapoor's disgusting Hinglish dialogue will turn your wrist down, and Saif Ali Khan can not find his feet through the film Phoolly. Kareena Kapoor, on the other hand, the Queen of the Top Delivery, makes a good job. However, if some have saved Tashan, Akshay Kumar's irresistible existence and thanks to his natural approach to the role. He repeatedly collapses his breaks, and when he offers those double-meaning dialogues you will fall, but in a moment he can turn your eyes on the screen. Though some good music from Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem to be the only ones that are trying to extend your hardship. Because the test is a test for your patience. If you do not know, Tashan means style. Sorry to say no to this movie.
