I guess I told you about this time. Pokemon fans today suffer from America. Why? Kids rely on WB and 4 Kids Entertainment to provide us with our beloved series and movies. Until the series goes on, they make a lot of job in Japanese reforms and bring magic to television. So what's their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly now, I have seen three Pokemon pictures in Japanese and I see fourth. They are wonderful movies. They are all enjoyable and fun to watch. And, after watching Pokémon 2000 theaters, I can not help but wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. As you can see, read something that they say 'empty here morally' in the big bold faced letters. They will certainly use the same amazing dubbing techniques they use in MSB (there's acute sarcasm) and that looks like this created the worst. <br /> * possible spoilers from here <br /> Well, I first expected talking about Pikachu's rescue adventure. This is not my first stomach pain. I got enough bad comments on the pokedeks commentary on Pikke's holiday, and instead picked up all of the story together with a beautiful, sensitive female voice, as appearing in Ascema and Piccut Thancicuntai. Except for one thing, this is not a problem. Did anyone really understand why eventually Togepi did not let Exeggcute to the end? Perhaps fans, but I'm not sure parents. Then, the theme is in song. I could not help but it was in my eyes. The Japanese theme song sang the 'Tangentoye Wu Sukuro' and Japanese children. It's fun and enjoyable. This one: nausea. Now, in my favorite episodes there is a small dance kirihana. Nice music is fun to watch. It was changed with Bellosome. Music has provided a lot of music, but on top of that, there are all Pokemon discussions in music, which is jumping, untidy and simply unnecessary. Oh, and there's Poliwhirl he thinks Poliwrath. The guys who work with these letters will learn what they are constantly doing. Generally, this little dysfunction can not save the dub, which takes into consideration the most unfortunate its potential. <br /> <br /> When you encounter the Nintendo power issue you may think that the warning signs are obvious to me. For some vague reasons, I have some confidence in 4Kids and WBs. My thoughts are great, they are caught in the first film, but the second is different. In mind, I did not pay attention to the warning signs I faced in the theaters when the trailers told me, 'You believe that a person can make all the difference. "At every turn I said that at the end of the English Reformation I did not change to the moral festival like MSB. Then comes the Nintendo Power, in which I see my fears are marked in the words 'power of power' the power of one. At that point, I became a bit more difficult. 'One power off?' Not good sign. However, I have still kept my faith in some extent. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I have heard the comments that say moral good is because it is more subtle. I can see a point since I do not look like in MSb and repeat it over, this thing does not pander. However, anything else in this film was damaged. First of all, a myth of reading myth has been changed, "Ash changes the world." Ah hah. So, one that Ash chooses? Whatever. In the Japanese version, a resident of Uruguay needed a Pokémon trainer to perform their traditional celebration. This time, he is the one chosen. This is a great way for Lucia. Lucy is one of the coolest characters in the Pokemon film .... when Lucia is a movie about. This one, Lugia Ash is forced to take a back seat. In the scene where they return to the main island, Luzia and Ash Luzia are discussing the existence of the existence of the Ash, which can make all the difference. <br /> In this category, Ash is not actually 'the same person', he helped many. <br /> <br /> Many other items are nit picking. Führer's flute song was not nearly as sweet and enjoyed as a Japanese one. Giriradan addressed his collection 'with a new card?' The Hague. Worse, Misty's anger was initially concerned with moltors and sapphos. Why do not you put them in Pokéballs when you catch them? It's just like showing them up. 'Pokemon is very different about him thinking about things like collecting stamps. If they have true ridding values, they come from the team rocket. Some pretty funny lines. I do not really laugh at myself, but it's very hard for me to lower my stomach. Well, I'm officially looking at the final American Pokemon movie. I found the third imported and very enjoyable. The first Japan wasted the same style with the same Japanese image. I will import a fourth. Forget kids WB and 4 kids. You left me for the last time.
