The misleading hijack of hits with sequels is the result of more misfire than hits. Each "Godfather II" has dozens of "more American graffiti", "Steyn Alives" and "Grease 2". Although the original "Grease" was not a great movie, the 1977 adaptation of the long-term Broadway hit included 1960s inspired songs, powerful dancers and attractive actors. <br /> <br /> When the work is completed after completing Paramount, the producers are almost exhausted on every aspect of the original block buster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for filmmakers, Michelle Pfeiffer is out of this experience and has learned to read the scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty is evident here, and Papi feels she is embarrassing about her insulting dance routines and her weak lyrics. Maxwell Caulfield, however, does not even skill to express difficulty, and his emotions run from the mouth to the catatonic gamutonic. What romantic interest, beyond the hormones, is the cold sassy pfeiffer calf in dampen? That frustrating mystery faintly luau end fades undergo a bad memory. <br /> <br /> "Grease 2" is always complained because of complaints, like Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar. Compared to the original, the film comes out. However, the film is also a clunker of its own. After the frantic opening number, the whole cast will dissipate, even if the whole cast is exhausted. With some exceptions, the original songs did not have some similarity in the early 1960s and the nostalgia was only for "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour". The jokes fall flat, and the choreography of the choreographer Patricia Birch is polite and gracious in the film. However, the worst films have been made on the audience, and producers make unserious sequels until a quick buck without being prepared for blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is also not accidentally funny. Instead, the film has a view of the viewer as a bad train wreck. Just as all dead bodies were captured, the next scene was even worse.
