Following the fierce attack force, Seagal only came out with Fury of Fury. The Out-Stink Attack Force takes up some tasks. Fury is a significant improvement in the amount of flight, but still in the great scheme, mediocre. Mediator is a tool of these days, a tragic analysis of his career's decline. Wherever the attachment is the hodge-podze of the plot is radically changed from the concept, to shoot and post production, the Fury of Fury Plate line is more flexible. Someone stole the high-tech stealth fighter who uses chemical weapons to fire (which we will find later, awkwardly and destroy the whole world within 48 hours). The Seagal plane is supposed to be returned. It's quite simple, his worst sub-plot and movies are much like his recent work. Suddenly the storytelling is not good to say though, it is very poor. <br /> <br /> FOF is bad in imaginary form. It's all bad, and Seagal looks tired of the tears. He has just got the look of a toddler who has been forced to organize a school birth against his will, and hence half maintains silence's constant fads and air. Can not we blame Seagal when the matter is such ambitious and crude? Not really. This is the final film of his castel studio's multi-film deal. The 12 million dollar budget and (as Seagal's obligatory 5 million) confirms that they have touched a good part (the rest of the movie is 7 million, I'm Elvis Presley!). So why did Seagal try to make a film distributed from time to time? Fan argue though, he owes them the least effort. He was deeply frustrated, and continued use of the stand-in dub and dub-overs was a further indication. Cinematography is very good, but in all technical areas (and Kozel, like a strained standard stunt team) is nothing more than normal, and there is nothing to appreciate the image on its material, and the bored person. <br /> Again, there are some action scenes on other characters than Seagal. This is not true. <br /> <br /> The whole action is not too bad. It is good and violent, and in case we are being treated by some vintage nasty seagull blows, but nothing special is special. Some are due to the poor stunt team, and the lack of time to photograph anything too complicated or enthusiastic. For me, Shadow Man is a more joyful film because of ignorance, overlapping, plotting, vintage seagull moments and more in the middle of him. He did not appear long in the film. Seagal luckily disappears in an action scene here, and with little explanation, looks back. There is a lot of stock footage used. Using stock shots is not entirely horrendous, but it is a swearing-up. We make naval vessels unlimited, at all times, annoying. Plus the continuity of the stock footage is all about (just backwards, chasing, changing). <br /> <br /> The movie is in the middle of the road. It tells the best scenes of the film is that it is absolutely unnecessary and inappropriate girl for the scene of the girl with two hot chickens. Seagal also grew up very briefly! Overall this is one of the best stock footage based action out there, but it's not much at all. It will delight many fans, but they have to cope in mind, Seagal wants to forget this existence. **
