Steven Siegel, Mr. Personality himself, has promised to apologize from the military at this time, the United States' biggest Strait pilot (who tried to wipe his memory at the start of a film escaped at a gas station, thieves a gang interrupted at shooting) and was successful as an American traitor Thanks to Air Force stealth fighters Commando hosted by a group called Black Sunday in northern Afghanistan as a terrorist base, driven by the intrusion, if you can. Zaric (Marc Bazzle) goes to hostile territory of John Sands (Seagal), a fellow pilot who helped his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciara Peyton) and a freedom fighter Roger (Alki David). Janic Black should recognize how Sunday's heroes, Stone (Vincenzo Nicole) and his female employer, Eliana (Katie Jones), and the commander of the Sands kidnap stealth fighter, should not be taken back. And, perhaps, Sands can take revenge on a trained mole instead (Steve Touscint) in this process. General naval pilots have sands up to 72 hours until the whole area is bombed. Stealth on board, Black Sunday has a biochemical bomb hoping to fire in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal gets the chance to shoot Afghans if his hornets are not cut off. The film is mostly machine guns and dead bodies that are dying. Afghanistan's arrangement is not up to the scrutiny (or sagal and co-easy to move the area easily) and there is nothing to write about the plot itself. The image is fast edited, the camera is a bit too jerky. Seagal has not worked as a hero once and we have made it harder for him to see his action scenes rather than good old days, when his enemies take it out. Seagal is one of the most poor attempts, and he has always been poor (not a compliment). Despite the need to fight in the hands of the main villains of Seagal, it was more frustrating. He also does not break a neck that looks like a wrist or any kind (obviously we see some similarity of some of the tools we have deviated around, but filmmakers such edits and dizzying close ups).
