It is said, "A city on the hill is not hidden by itself" and is located in the city of Virginia, Nevada, on Mount. Davidson should be 6200 feet, west of Tahoe, the main example, or picture scenario. The Virginia city exploded in the American Dream like gold and silver shower, and suspiciously began the civil war that same year. This is the birthplace of the American letter dean; It was the name of a young journalist Samuel Clemens, using the name "Mark Twain", becoming America's most famous writer. It is the birthplace of great heart wealth and John Mackay's experimental pad, making him the third richest man in the world, the richest man in the United States. Hey, they should make him film about him! In the 1860s Virginia CIty was the boom town of all boomtowns, the residence of big money, one of San Francisco's St. Louis and East's largest "Metropolitan" area at one time. But Virginia City (film) missed everything and is more about Hogwash in North / South Duo among the characters of Erol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynnn Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union Practitioner, a POW in the concentration camp that is run by Captain Vance Irby, Scott, Scott. Both of them are always on the path of one another. Bradford escapes, and then attempts to stop the shipment of gold bars. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here!" Horrible. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican gangster who can not decide who he is. Miriam Hopkins plays the role of a mess named "Julia Hayne", a historic church at the first woman Julia Buttet in the town of the leading woman in real life. She goes to Washington and speaks with honest Abe about Bradford (not the IRB) hanging up and protecting the blah blah blah. Go and find out. They hang in the author. In "real life" on the last day of the Twain War War, the American flag on the Sun created. Davidson is visible to poor residents, with a kind of flame like the film. Three days later they discovered that they surrendered to the south on that day. Alan Haley and Gainan Williams take their guns out when they shoot or when the bullets are trying to speed up. Not bad idea for the movie. A similar kind of glimpse is on sap and maize throughout the film. How can they miss the golden madness, the shameless wretch of wealth, the gun battles in silver mines, the Mark Twain run out of the town and beating after a showdown, crooked railroad, opera house fire, Artemis Ward, Bulette's huge funeral, Chinese tongs, Black saloons, auction. . ? All this on a mountain around the desert? The truth is not true. Did its fabulous wealth actually have a great American Holocaust spark? Well, if you count this movie, it's not the first defeat from Virginia City. It was disappointing to fans of Virginia City, as it transformed the town into a "city of rotation", where the land was evacuated from the villagers. . . Well, it's not just a pleasant movie. Flynn and the gang are the greatest of the history they are destroying. If Flynn just played his rotten self, I'll double my rating.
