Sam Peckinpa's Best The Wild Bunch (1969) Graphic Film Ultra-Violence When the doors open, it has a detailed story with real depth characters, guiding the camera with a talented (whiskey-meredined) hand <br /> <br /> < <br /> <br /> "New Yorker Krista Lee (Candice Bergen) is a two-year" captivity " And now a blond proto-hippie chick sent to Fort, where she is reunited with her fiancée, wants to get married for her money on board, where she was in the wagon government's golden shipment, and Chainen had to buy guns, so that the soldiers were wiped out and flew to Cresta hills, Housewis Gant (Peter St Ross), kavalriyan living alone. Snarki nickname "Soldier Blue" by calling Gantt Cresta "savages," she has the ability to survive for years, it was time to overcome common sense and shear balls Gantt, the elements, the band of the enemy kiyova, an unscrupulous dealer ?? Did Donald Plejens, give one of his most ridiculous performances? <br /> The two opposers in their unfortunate situations are inevitable. And guess? Drew each other and finally ends up getting it ?? Gant was cleaned by his leg while still in the freshly treated bullet wound, which is less? At least a twelve miles radius in a cave that is just convenient, and I find that it does not say anything about the ratlesnake, mountain lions, or the apartment (where I think again in NYC real estate terms). <br /> <br /> The fact that the love of the cave is unlikely to go out is Krista Grant and he makes it to the Castle, so that Moran can not leave the men in the rescue gent; All staff members who start an attack on Cheenen village near the Regiment are needed, and once Krusta falls in the air, she goes straight to her harmful heart hubby and makes a straight line to Chenen to warn them of what's coming. <br /> What happens after that? The 1864 Sand Creek massacre has led to all the absurd misfortunes and confusing conditions for a worst rebuilding of the nationwide cleanliness, rape, violence and the common misdemeanor abuse. And after nearly 40 years of release, the scene is worrying and worrying for the worst brutality. Children are being chased under the horses' feet or in the bayonets, and the unarmed people are cut off? A good effect, I accept ?? Women were beaten and beaten by slaughtered slums, then raped and sliced? A naked local woman puts up a lot of fight with a really sickening example, so she decides to cut her chest, which instead of gratitude only to look at the beginning before moving to the camera some other bizarre act chronicle? And the scores of innocent people are wiped out, crumbled, triumphant celebrations or the worst of the souvenirs. No joke, if the scene was released immediately with the NC-17 rating, in the most exploitative way of filing criminal proceedings, nothing could be said of local American interest groups who were dissatisfied with the riot on the streets. I'm in favor of Westerns who do not shy away from honesty images from the West, or stolen if the truth says, but this film has no idea what image it wants; One minute it's a huge hand pseudo-hippie lecture on how the nostalgia proves that it is Gante's five-time manifestation of how the nursery treatment is fully (well, DUH!), Then it's a lightweight battle on the sex trait and in her delicious red-calico penny ), But Donald Pleasure's Beck-Tooth Dude unexpectedly (?)  తోషకరమైన జత మరియు మా నాయకులు తన హత్యాకాండ బారి నుండి తప్పించుకోవటానికి వెళ్ళే ఒక సబ్-ప్లాట్ లో తప్పించుకుంటారు, ఇవన్నీ పైన పేర్కొన్న అపోకలిప్టిక్ క్లైమాక్స్లో ముగుస్తుంది. That tacks were ok for a coherent movie, but the end result was a slapdash mess that milked their last ten minutes horror for all of the value of the film promotion and poster images. <br /> <br /> Soldier's blue endeavors with all sorts of things to all audiences, and Soldier's blue ends with a well-thought-out political accuracy with an absurd, pre-mulligan recipe, but they have a sand story called the Creek Massacre, Murphy Brown has some Indian characters that are more than just walks in their silent performances It's not good. We get to know absolutely nothing for the people who are completely wiped out for what looks like a cross ploy to lure the gourmet painters into watching "the most horrible film in history". If you like me, if you are surprised by the provocative statements and reviews, if you have almost endless appreciation for it to "be daring to say everything", take my position for it and Sylvier Blue slowly die in the film's darkness.
