<br /> <br /> Here's the full story: A scientist is getting messages from space (La Longwindness Day). Messages are not a huge catastrophe, and later the scientist is heard on the radio, a major earthquake in China. He is trying to figure out who he is (and who also sends messages in space) who received messages, thinking that he has messages with disasters around the world. He and his wife finally realized that messages were from the convent. They visit it. Everything, including the priest, played by the bored Christopher Lee is simple. But the scientist is adamant and really believes that he really comes from the messages and goes to the convent. So he and his wife are secretly surrounded by the foreigners, and they go to the conventional custody of the priests and nuns. They will carry out their will and Lee will get the science needed for their alien recipients to return to their planet. Once the alien special element, the aliens are all set to one of their home planet to some sort of tacky transporter platform. Lee, the last alien, tells the couple that he will destroy the land because the hockey decision by foreigners is sort of. Lee walks in the transporter. The pair, who are looking for monitors to display stock footage of natural disasters around the world, decide to follow the foreigners. Since the earth is sad, this couple does not see any point they go back, so they walk in the shipment and disappear. The final shot of the film is a paper mache exploding the planet Earth. Eventually. <br /> That's it. <br /> I've never seen a movie that I have never seen in my life. This is the most overwhelming movie I have ever had. Both the scientist and his wife put both the worst heroes or leaders on the screen. They do not care about anything. They see earthquakes on the monitors and say "Heck Is Anyone Need Any Earth?" They try to stop them or do not try to make things better. This type of story may work if everyone has a vision of Doom, but there is no action and atmosphere. The actors and those who are behind this sluggish picture are going through their paces, and you'll feel almost as much as they work when you're punching their cards and you're working back. <br /> <br /> I do not expect much of this film to be a product of Charles Band, but I did not think this was bad. <br /> <br /> Christopher Lee is one of his worst films ever and he has starred in the adventures. Well, I'm sorry Chris but Starship Invisions are actually goofy fun. STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible but terribly entertaining. At the end of the world, too, is the worst: it is undoubtedly and beyond idle, NO entertainment value.
