Nevertheless, I did not smile, though there was no earthly idea on what I expected from this film, it was really in the mind. Once I heard about its existence, if I found it, please have a movie, please do not eat the babies. Unfortunately, I was able to get a copy of the alternate title, Island Fury. Looking back, I guess I'll call the loser. In one hand, I still can not get the name of the person called the movie that does not eat babies, and on the other hand, the island fury is finally an awkward piece of an awful, pointless, boring, worst. Yes, definitely lose-lose. <br /> I can not tell you the style they go to here. Only 80 can be a long time rather than a bad thing. First up, two young girls are being chased by two bad guys, once caught, one of the bad boys girls have a coin with a string, a string, and something else, these bad guys know that many of these coins hidden on an island somewhere to bring to our attention. And these things begin to get weird, somehow some of these guys know that some of the girls had taken to the island, they were just 10 years old. I guess that's where I want to know this speculative treasure. So now, we're in the past, the girls try to repeat their steps, so these bad guys can not kill them, however, they do not care if they have. In retrospect, 10-year-old colleagues are on a boat tour with their sisters and sisters, eventually stopping by an island for some winds, they are combined with son and his killer grandparents. <br /> <br /> "The original story, at one time, I could have a lot of director, and when the flashback ended, it would be the end, that this would work for me to consider the frustration Half an hour short of this unconscious film will eventually end up, and the real thing happens, but it's stupid.I did not expect an image that I did not exactly imagine, or something like that I guess, but I hope that the exceptional B-entertainment, mostly just confusing, useless storytelling, is not known for its style.By the Creator Creatures Attack my advice is to disclose my wish If anyone is, I only have serious B-film collectors who must have all of them One would recommend, someone is probably brain damage, perhaps what I really want to do I do not know yet about what can not yet, please do not eat Bobby. 3/10
