I did not recall the last time I played it as I thought I had done in Justin Timberlake's "Edison". I was emotionally, wanting to destroy the screen, I readily accepted the helpless cry of nihilism. Timberlake is frightened; In fact, he was cast as a lead role in the cast of Andy Dick "Patton," or Nathan Lane. <br /> <br /> Timberlake is just a bad actor and horrified in any role. I have problems with Ben Affleck's acting talent, but Timberlake makes Affleck Sir Ian McKellen or Dam Judi Dench. His maternal lysp (read reading lythrough), his childhood gaze and emotional expressions throws toxons on the screen that he arises from such as "The 25 Clipping Expressions for Actors" and not how you cut it and the journalist does not buy his role for an amusing turned crusader. <br /> <br /> However, Timberlake is not the only one to blame for his failure. Director David J. Burke is not only in the lead role, but Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, John Hardy, Dylan McDermott, Cary Elves and (I'm surprised) LL Cool J <br /> <br /> There is one upward: Anyone acting like Justin is interacting to be a double relief. . A pleasure, if you can. Freeman and Spicey may not have a 10-minute screen-time only, but those 10 minutes are different from their scenes with our so-called hero. Dylan McDermott is also the breath of fresh air. <br /> But enough for Timberlake bashing - Words are not enough to trick in this particular case. "Edison" is a very, very run-of-mill story of corruption. It will have plots from the clutch to platformers. However, I admire the inspiration behind it, which I regard as the ceremony for films like "Serpiko" or "Danny Brasco" or "Chinatown". Do not make me wrong - "Edison" These films are not the same on the ballpark, but I can justify my sitting by it, perhaps banning my disbelief to worship it. <br /> <br /> The script, and himself, has some surprisingly bad writing. Yes, it has some good interchanges, but any dialogue between Piper Perabo (here's a waste of time) and Timberlake was lifted directly from Dawson's Creek episode. This is your distinctive glab-reality, let's-Impressionism-with-how-well-we-speech (and failing) conversation. This dialogue, you mind, broke great music at the wrong times - "Edison" wants to morph into a music video, sometimes the concept of the scene is not acting, but definitely by the chosen music, "Edison "A curiosity. The cast to kill for hell, but the performances were damaged by Timberlake, who did not work alone. In the movie too much art, if one thing is off, the whole thing feels off. Directors should make tough choices. David J. Burke missed the mark here. Some scenes play well in them and in them, but overall, they do not seem to fit into pieces of puzzle from different puzzles with a wacky picture. And this is not particularly an exciting puzzle to start.
