When a book's image appears to be meaningless and inaccurate, the reason can be traced to the book: It's not the start or pointless portrait of the film, but the point is that these results are very often and easy, especially point one is not easily defined. The book "Morern Caller" is a point; Every reader of the book has this feeling, he felt it had gained; But I suspect many of them say it in words. I can not do it, but I can not do that, but it's something like: Things come, things go, such a life, but we can continue; Or some of us - people like Morvon - do. There is no doubt that a more intimate critic can build a more appropriate definition. But one important thing is - the whole story is the whole point - the main thing to keep it in the story and to focus on the movie. The filmmaker obviously lost that point, and she was not a substitute for one; <br /> <br /> This book is not a book lover who has violated his favorite lesson. When I read it I found bloody boredom, a case for the pants to knock the author and to finish the job correctly. The story is considered semi-literated by Morvon, but has repeatedly denounced the illusion with ten different literary influences. There are different parts of different sections, composed of style and tone inequality; And any resolutions that I can reach about Morver have been temporarily suspended because it is not intended by the writer and he does not: For example, if Morver's own self-role was a guru, she eventually left a work-class Scots girl and music downloads in her previous versions Not much different from that. In any case, despite the writer's irritability, I can not deny that his book is stuck with me; And I could not come out of my head, the perspective of his character, her perspective in the world, it's almost as clear as a Goya film. Morvron is always the type of person who is facing comic and rather terrible situations at once; She invites them occasionally, but as often as they fly on her, most of her life is a type of gitchy or graceful sluggish slogan, unnecessarily practical and unconscious philosophy - and does not begin to explain it exclusively. The complexity of events and morburn's reactions to them is difficult to disclose in the book's material and its credibility, the cross-section of existence; <br /> <br /> In my book, I can see this. <br /> <br /> Morvon is not a Marwar of this movie. Or if it is, she will be put offscreen too. The actress, who is a good actress for the role, is at the right age at the right time, from the old TV series "Paddock Cork" by Amrhahad Rees. Samantha Morton appears to be a good actress: she is the same actress, and one of her previous films, "The Son of Jesus", she has played a girl who has turned this one into some adjustments. Unfortunately, the film turned out, she does not have a role to play from the book. One thing is, if it is dramatic, he shouts for the monoglogues by the main character of the audience; Without her comments, her perspective, her voice, the story loses much of its meaning. The adapter has lost much of its removal from its comic and awkward elements: the most memorable events from the book are before the courtesy, and Morren's responses are not too much (fun or bizarre on her mood), and the events are no longer in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose a feisty, emotional serio-comic novel to make it a delicate art TV film, and mourns in a artistically tragic tragedy as a distinctive feature of Mrs. Morton; Out of Wing Morburn's stores of cross-trip for sign up. The book, or about Morvern's book, is not about it. For another thing, Morrow is not Scottish (in an interview that she does not have time to study the voice), and she should be: she, her family and her colleagues are important from one place. Finally the film is not at the end of the story: the cost of Morvarn and her cold dark: it's winter, damaged the river, the power went out and the pub is dark. Minis and the rest are all about the failure of a failed art film, a dead film, a refusal to give up anyone's strength or a local incompetence.
