The film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional Japanese house, which is a little hilly and reads 'Kushita Keota, Japan 1840' in a screen title. A young Japanese trainei runs Samui Masaniori (Toshia Mariamma) home, where she is the backman of Osama (Macao Hattori) Masonori teacher, who is behind the back of her husband Shugoro's (Shiroki Sasaki, known as Tasashi). Schugoro accidentally comes home to have his wife and student closer to each other. Before the suicide, he killed both Otami and Masaniori. A century later and Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan to work with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). The close friend of Alex Curtis (Doug McQueer), who works for the American Consulate, helps them find a place where you do not need me! He jokes because it laughs both Tate and Laura because at least twice this occurs because it is absolutely no belief in demons. Almost immediately the image goes into Clip Mode. Lights repulsed themselves, Laura had an uncomfortable feeling about this place, and a local Jen Monk (Henry Mitova) gave them an alert warning before they were too late, which they ignored the course. The souls of the Ottimi, Masaniari and Shugoro endeavor to remain within the walls of the house because of the curse of Mahoos (Sueco Olajima) for eternity. But unfortunately they may be able to break their curse for the Fletcher family who could spend their marriage, daughter and perhaps even their lives. <br /> <br /> Kevin Connor's directorial venture is a very pretty average picture, and if you have nothing good, you have forgotten a day or two after a while. In addition to being too rare in memory, on the other hand the film is not good. Robert Suhusky's script, written by James Hardyman, is very low on the sidelines and precisely-numbers, there are a lot of spiritual dances throughout the film, but none of them is more interesting or exciting and does not help things in flat roles and direction. There are silly scenes like the giant plastic crabs that Amy and her nurse, Norico (Mayumi Umada) are trying to get. Jen Munk exops the house and the ghosts are pulled out of the back, although Ted simply opens the door and they just walk back to some exorcism! Another thing, I think Doku McQueer was at the age of 47, and when I tried his hand in the Kung-fu and Oriental sword fight I thought it was a bad idea! George also receives lots of breasts with George McClure, including big pains and two bedding sheets to ensure that the waist adherence to super glue is under nakedness. Most are not talking about blood, gore or violence, rather than the head of the screen. The 'transparent' ghost effects are right but it's not just to impress many people these days. It looks professionally enough and looks very nice but the potential in Japanese setting and myths is squandering as this film could set in any Western country without having to change America, England or a thing. Water for an okay time.
