At the beginning of the film, you may double check the DVD cover and re-read twice, but do not worry. It's not a "Geisha Memoirs" you've bought; It's more attractive and it's an intro film that's more beautiful than what's in it. However, as a samurai sword owner in 1840 showed how his wife would commit adultery, the whole film is the best thing to start. He punishes two lovers before performing Hara-Kii (ritual suicide by ritual). In Japan, the American ambassador welcomes a friendly family and carries it home, where it was about a century and a half ago. Since then, this seems to be a seemingly haphazed routine haunted house, and a fully retarded and inexplicable script is still somewhat unusual. Start with good stuff, which includes the original Japanese setting and the presence of my time favorite British horror wine (well, Brit Auckland, Linda Hayden and Susan George with Ingrid Pitt). The bad stuff is just the screenplay incomplete, and the impulsive and unsatisfactory turns of repair can only laugh. Homeless souls at home soon begin to entertain themselves by committing themselves to new tenants' bodies and causing them to say and crazy about all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of the gang-rape woman is particularly squeezing into Susan's ravishing booty and she enjoys transforming into a vicious seductress! In this "captive" state, she also attracts an American ambassador outside to have sex in a garden in a full-fledged community diner party. So, strictly speaking, it's not really "bad" living at home; The trio of ghosts ghosts with dirty minds and a lot of time on their long dead hands! Since the light-blue and transparent designs have been reminiscent of the popular ghost of popularity in "Ghostbusters", these scenes are more ridiculous than frightening. "The House Where Evil Deloves" is probably the least scary ghost image. For most of the running time, director Kevin Connor (though there are excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "Grave Beyond the Grave") may be "Motel Hell", such as his movie Funny and Over the Top. But again, the cast is continuing to speak with his / her lines a simple and sincere face, so we all want to take seriously and feel discomfortable. The "House of Evil Wherever" is not always a zealous or long-lasting thrill and does not even have any gruesome images at the start of the massacre. I know how sound I sound, but two scenes missing from Susan George are the only real highlights. Well, that's probably the cheesy and laughable over-size spiders in the daughter's bedroom (or are they crabs?). How totally random and irrelevant? <br /> <br /> Whenever you decide to give a bad name to the film, make sure you are reasoning in your general sense and logic. <br /> <br /> Trivia Note for the horror fans: The mask is also a pivot piece of scenery in the wonderful Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
