I sit down to view this movie and do not think anyone can wish anything remotely like a classic ghost story, but if you've ever been scared, you should ask yourself when it's over. It really does not work at that level, but the cast will try hard and the film will not be one of those happy endings. The story is about an American couple traveling to Kyoto, Japan, writing a book by Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert), along with his wife Lara (Susan George) and their daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their friend Alex Curtis (Doug McQueer) who works in American consulates helps them to live in a house and finds something he haunts. About 140 years ago a samurai in his house cheated his wife and he killed them and committed suicide. <br /> <br /> Their ghosts are at home. When Fletcher arrives, strange things can not happen. <br /> <br /> Spies alert Some ghosts have Fletcher's bodies and they start to act like the predecessors of the Japanese people and begin to run with Laura Alex, which leads to an affair. Meanwhile, Ted behaves more strictly and he goes to ask a Monk for help after he saves Ami's sore down the soup. Unfortunately, the devil, Laura, and Alex, who had been 140 years old, had been hurt to play their death scene. <br /> <br /> The film is a well-known television director directed by Kevin Connor but has worked in McLeure on some of the horror and science fiction films and some of them. Even if it does not come close to a scary or growing environment, it has two things I like. First, there was not one of the longest conclusions that the couple paid up after defeating the demons. Instead, it ends up in a very bloody struggle, where everyone surrenders to the evil of the devils. Secondly, this is Susan George in the cast! Although I loved her so much, she looked more like school, but her performances were always top-notch. She usually looks nude here in two different scenes and has a unique thoroughness that she can see about her, even if she does not have classic features and is one of the most popular reasons for her. But after appearing in such crazy films like this I think she has come out of business or has only occasionally led to work. It's not a bad movie, but Mank never convinces an exorcist to smash around ghosts when a smile or two is practically worthy. The bottom line is that this is silly and I hope George decides to return to his career.
