Oh dear lord, Earth on Above Any part of this part has been passed at any time? It reeks cheese from start to finish, but it is not even good cheese. It is scummiest, moldiest, has a very flavor cheese, and I can not believe there is someone out there who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you've drunk / drunk buddies weigh a few bits the way tragic kind may be funny, but only when the audience buddies say the group is throwing popcorn and irrelevant insults only at the rest of each other and at the screen. I had a few beers in the making of the chuckle away at the imaginary garb of the film, watched with a few laughs guy for a make up. We got crapness (it's plenty), but not chuckles. It's very bad - it's not even a good film. It's just bad. Very bad. Why die (see if you're spoilerphobic): Death of the film starts with a guy defeating another person. Okay, I think this is a few minutes delayed why not so, but I think the behind the scratch scene is a bit of a badass that 'this person does not want to mess with you'. Oh, and one person will witness it. So, we already have our ultra evil bad guy, and wussy but beautiful (obviously) good guy. Cue hero. Big Sam just takes a simple fashion scene, saves a good guy in immunity, meaning that the bulletproof can not be understood as simple action that can only achieve action films, everyone gets rather clumsily over. The first plot hole in the queue. Bloody Hell Sammy knows where this guy is or where he has seen the murder. Perhaps this, and answers to my plot hole-related questions, explained 2 minutes before I got into the movie, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to stop making these holes in the movies, so I turn the movie into a Swiss cheese (we know that good cheese is for everyone). So, 'plot' (the most generous word to use). A good guy must take LA, he can not do without a bad man, and hero Sam will be between two. View for next vomit-inspiring bell - passenger plane. As I mentioned, more pockets at the plot holes, I'll leave there. Passenger plane. Next, the key element of the missing from this gem of an image, and it does everything - snakes. Yes! Oh, pause. At first we have to introduce all the obligatory characters to be a dirty picture. The hot, horny couple (see whether you guess how much they die), the British guy (that trouble Brits, EH?) Before the dead- is also a snake, cute kids, and Joe brand. For all of you Americans that she is an English comic for size and intolerance. Now we're casting, let's see, all of them die (excluding cute children). Do not originally expect it, it's just different partially snake bites and ever-growing hilarious (not really) body parts. So, that's a lot of the film wrapped up, so now the best bit, the ending of the movie makers clearly use your imagination, since they do not use their own. <br /> <br /> As expected, airplane lands are just as happy as everyone in everyone's eyes is starting to suck the face. Yep, ice are cool cool. But wait, we still do not have to turn off the plane! The last person to get out is the good guy, but he is just bitten by the snake (all things) he (you guessed). Apparently this was a total time on Mr Jackson's hair, somehow it could have done a few minutes before the good old hero, despite the 200ft constrictor (though it was hiding in that pesky British stomach) that she had managed to resist the air pressure trick. So, Sam leaves him and the serpent. At this time, I revealed that I needed to make a much-needed U-turn and betrayed some of the hero's heroes. But not. A kind of icing on the way to the cake (but remember with old chess), the film's climax bullet proof is associated with the cloth. <br /> <br /> Anyone 10 years ago left alone in 2006 and someone may think that their ingenuity affects me. Not yet. After everyone's absorbed face (the famous actress, the good guy with Tiffany, the token black guy with token white girl, and the hot couple of Nematrophilia's heart heats), it's time for a good guy and hero to get it. ... in Bali !!! No, it's not exciting, exclamation marks my complete happiness when I see only the credits roll. Yes, the last shot of the film is a bonding surfing trip, a bit of male bonding, and virtually some morganes have a chance to enjoy some of the pictures. That's it. For the first time, I posted a review of the film, but I thought it was very hard to talk to someone against the scarcity of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, air hostess, bad guys, surfing, bags or dogs in English people, please do not watch this movie. This will make your feedback anytime, ever, never ever contact anyone again. Go see United 93 instead. That's fine.
