I'm analyzing this movie and it becomes even worse. First of all, why the inspirational speaker? That part is just stupid. I mean, why is a Mégromoniac dependent on the inspired speaker to control the world? Is Alexander Stone truly disorganized? At first he can not decide what he wants to control the world, so he sees the Bible for ideas. For many of these ideas I am really loyal (for example, "Ishmael and Isaac's houses" may be part of it. "It may be part of the cyanages and mosques during the Crystalnacht may well have Baghdad or some musk fires) and the family of Gille Lane! Values ​​provide a platform and tap their eyes melt with water I can say that Casper van Dean / Gillen Lane is at his twenties (or a seal that I own) and has a child at a ten-year-old high school, yes, the TBN family values ​​go there. Is the film like that so bad? I will repeat what I have already said before. Initially, Michael Ironsides kills a priest and steals the dead man's omega code, and when two men scared him, the two prophets said, "Tell us what you are here! "Dominic (Iron Sides) Replies" He already knows "and points to a small surveillance camera. That part moves my spine. It was like a scene, I love this movie. I will give Michael York credit: Michael Ironsides doing a good job of acting as he does. But good guys are terrible. <br /> <br /> When I was in the Lane family <br /> <br /> Now I'm on acting and I'll plant it. This is clearly a Baptist film, so it is depicted as our beloved Pope Oph of the Vatican. The global dominance plot I like and the closest and subtle, action sequences are thrilling and well done. Another contradiction against the Vatican and their leaders was devastating, because it was not the end of the world for Gilen Pope, but in a new beginning, they used the Omega code to control the world from the world union to break up the Vatican (or the Israelis). Whoever it is, they just do not divide, they send commandos and kill them. Knowing Kjezi to kill the US president and "We're not talking to you anymore!" Knowing that it's equivalent to America. Come on! I am pleased to see the bombings headed by Israel to see them again on the monitor. Medium is small.
