I've never seen it as an avid director of "Crocodile Hunter", but occasionally saw the bit of episode or episode, and when it came to news about Stinge Irwin's death in 2006, it definitely caught my eye. The film starred alongside Steve and his wife Terry, but in the fictional story released in 2002, but it did not hear me until a few years later, and it took me a while to see it around. Well, now I see it, and after watching the first time (more than once), after seeing its rating, it's no surprise to see if it's a BIT best. <br /> <br /> US satellite Beacon drops from empty space and lands in Australia, where it will be a comedy. The crocodile swallowed! Steve and Terry Irvine are aiming to seize the crocodile who is scared of a livestock on a Ranch owned by a crazy Brizee Driight and no one knows, two CIA agents have been sent to Australia to recover Beacon! The agents are helping Joe Buckley, and Ranch's owner and her dogs can make them more difficult to mission! In Steve and Terry's mission, they face other kinds of dangerous wildlife, not just crocodile, and Crock is nothing exceptional, so when Steve visits CIA agents he makes mistakes for errors! <br /> <br /> When I saw this film, I did not laugh at all, the only part that really smiled me was Steve Irwin used a big snake to frighten one of the CIA agents. Not surprisingly, I do not even think I found anything a little amusing. It turns out that the CIA headquarters returns from the Australian Outback and is a bit of an irregular mess, and clips from "crocodile hunter" and clips from an action thriller (or something like that) for some actions. Even the ranch scenes attached to that mixture seem to be from anywhere, and as funny as the Brazzie Driette, played by Magda Szubanski, is not her. At one point, we see her farting, so we have a fart joke, modern comedy MAJOR CLICK! Can they be too much ?! Steve Wrenling has been praised as most conservative, and they unfortunately do not lose them because Steve Wrestling has caught up with other dangerous creatures and talking to viewers about them, I found "crocodile hunter" scenes, but I was a devoted fan of the show He was confused with nature P, are also coming to him. No matter where you are, "The Crocodile Hunter: Condensing Course" is not a well-made film. If you're a big Steve Irwin fan I'm sure it will help you, but even if you're not clearly affected by these fans, you do not have the guarantee that you like this movie. In fact, some of them seem to think that the film is worse than I did, so it does not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I thought about Steve Irwin and his performance, the film is unnecessary. Trying to appear in "crocodile hunter" with a fictional story is unfortunately unsuccessful and a viewer can find that the film is longer than ninety minutes!
