From the beginning this movie is awful! Why is that bad ?? If it is not naked women, a good plastic surgeon is not just a need, a free hand dentist skill from calcarete whitening! 'Crazy' old man at the gas station then not too silly, but more "I'm straight forward I stare at the robot tones about something in the woods I'm not sure how stupid I stare at and stupid as I can look a great deal" Then return to this nugnus nymphs that require a cure for gingivitis ... without touching it ... and it will suit the opening scene .... It's a nasty on your neck I think it's not a part of the meat but it looks like it's clear with some TCP . Then you have Sally Holland playing Ally, I have never seen such a baaaaaad acting, she is more of me, I can not do that if I am not happy, and I'm a meaningful cow on the planet, I'm a little boy and I do not do my eyes I will not come! "The type of person .... the more 6 yr old girl attitude I do not even think to refer to the terrible camera angles that reminds me of Blair Witch, or how low the budget movie is indeed actually hacked into the 'locked' door, before actually unlocking Opened from the other side !! This film is totally ridiculous! The film is not just a plain picture of a horror movie! I'm running out of the room when I'm in Tim in the picture! The role of Tom Sawney is directly hiding in the table in his eye, Andrew Drip Raspberry Juice He was funny at every time in his ear, and these two ideas were in the curious trumpet   ప్పించుకునేటప్పుడు కూడా ఇది చాలా వినోదభరితమైనది, ఇది మేము తెలిసినంతవరకు నీవు అలాంటిది అసహ్యించుకునే వాహనం వెనుక నుండి వెనుకకు పెట్టడానికి వాహనమైనది! సో అది వారు దూరంగా లేదు ఏ వండర్ ఉంది ?? మరియు వారి మణికట్టు తెరిచి, ఏమీ జరగనట్లయితే గంటలు గంటలు పరుగెత్తవచ్చని మీరు ఎంత మందికి తెలుసు! No pain, no weakening from blood loss, nothing! But suddenly (and I mean literally) it was a year later and suddenly when Molly was still spinning in the woods after escaping the nymphs (and I understand what it means), and then lo and behold, Shaun Hatson picks her ... not without a line to encourage her books! ! (He is one of my favorite writers) but suddenly, and with an accurate hint of how and why an xplanation ... she lures Hatson to evil and her death, then we cut the crazy dude from the start suddenly wandering in the woods round with a patrol, no one ever For what reason there will be venture there on 'amazing' performance on why ... cue everywhere petrol will Nymphs, while revenue for the fun of each other around a bit stupidly slappin. ... And here's the end of the movie .... finally! My ending ... If you can not imagine now ... now completely rubbish! No proper thought has gone into it, the camera needs to fire anyone who targets it ... and it will come to think 99% cast! That's fine if the right director, actors, and the budget is behind this. But once again, the low-budget English horror movies, the rest of the style, the country and the English film-making industry is shame! (And I'm English! In fact, the only good and exciting part of this film is 15-20 minutes in the first field. "I'm thinking of all this:" Why is Jesus Christ in Heaven, why did you let anyone make it, its perfect cow testicles !! "Unfortunately after I started looking at it, I can not change the movie. I had a good time to remember that Tom was good.I had a choice for 0/10 and I chose you, not one point that I gave to the film! <br /> It is my opinion, see it and decide for yourself.
