The hero of this tricky supernatural horror / thriller tried to convince me that an authentic serial killer (whose name was my escape from me at that time) was motivated by the original terminology. While waiting for his execution in an electric chair, he stated that he would return to his life and continue in a continuous murder case. It's not a very original idea to rotate a horror movie. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented precise basic premises, such as "House 3", "Shaker" and "Ghost in the Machine". However, "The First Power" (a.k.a "pentagram") is not entirely terrible, but the script has reverted to excessive cliche and does not have real thrillers. The film starts out well, however, the disappointing cop-hero Lou Diamond Philip is chasing a maniac who moves the bloody pentagrams of his victim's chests. He received unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by a tremendous and cheaper Tracey Griffith. She leads him to the killer but wants not to run him, because it's a bigger disaster! Thanks to Tess Assistant Guidelines, Detective Logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his execution, but Patrick Channing signed an agreement with Satan and returns to the rotten streets of California. "The First Power" is pretty bad when the murderer is a revenge inspiration. Instead of using his new satanic powers to wipe out the whole world (I will replace him), Chaning only kites the cat and mouse games with his enemy Rogan. He always called him "Buddy-Boy" and had Logan's friends and colleagues' bodies in order to deceive him. Even though it's never really boring or poorly absorbed, it's a very weak film that is constantly burdened, because you mostly get the feeling of DJ-Wu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff uses the shamelessly every terrible cliche (the killer is sexually damaged as a child) and even the players can easily guess the lines. As Griffith explains, she will be able to predict her future, and you're going to tell her ridiculously louder line somewhere in the movie, "I tell people who live their lives, but my own life is mess." Yawn. Lou Diamond Phillips' performance is adequate, but it is difficult to take the young rebels of "La Bamba" and "Stand and Deliver" as hard copper. The film features good characters appearing in a minor role, with Michael Williamson ("Forest Gump"), Carmen Argonziano ("When A Stranger Calls") and B-movie horror hero David Gale ("Re-Animator").
