When I was on holiday in America, I heard about the first time when I spent the film 2. I really did not take much notice until the original purchase on the DVD that led me to learn about its three sequels. I started to read about the return on the IMDB. Although it was their terrible criticism, I still went out of my way to watch it and it was on the brink of buying until I saw it in the DVD on the DVD. I did not expect much but I thought I'd be half respected to get the theatrical release in America, after all, how often does Van Damme see on the big screen? Well, I did not prepare anything for this. I cried so much. Total 80 minutes and £ 2.50. This move explains how bad it is. A. It is making idiotical film. No, it's more than idiotic. I can not believe how I did it. I can not believe that Mike Rogers was not killed there. Stupid may be how many people - First, Van Dummay actually thinks the script and the whole movie is good. Second, Xander Berkeley of Terminator 2 and Air Force One status, the fact that he met himself in the film. I can not believe the stupidity of this film. It's very serious but it's audiences to audiences. Here is an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luke is now human) - "I need my daddy", SETH- "So what i am". Oh, and tries to shut off SETH by pulling three heavy levers with some guy - wait for it - turn it off and write them off. Acting is like all round theatrical acting. I designed the Director of the Director of the Cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles from April O'Neill to make a director of Mr. Lewis Reporter - she needed her story because she refused to go. I'll come - How many Khadijs can be used as a film? Please listen to my fellow IMDB users - do not touch it with a barge pole. For the diagnosis, the Universal Soldier: The Return is not the first film. In fact, if you do not call them Unioules, you never know it's a sequel. Luke is now a human being - what the hell!?! The only place where he can access the Internet is in strikbab. All new Eunice Solds look like they are from the street, they are undoubtedly. It is pure torture to see, so be good - do not torture yourself. PS - The best part of the film: Romeo jumps from a building and shouting 'Oh Sh * ti'.
