OK I saw this movie to get a benchmark for the bad but now with Yukosol's best picture plot with this film is a new, more sophisticated, intelligent and agile soldier with a technologist who works with his partner Maggie, government who is now through his training and fighting countless hours The UniSol program has been refined and tried to make a stronger breed Perfectly. All of the newest additions that are faster and stronger than their predecessors are connected by an artificially intelligent computer system known as SETH, which is self-diagnosed Thought Helix. SETH recognizes that the Universal Soldier program is closed due to budget cuts, and he acts as his own "hands" to defend himself. Killing those trying to close his power, and killing Super Soldiers' losses, under the direction of the Roma Romeo, leaving SETH Devarax, Deversack down the course of hours because it has the secret of deploying a built-in program. With the help of a hicker named Squid, SETH takes on human form. Loach should also compete with General Radford, who wants to take serious action to stop the crowd, noting his rivalry with the prestigious reporter Erin. SETH has also kidnapped Hillary, a 13-year-old daughter who had been wounded and now holding her captive. Luke is the only person who can save Hillary, Luck Unilell knows, feels, struggles. Now there is a problem when a reporter has now seen how and when a soldier is shot with a pistol with a gun and when the soldiers are read with a trick. While Luke is now a human being, the final fight scene is unbelievable and Seth is 5x strong and can be hit from him faster than any other ensemble and Luke. With the final struggle of the loook, he was cut into pieces, and I did not melt the pieces and could not reform him (Terminator 2). And another thing is that Dame's dame is how Damn relatives will be able to play good actors to play in the film is that science fiction is entirely on the grid. Music score Now you have heard a song that you are like a Soldier 2 unit with a knife cut on the blackboard. There are a number of good points there is Dolph (HOORAY) and there are a number of unlike a naked scene in the 1st one (I'm still haunted by the scenes in # 1) Some of the actors in this are first casting guys guys sadist (if you do not believe me see me)
