I've seen the documentary at the age of 16: "A funny thing had happened on the way to the moon." I really liked it and believe it for a few years, but I grew up and started thinking, when I requested more information: from reel sources More information, and non-biased resources.A long time ago when I started at the university, I was ready for this conspiracy He was amazed by me: he told me that these theories were lying, but I did not believe it first, but he presented testimonies for his arguments, and he quickly dismissed many theories about the subject: "Humans did not go to the moon "Without the death of staff from radiation, The fact that most people do not travel through the Apollo-Craft van-Allen-Radiation-Belt is the fact that Americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-mixture, which is not well known, and the exact characteristics are a mystery and why is this a secret? Well, why they should be disclosed ? If they race in a race to the Russians, then they will be very dumb to disclose new technologies that can shield the staff against radiation. <br /> And then there's the biggest evidence of all: Moon Stones. When Apollo-missions went to the moon, they returned all the rocks from the Moon to scientists and similar scientists and brought back many stones from the moon. These rocks and rocks originated. Because: The underlying basic elements of all materials are also made of special isotopes, which range from quarry to quarry, to ground to ground, especially from the planet. The rocks and rocks of these rocks have been proven, they do not come from the earth. Astronauts have brought hundreds of kilograms of the house in these rocks, all of which are proven to be from outside the Earth and from the same planet. Ergo: The moon-landing name is not fake. NASA went to another planet: moon, it's not a planet, but a planet, a moon (moon). These stones were distributed to labs and universities around the world. <br /> <br /> But I do not worry: most conspiracy-theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, tell or lie about these facts. The fact remains: Humans have not walked on the moon.
