This is probably a movie that has a non-stop pictures that dozens of gorgeous ladies dozens with delightful organizations doing aerobic exercises, wandering about clothes in tight gym taking taking the garage and taking a garage, maybe it's tough? Before becoming a horror film, a 90 minute promo video to promote "aerobedous" steroids, silicones and other body-stimulating fitness products. If you leave Hookie Boys lifting all the tired of all the 80s that weighs loads and money and racks, there is a 15-minute story left. The young health-freaks slaughter with a large security pin (yes?) Is plenty of time to improve a plot about a sadist killer. The film opened an unexpectedly joyful scene of a girl fried between an electric sun bathing device. After many years people turn into dead in the same spa. You do not really need to be an experienced horror or rocket scientist to figure out the link between murders and burning events, now you do? A seemingly braindead police officer investigating the case includes a beef cock private detective who gets lucky with the beauty of the sensational 80's of the so-called sensational 80's (and see Charles Napier! Diane Copeland is her name by credits, and she did nothing from this famous Turkey and a famous Timoama movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a wasting opportunity! She is not a great actress, but she has two other BIG benefits that help her to move up in show business. Quality of gore size and makeup effects are not unique. We're treating a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh. Foolish stories near the conclusion are ridiculous and predictable, but no one at the time is portrayed. "Arobdius" (a.k.a. "Killer Workout") is recommended when you want to change your brain function for one night, but it's like watching the film! It actually makes an amazing double feature with "Death Spa". There are a lot of kids wearing sexy and minimally dressed in two movies? And the two films are pretty dumb.
