At the end of the Baby Mama's end, one of the central characters continues to describe the basic form of all the preceding items and captures it as 'all the chaos'; I can not really say better than that. While this feature holds its distinctive beam each now, the present majority is considered to be worthy of consideration and very rare for anyone. A poor cast, mundane script and vague, satirical characters must not necessarily mean that the baby mama does not tax on ol 'noggin, but its proposed concept is not always by humor. Most routine, cliche jokes, odd couple (richer and poor) are trying to live with each other as they are preparing to bring a baby in the world, which is very quiet to laugh outside its narrow populations. <br /> <br /> It's not as bad as finding a love story, but bubbles are always a soft romance, playing the plot line as a storyteller to work with a comedy-based odd couple tangent. The characters themselves, the small centers sit in small spaces together, but when they alone can unravel and bear their emptiness; So sometimes when it comes to discovering the dialogues of entertaining characters every time, the comedy never breaks far beyond the chuckles; We do not feel for the characters and they are inherently interesting, but can not find their dynamic. Unfortunately, this dynamic is better, or even better than the one mentioned above, rarely emerged outside the general limitations of the odd-twin formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fay) decides to leave her successful classmate, Moo-Blum Angie (Amy Pohler) successful businessman, and Angie Hopeless Hussein Karl (Dakes Shepard), her successful surrogate, and eventually their obvious differences. Yes, it's a typical odd couple's premiere, and what we already do in Vegas this year, still baby Mama does not have a chemistry between the presenters and semi-layered characters in the film above. Both Kate and Angie fail to show their personality outside of their two dimensional outlines, and two performers lose roles that require chemistry from a thin air. In fact, the real experimental performance and role of the film came from Romney Malco's criminal expertise, playing the door-man. <br /> <br /> Some of the times I have been laughed at the baby mama, most of these times belong to this person, the rest usually falling to the shepherd. <br /> <br /> It's the themes of its film script that have filmed the world and provided us with the camera, and director Michael McCullars is looking to make the right fit for the page. However, this film is not good about children, multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotypes. Baby Mama Grade A, hammy, plastic-tinned-town with topped capital bore with sugar. So I'm emotionally out of roles due to their two-dimensional nature, but I just did not care for the world they lived in. Conversations along with the general themes of sets, textiles, and script are painted in pastel blues and pinks, all the shades of humanity are lost in the director's endless necessities to consider the director's unreasonable fantasy; These characters are not and are not our world in any way? Why should I take care However, at the end of the day, the ultimate gauge of a romantic comedy victory or failure drops totally to its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laugh; Baby Mama is nothing short of these sections. The film should be treated unfairly without any value. I'm sure the female audience is on the same boat as the main character Ket's movements, but nobody is probably numb and perhaps bored. In this case, the baby mama escapes unsustainable, but it is not particularly valuable or valuable to those outside the immediate audience; <br /> <br /> Jamie Robert Ward (reviewed by http://www.invocus.net), a humorous dude and a romantic mismatch, Baby Mama is very entertaining and entertaining to be very interesting. )
