I saw the film at last week's Belgrade Film Festival, and I'm still working off the trauma. Especially my opinion seems to match with others - the first half hour is fresh, sharp, deep, fun and guaranteed. Well played. Natural. My problem is, however, not with the fact that the last hour of the film and a half is not at the beginning of the likelihood, or with the fact that I spent a lot of time convulsing in agony, industrial sounds are hating and drinking the throat in the drinking, toothless, bread-chewed bags. Unlike the fact that they never warn me! Festival Brochure Extraction is the first half hour (tell me that the wisdom, piano tuner and meat vendor are in a bar chat, an advertising agent, genetic engineer, and a small public administration officer, who will be out-of-date gum-smacking. It works, but you might say - but for my protection, I'm post-realistic Many of the reviews that have seen the film do not get overwhelming and hysterically. /> <br /> The first referral to the audience (a vicious, tous-haired Russian youth) who had previously visited the Cranked Auditorium (the film is very striking and ticketed) Though most people do not know, I am suffering from the coming pain, ch The theater was thoroughly judged by the thoroughly moth and groan judgments during the half hour rhythm and thank you very much for watching this film, and I say ... well, it's too long ... it took me four years to take it, and .. It is .. I suggest you try and forget about it immediately. It's too long. Thanks for being thankful. ' This is what he said. Alarm bells need to ring. 'What is he talking about?' I'm happy to be confused. 'It's fun!' True, I understand when his strange forgiveness comes, it's too late. Everything I can do to grow up the lights until the lights come again. I can not say that in the end I will improve in any way. Yes, I love the first half of the day. It's brilliant, new, and has a lot to say. Yes, Russia is in a bad state. Yes, every community has many hidden faces. Yes, the useless life in the barren lands is hardly unpredictable. Yes yes yes. I get all of this. I really do. But there is no global warming for art and meaning to endure, and to endure. Try Korean-Chinese Bin Zip (3-Iron) if you want to watch a movie somewhere between the glamorous Hollywood plastic fairy and muddy vodka skiing. It's artsy and surprising, but also-point and fun.
