Méel AT Mégée is one of the most interesting behind-the-scenes films. It was during Keaston's year of chairman's tenth comede, and his first two-relayer. Where he played a role in his final out and out villain roles (although the film-length TILLIE's Puccaory Romance is not yet coming), and it was also one of the last days of his director's work. In fact, Chaplin's controversy with director and co-star Mabel Narmand removed him from the studio. <br /> Chaplin did not get along with his previous directors, Henry Lehrmann and George Nichols, but his autobiography was the last grass to be taken from just a "girl". Charlie and Mabel argued sharply during the production of the film. Chaplin is still new to Keystone and he does not know what to do with his colleagues, but everyone likes Mabel. The producer McConnat was on the verge of firing Chaplin, who learned that he was caught on newer movies and exchanged and wanted more, thus promising Chaplin to direct himself to the film as Mabel wanted. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of that play appears on the screen at MEL AT MAIL, which looks like the typical Keystone chaos. The story Mabel's Beau (Harry McCoy) was decided to compete, but the evil Charlie and his followers kidnapped the young man, and Mabel should take the wheel in his place. For all the racing around, the brick hurling and the finger-bite is frankly small on the laughs, but there are some points of interest. There are some good cinematography and editions in the Race Sequence, but there are actually no tricks, just frantic activity. Chaplin himself wore an odd-like beard on his beard and wore top hat and fork coats wearing in his first film show, he spends a life, but that outfit is suitable for old-style villains that he plays throughout. At least it is the novel to see such an outstanding role. Keystone Stallarts, Chester Conclin, Edgar Kennedy's strangely dandieded setup, and much more featured in the race at the race track, McCennett, smoker and his usual mindless routine work. As a performer, Sennett is crazy about the films he has produced, but you must give him credit: he knows who he likes. These pictures are very popular in their day. Mac's performance adds much to MABEL, but he probably had to act in the film to make sure that his stars were not killing each other.
