After some Internet surfing, I found the "Home Front" series on DVD on ioffer.com. Before anyone was activated, the DVD set I received was an amateur shoot from home video tapes recorded by their TV 15 years ago. Clarity and quality are low. Images will appear as you expect to see the recorded video again. Although the commercials are edited, the end credits of each episode still have voice-over advertisements for Segway into the ABC News program "Natalon", complete with top news headlines from the early 1990s. With poor picture quality, the performances were watch-and sound quality was good. <br /> <br /> For credit to this presentation, casting is almost perfect. Everyone looked relentless and really part of it. Their performance is even higher than average. Jeff McCuff's role is played well by Kyle Chandler (recently appeared in King Kong's 2005 remake). Long dresses are very standard, especially in the 1940s with vintage accessories and decorative kitchens. That direction was also creative and varied for the TV show at that time. For example, conversations between characters are sometimes inter-cut with conversations on the same topic between other characters in different scenarios. The different dialogue dialog kept the fluid back and forth between the different characters and places. <br /> <br /> When I was 15 years old, I remembered why I lost my interest. Despite all the materials for fine performance, the plot and stories are disappointing and confusing from the beginning. For one thing, the display's name is totally misleading. When the WWII ended in 1945, there were no more fights, it was not "home front". Interestingly, the first episode of the "Homefront" show begins in 1945 after the war is over. It's like showing off the first episode of "Gilligan's Island". The whole mosque loses completely on the name of the display. I am hoping the rest of the series may be a last resort, but the entire show will be from 1946 to 1948. In addition, the series falls badly in an attempt to accurately illustrate any historical events in the late 1940s. . Through the third episode, the series is no more than a thinly capped vehicle for an ultra-left political agenda. Show Rio Run is located near Toledo in Ohio. Nevertheless, the show's ongoing racism background looks like Jackson's Mississippi than Ohio. Dick Williams, Hottie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr. The ensemble cast played by the Davis family. Most of the series is discriminatory, as the "whites" of Davis's family are critical and irrelevant when it is not ridiculous. The racist card played over 40 years in Hollywood. We get it. We're also tired of having our noses rub it in on a daily basis. The racist content is not even popular with the audience, and as it is for the "homefront", death is dead for any event. The acting talent of Williams, Winston, and Macker is wasted in their roles as a "frightened / angry black family". The widespread exaggeration racism in the series appears to be a member of KKK or something in Ohio. The racist issue may be addressed in a single episode with a simple punch in the nose or fist fight, where a bigt receives well-deserved thrashing and leave it. <br /> In another ludicrous plot, a large bass is played by a local factory (Ken Jenkins). An Ebenezer scout, such as pensions and rising character, and ignorant about acid dripping on his employees. Workers will be rebelled and driven to a promotional message to ignore the factory. <br /> <br /> Personally, I feel that this range is of great potential. Authors easily put the time line in 1941. The title refers to the title as the 1945 war and factories were created with hardships for 14 hours in racism and combat operations. Brothers, sons and husbands struggling with foreigners also included dramatics. This situation is also good when writing military or USO personnel training or traveling in their town while traveling to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good story lines and plot are endless. But, the homefront writers (David Oslle and James Grisson) have completely ignored any relevant or interesting plot. Instead, they totally lost the point and disappeared into a treacherous and absurd siege with racism and left politics. It is unfair to actors to condemn the whole series, but the plots and conditions they have kept are the worst.
