The film's bad review was not a bad thing - after all, critics had exchanged the film at the time of its release - it was one of the worst films of the decade! So I say bad or no one says it is bad. It's like someone talking about WWII - practically no one says a good thing, right? I can not answer the question and IMDb that I have, "why do they first do it?" After all, the film is terrible for anyone who does not seriously hurt the brain. However, ED (a baseball play chimp), COOL AS ICE (never vanilla ice), TROLL 2 (which does not have any trolls), Baby Genius (Superhero baby like Einstein) and Pinocchio in the Outer Space (Hu! No idea, despite how dumb it can make it big screen! So, the idea of ​​the best basketball player of time playing a genie with a bad little brat seems clear 'normal'! <br /> <br /> The film starts with children who bring reputation for lockers in a school in the hall. Like Punk from Free Willie, this kid is somewhat 'misunderstood' (in other words, the whole brat) and he's captured and terrible, at the end of the film, he'll learn something. Just once, I want to see a punk child in jail or eventually dead! Eventually, when neighborhood harassment was in the middle of him to crush him, Gene Kazam (Shakiel O'Neil) was accidentally released and Brat insisted that three wishes be given. But the kid does not believe him and the magic of Genie appears to be a Todd Rusty. <br /> Finally, Kajam realizes that he is real. However, unlike many children, he could not meet his wishes, at this time, Kazam followed his everywhere - his own personal servant. And, according to Cliche, you know that at the end of the film, Max and Kazam's lifetime buddies and tears are tears. Oh, and Max have terms with his absent father and mother's fiancé (I'm funny joking). <br /> <br /> For kajam, Shakeel speaks through most of the film and takes a break to rap ... very little. I'm a middle-aged white guy and I think maybe I'm at least rap! He is a fantastic basketball player and I've heard him a nice guy - but a rapper ... how! As long as he did not act, he was not great but had a good personality in a very difficult movie to hate him - they made him very stupid. This film is painful as you probably have heard. By the first two-thirds of the film, I have to say no. Shockwill seemed his best effort with an improbable kid and bad script. However, in the next film, the evil becomes awful - he is very worried to help the kajam kid when he really needs it. And, out of nowhere, the plot gets really weird - Kazaam is a rapper (?!?!) Is a bad thug who wants to be! And, unusually, this guy seems to have conceded a gene without any kind of contraction! <br /> In addition, there are people trying to kill Max and his father in the end of the film. I know that the kid is annoying, but it is thought to be a child's film! Do writers understand the 'part of trying to kill children'? Then, at the end this will probably end the film of the worst children, Kazaam becomes God or something and it's all like a drug-induced illusion! This finish is dumber and weirder than one in the black hole ... and the boy, it does not hurt my brain !! Uggghh - terrible dialog just can not bear too much !!! <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a very horrible movie. Yes, folks, a messy message, a strange kid and a friendly subject and horrible characters, this is a wretched movie. Unfortunately, the idea given by the actors and the actors is hard to imagine that the final product is much worse! <br /> <br /> If you want to see Genie in the modern world film, designed for the British TV movie "Bernard and the Genie" - from the beginning to finish a beautiful and spectacularly well written film.
