This 1996 film I saw Jane Eyre's first adaptation and when I saw it, I scared it. The majority of the novel was left and I thought William was seriously mistaken as Rochester. From then on, I saw all the other notable changes of the novel, the three minor versions of '44, '70 and '97, and three smaller ranks of '73, '83 and 2006 and the worst simulations <br /> <br /> In the case of cinematography There is no doubt that Jane Eyre is very sensitive. Rochester's solitary ice from the sky in a winter, and the beautiful long shots of Jane's outdoors are directed by Franco Gerefrey Rawls - but telling the story and bringing characters to life is very low. In addition, his script leaves only several important sequences and scratches the surface of the novel. Consequently, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and sadly it does not have a humorous piece of their intercourse. There are many small conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of which is beautifully displayed, but the couple they exchange are not enough to attract the audience to each other. We know that they fell in love, but it is never really seen. The Climax novel is reduced to four sentences - a scene where the Rochester wants Jane's response to his chaos, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - by putting his case in the pretense of the wounded Mason. Altering their own poor works for Brontë's marvelous lines did not make Geriffrelli misleading, crucial scenes were completely changed and rewritten, but he plays a less offensive role, but ultimately the most important scenes. <br /> <br /> The cast mixed bag: Fiona Shaw is an incredible Mrs Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more ill-looking, loneliness than a lonely little girl, waiting for love. Always a loyal zone Plowwrite is the most fond of Mrs Fairfax, but Billy White does not want to play the village witch instead of the plain-looking, hard-working Grace Poole. Charlotte Geesborg as a grown-up heroine, however, is a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre physically. 18, comes in close to my intuition of Jane than any other actress in her character, with rare and strong qualities, about every bit of thin and weak. And during her first 15 minutes of screen time I was enchanted by her performance. Gainsborgh is well-suited to an audience at the underlying fire and strong will behind the audience mask. But unfortunately the script never lets jane's character become more passionate and lively side of the character. Because many scenes and dialogues are very low, Jensen's portrayal of Zen must be incomplete and eventually unsatisfactory. This is a good song, Charlie Geysborg's '83 version might seem like Jane as Jayla Clark. <br /> <br /> In spite of Ginseng's attempt to play Jane, Rochester does not have any role in the role played by William Hurt. Hurt, which proved to be a good actor in many good films, was aware that he was physically and kind-conscious, so he could not play the role of the novel's Rochester. His sleek, well-courageous roommate, along with elegant and blue eyes, shy and silent, is slightly queer and unusual, but especially good-natured and light. He is completely ridiculous so far from the humorous, moody and horrifying lines that represent the characteristics of his character's sound. Additionally, in the period of the film, the facial expressions of Hurt strangely stop him from struggling against the intense attacks of sleep sickness. Specifically in the scene of the proposal he is rarely able to keep his terrible and his eyes open like a patient he met from an ordinary anesthetic. If you compare his Rochester to a strong-willful and lovely leader, just as the power and nature breaks, many viewers are in desperate frustration. Still, he blamed me less than the Rochester in the '70s, '97, 2006 versions, and I typically ranked Jane Eyre more than these three. George C. Scott, Sirean Hinds and Toby Stephens felt that others were considered, but were furiously disappointed to recognize that the novel was not Rochester. Rochester plays a role other than Rochester. And I do not invent new ones than a version that uses modern conversations which sound like a Jane Eyre movie which leaves many lines out of a novel but they can utter a today's couple in a Starbucks cafe. In fact this is Jane Eyre's failure, but at least it is an involuntary one, which is more than one '97 and 2006 simulations. I will not refrain from seeing this adaptation: You can not see Jane Eyre, but you'll find at least a beautifully made movie.
