... and thus you can look through advertisements in different ways. First of all, it's a mess because of all the gruesome and very violent sequences. Your horror fiction does not come close to certain scenes shown here. The whole episode of the film is just plain ill, frustrating, offensive, cruel and closer to your bats. Now, I love horror movies and I am a lot of 'positive violence', but I think it's way somewhere !! Much more to ask? Fear cradle is just a series of unhealthy and twisted thoughts. The "Motion Picture" has four distinct chapters that are connected with a rounded story. Furthermore, victims of violence, murder and ill health are commonly found to be victims. There is not much information, you ask me. And yet - it has to be said - the idea of ​​the basic plot is necessarily the probability. It was about a cannibalist hypnotist who had a deal with the devil to take revenge on himself and to grief and death for everyone who participated in his trial. Personally, I thought it was an interesting topic, so they looked a little more than they wanted to make a lot of weird images. </ P> <p> Second, this image is a whole product mess. They do not have a lot of budget and they spent everything with fake blood and guts ... tons of it !! Acting performances are a joke and some of the worst I have ever seen. Other special effects, except for make-up (such as that attempt in a real car accident) are very exciting. <br /> <br /> There is no tension or atmosphere to recognize anywhere. Not even trying to build one. <br /> <br /> Fear hood is a failure and a chance to lose a chance to say the least. The death-metal icon Danny Phill has a presence (from the band cradle to cross the link), and the film is intended only for the eyes of the twisted twinkling of the controversial. Troubled girls and boys who are happier in worrying their parents by looking at the rubbish like this. And then people complain that suicide and juvenile restrictions are rising ... Bahu. I can imagine that this film can cause a lot of damage when you are easily affected or disfigured by unstable minds. For each self-respecting horror fan, the film is an insult.
