When I said that I reviewed films as a hobby, the first thing to say is "what do you think about such a film and such a film?" Here are some problems. First, I have a chance that I do not see, so my fame will ruin. Secondly, I can not make the film worse for the question. Finally, I can see the DVDs that make my point of view. In this way, I'm sitting in front of "Convent", which is a sort of movie that completely ignores the option but can not be avoided here. This apparently horrific "horror" is like a box of cat. <br /> <br /> After conventionally dressed, "convent" focuses on a group of American high school students on a journey. An abandoned convent in a stoned mission, sprung and spooked slightly. But do you expect what will happen? A group of monks of cannibalist artists emerged from the cobwebs that go ahead with each other in the classic horror film tradition. Which of them can survive and, more importantly, do you get good things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The "stem" income is the only thing that has been separated from the whole time, but the finger is taken seriously, except for the bizarre Camino's bizarre camo that no one is really unlucky. The fact that the day-glow paint jobs that appear when you become a zombie chipmunk sounds for no reason - the cheerleader who makes no sense - but it's just too frightening that's exactly frightening what you really kill as a horror. The fact that you can instantly tell is someone who jumped out and was killed. But even if they're trying to, I doubt that I'll still work - the really demonstrated demonic nuns of the originally made appearance of the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" TV show are not really scary. The worst thing about this film is that over 10% of the voters gave this maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny but I did not divide it on my sides. To be honest, I have more pleasure in a dentist. <br /> <br /> "Convent" is not really a horror movie. It's more of a comedy horror like "Scary Movie" or "Dead of the Dead" but with it you're laughing. I can not recommend this to anyone except the honest cast and family of the staff but then, I suspect they'd much enjoy it. I can not enjoy the "good looks" style - if I feel personally and the filmmakers do not bother to save a turkey, the gut I'm trying to see does not stop. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they should really go home and have something more constructive done. A Rubik's Cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - the price reduced by £ 4.99 and £ 3. But £ 1 is sold out and you have to say everything you need to know about this sexy, cheap, awkward bad movie. Sorry if you like it but the "convent" is really the worst pile.
