And I'll repeat it, please do not watch this movie! It's more than review. This is a warning. It set a record for the worst and most effortless comedy ever. Today, most of the recent comics, although the costumes are crude and read, writers and directors have been at least reluctant to work. I'm never tired of repeating one of my favorite Mottos: I think everyone can do comedy and only 10 percent of them are correct. Humor is hard! This is not about any kind of fool. I think it's worse for film producers to compare this bad piece to "Kenton Fried Movie". Generally, these bozos are comparing their so-called comic talents with that of clever Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers. Come On, I watched the Polly Shore films, which is ten times more ridiculous than the "Underground Comedy Movie". Here is a sample of comedy for those who are interested in this film: A sketch D ** is a superhero dressed as a penis. The whole joke is that he defeats by squirting them with a semen of his enemies. That's it. It's a whole joke. Wow. This carat top roll is enough to make his eyes. Another sketch is a sexually explicit person with a sexually explicit person. And in another sketch, there is a bag lady beauty contest, in which we get the beer and reveal the terrible scenes of bikini-wearing middle-aged women with stretch marks. Plus, fun for the homeless is more fun than fun. It is a step without mocking mental health disability. The whole movie is considered a satire. I forgot that filmmakers are the key to irony ... true! For someone who has really experienced this worst, explain to me what honestly about this gagging thing! Sketches have sounded funny on some paper, but if anyone who has taken screen writing classes has a lot of fun on a piece of paper, it probably will not be funny on the screen. If I told someone about a big, black, muscular gay girl, he would save him for the right person, he or she probably laughs. But the full drag to look at the premise that was screened on the screen for 10 minutes. How much did I hate when criticizing this low-brow comedy because people are not funny, they are strongly considered squares. I recently saw "white chicks". Another low-brow, politically incorrect comedy, but I just laughed off my head. The most offensive thing about "Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! What do writers and directors do not understand is just a dirty and uninteresting work. There must be more! Just think about the famous scene from "Mary About Mary" (Ironically, the film producers of the Bajo made Farlarlis in their special thanksgiving list). The joke is not just funny about sperm because it involved in physical fluid. There is an arrangement. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to ensure he did not go out on a date with "load gun." Then he looked around to see when all the seeds went out after he was released. The batter is on the door, and he has to answer it. His date, Mary, is at the door and it's news that Sense is revealed to be hanging off Ben's ear. In this movie, many gossip characters have a weight of weights in individuals, without any growth. As Jay Leno ever says, "This comedy thing is not so easy, is it?" Remember, Vince Offer, 'You can not be cut for this kind! The only reason people may smile at these gags because they feel hip. Let's face it, now it's hip to anything laughing politically wrong. I know that comedy is a subjective ... But this film should not be funny to anyone except filmmakers. As a side note, the film "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile" have to be done before Michael Clarke Duncan fame. There is no reason why there is no reason why his talented actor will take part in this amateur freak show. The rest of the cast are non-others, actors or B-film stars. Karen Black has brought a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she has done anything since then. Slash in this movie is probably Drugs. There is nothing without Gina Lee Nalin "Baywatch". Anjinny's biggest star (not so well known during the Duncan), and perhaps a ton of people without hesitation - is still on good reason. Generally, I'm supporting low-budget flaccings, but this person deserves to dive into the dark. I hope this Lord is not a cult classic! Is there a law against such a waste distribution?
