I once again saw a film created by unknown people. I recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I see Dillinger and I have that. <br /> <br /> The movie is the worst. I do not know anyone in their right mind could compare with the classics like Bonnie and Clyde. The film is far from classic. Someone thinks it's brilliant. It's a mad thing to say. This film can not get any truths directly and is the worst cast I have ever seen. I do not know whose mute idea is to play Warren Oats as John Dillinger. The first of all is not like him. Second, John Dillinger was 31 when he died. Oates when he was 45 years old! You can also tell him that he is older than the real delinker by watching him. <br /> They showed Baby Face Nelson Dye, then Homer van Meter, and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was both killed before. These three were the last baby Phase Nelson to die. The authors do not know when they die, but they do not even know who they are. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after he escaped a cloth from Little Bohemia. Homer van meter was shot dead by farmers with shotguns. Homer van Meter was caught by police in St. Paul and guns down with machine guns. Another member of Dillinger's gang, Harry Pierpont, was shot by police in the film. Pierpont has not been burned. Harry Pierpont was captured and died in an electric chair. I'm going to go back to what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my Baby Face Nelson review. Let me also say that Richard Dreyfuss' Baby Face Nelson plays the role. Where he receives a bad beating in an attempt to dillinger. When Dillinger smashed him, he looked like a baby and shouted, "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger have always fought. Although Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's bank robbery methods, they never battled. Nelson never cried like a little girl when it hit. They call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never in his life for that name. Nelson's real name was changed to Leicester Gillis and his name George Nelson. Herbert Youngblood, a black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger, but in the film he was named Reid Youngblood. John Milius does not know anything. Why did John Millius get his information? <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed the way to John Dillinger's die is not that bad and should not be justified. Dylinger leaves the movie with the Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billy Frechett. By the way, Billy Frechette was not there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton. Melvin Purwes, 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulls out his gun and flees to hell. This is the fact that the gun does not have that night. The FBI did not allow him to surrender, and they kept him away as soon as he was in sight. They did not even shoot him. They found dry blasts on his face. It is murder. They also say that the dead person was not John Dillinger. After killing tons of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can the FBI report that they killed another innocent unarmed man? The gun demonstrated that they were on dillinger had proven to have not been prepared since Dillinger's death. The guy I killed was not John Dillinger, but here I stop. If you want to know more, check it here <br /> <br /> If you like Laurence Taurni see the Dillinger version, but do not waste your time with this inappropriate garbage image.
