What about Dwaram's childhood? - Double hernia operation that seems to have removed his invasion with the internal function of the human body? What about "the eternal land"? - The game, which he invented as a skewed child by the stick men when they come to each other, indicates that intimacy is the ultimate threat. What are the emotional issues of his mother, who is more important than his relations with his parents and his relationships with his father? What was his negligent feeling when his brother was born? What is the attraction of insects and animals? How can he leave the road behind the back of his house and how to hang it? What about focusing more on his cannibalism? And about his parents' divorce? There are all the items included in this image. Instead the filmmaker chose to give us a 'snapshot' with a water from one night or two in his life and combined it with confusing and other unnecessary flashbacks, especially those that are not related to our understanding of Dummer. How did he show interest in things? Although he did this several times, especially when he was giving drugs to his victims, he had sex with them (actually not a nightclub in a health club). <br /> <br /> I appreciate only a lot of information you can cram in 90 minutes (or longer), but why is it that a bigger picture of his relationship with Louis Pinet? (Known as Rodney in the film). The director tried to make us try to be afraid or suspect with him, but this film is about Jeffrey Dhammer, so why was he not forty-five minutes? The scene and their relationship are important enough to guarantee that such time is enough, but it is not. The first part of the scene where he killed Steven Hicks in Geoffrey Dahmer's story is that it is the first killing and the impact of his life's killing. Unfortunately this film does not describe his first murders or that he has not been killed for nine years. We suppose, his hair style is different, and he's wearing glasses that this past is, but when? And why? <br /> What about the temple that was made in his sitting room in the end of his career? - We have important evidence in understanding Dummer and his inspirations. Some people may actually find my need for accuracy in a bit, but for a deeper study of Geoffrey Dahmer, this film is very plain for the man and his committed crimes. <br /> <br /> Finally, why the film that has been controversially controversial on this subject, ultimately why not bother to get the film based on Geoffrey Dahmer rather than the real problems that led to the madness? Should have a 18 certificate, not 15. We need to understand his distinction more deeply and understand how different it is from his remaining parts. It does not actually mean that the Canaraak Synthosmom's head is on the head, but he has the least number of people killed and his Modus operation is actually killed. Even though Dammmer's story is unknown, anyone watching this film is thinking that he killed only a few. In fact, he killed fifteen people. <br /> <br /> With the lack of facts and depth, the film is not all bad. There are some nice cinematography, and good performances from the two main characters. I would like to see more of this film, more energy, and a good film producer who will be the first to shoot in the first place.
