Skullduggery is a strange, weird film based on the novel "Ye Shal No Do" by Versace. The neglect of the criticism of the film is really unpleasant because it has a serious theme like humanity, and a steep moral standard and a request for patience. But despite its respectable intentions and its well-understood tone, Skullduggery is not just a very good movie. For me, the main problem is not how good it is to tell its message, it's a terrible chaotic explanation. The first half of the film is similar to looking at Tarzan Ilk's classic forest adventure movie; Later it sponsors the science fiction story; Eventually it fell into court plays. The differences between the middle tone of each section are very great, very jarring, to monitor. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the forests of New Guinea is headed by adventurer Douglass Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archaeologists involved in the picnic is the attractive woman scientist Dr. Cybill Graham (Susan Clark). After a tough trek they fall on the tribe of strange monkeys. These primitive, long-lost people are covered with hair and are left centuries without touching or influencing the consequences of modern man. Are there some clues that may be the ancestors of the early man? "Missing link" in the evolution of monkeys in humans. Or perhaps the human race that looks and behaves quite different from the usual? Or animal species that started to develop human traits? The archaeologist called the tribe "trophy" and initially surprised by the influence of their innovations. Nasty opportunist Vanquurisen (Paul Habschmid) takes things devastating when declaring his intention to exploit the team and exploit their feelings. Asked if the troop was really "human" and questioned he was carrying his arguments to court, where he intended to grant his legal support so he could continue his own greedy goals. <br /> <br /> It's a very early film in Reynolds career, and he's actually acting in comedy and he gets mismatched, but the rest of the cast takes it very seriously. Did not Reynolds complain? He had an impossible role and asked Tarzan to really play a cute adventurer. His character and film are not exactly the same for each other. Clarke is an inexpensive woman archeologist, and has good supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfried Hyde-White. A large crunch in Skullduggery is made of lip and inefficient that Tropi used to give their strange hairy appearance. The actors do not look like the hominides of the believer, but the deferred hair just makes you look joking. And this is not just the right idea. We wanted to have great sympathy for these creatures, but they are very confident that they are very difficult. Schuldolli is a failed attempt to tell a story that can be serious, philosophical and motivating. Honorable intentions can be seen all over, but the ultimate outcome does not do justice to them. A worthless failure may be a failure but it may be a failure.
