<br /> <br /> In the "Courageous" I use the term "inspiration" - the Street Theater Act, from the Czech Republic, two student filmmakers Wit Klausack and Philip Remunda have removed a major corporate duplication to be based on their films: they deliberately fraudulently "Hypermarket" (Costco or Eastern European equivalent of Wal-Mart Super Store), Billboor Crisis, radio and TV spots, an official logo, a catchy theme song and filled with photos of fake goods - their "daplu" to the extent that their creation is waiting to see the show. On the opening day. <br /> The temporary facade was built to convince people that this store actually existed. <br /> "Why is that like?" Well, this is a very good question, but it is not a satisfactory answer to the filmmakers. In fact, the purpose of the stunt is to show people how easy it is to be - it's also not true - just through advertising power. And film producers run for moral cover with "real" (ie higher) intention to convince the Czech people not to come for all the promotions that encourage the European Union to join. Adequate fair - the original advertisers who agree to go with stunt demands against the immoral nature of consumers, especially what they say is a form of "research" and do nothing in advertising and advertising work by defending their collaboration in fraud. Thus, as the comments in the camera, this statement is a lot of money for filmmakers and men, and they are poor unsuspecting people who are the main target of misuse. However, in many ways, the sarcastic arrow does not touch its intended target, and turns it back on filmmakers. This is the folks that make them perfectly good people, some of them older and disabled, and long-term traveling, and ultimately immoral and unclassified individuals are not people who are conscientious and naturally trusted to go there. Which is it to prove anything? People are "greedy" because they're going to open a new supermarket looking for bargains? Or do they doubt that they're stupid and gullible because they're a campaign but not a realistic market? <br /> <br /> This smart-alike is worse, the nasty little "stunt" is that any kind of knowledge is needed for inefficiency. The filmmakers are entirely making some really nice people feel like idiots. Moreover, when many of them finally discovered a trick on them, I responded with a beautiful and good humor, and I was able to find their place. <br /> <br /> "We can not tell you that their homes, we are ashamed of them.
