When I saw the film, I heard all the hype, and I heard Dengel deserves the Oscars opposite his Golden Globe and I believe I've done a great job to say that Kevin Spacey is amazing. I made a mistake. People say that this is not the African American community's anger (if they are not African Americans). I always hear complaints about how African Americans have been nominated and how they won. Sometimes it's not true (not many days) since Wopip Goldberg won the Best Actress for The Color Purple, the film received the best picture. Because many people are watching movies for African Americans (* SEMI-SPOILER *) during racist times, the film is the only cause of the movie and they automatically recognize it as a masterpiece. Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor, but his role in the film does not influence me. I was bored with him in this movie, where his performance is very similar to his role in Malcolm X but not good. The audience believes this guy, Rubin Carter, a saint. People worshiped this hero with the idols worshiping this man, and they went out and praised his book and became a great man. <br /> * Spoilers * He does not adhere to most of his prison sentence, primarily for crimes committed by the film. In fact his crimes (mostly stealing) are only for survival and more. Drug dealers and thieves looked in society even though they were all for the same reasons. Everything in the film tries to portray him as a wife when he meets his wife (excluding his wife and his aggression when he meets his wife) but why he is not-all in that sense. I do not like movies based on "real" stories (specifically Hollywood explanations) because they are not so true as they are usually "real" parts differently. It is related to his view and Hollywood architecture, although it is undoubtedly believed that everyone is the truth. Well I researched a bit of his past before making any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. Moreover, he is likely to kill those people. If you do not believe me, look for him on the Internet, and read some articles that have him. He claimed that he won easily in the boxing competition, in fact his rival Joi Ziarde won and had tapes to prove it. In addition, there are many distorted and intentionally abandoned facts in the film. The supporting cast was very good people I saw on the face of the earth and looked hard to maintain their "good and perfect" personality. <br /> <br /> The film is yet another unfortunate fact that the Hollywood version is still telling the truth. Denzel's performance is old, and the Mickey Mouse attitudes of supporting actors are harassing. The picture is very slow and boring.
