I wrote a lot of stories about the "Midnight Meat Train" based on a short story written less than Clive Barker and the best adaptation of his work after the original "Hellysire" directed by herself. I am expressing a lot of mixed feelings about my viewing experience. Just the word to summarize in total word: listen! Violence is painful and intense, which undoubtedly attracts the young horror lovers of fans, but it is also indescribably free and robbery. Simply put, I have a very violent torture, but it has some kind of purpose. Butcher ?? Literally ?? Filmed in "Midnight Meat Train" is not entirely effective because of the use of shock and weak nerve systems to repel audiences and keep them easily stomach and use of digital computer effects. There are so many flaws, meaning some bigger than Gore, but perhaps I should focus on the good stuff first. The basic concept is definitely better and multiple sequences (such as the chase in the freezer room) are literally literally with nail-biting suspense and horror weather. Unfortunately the pace is very uneven and the ability to elaborate an amazing plot is unnecessary. It is suspicious to process a short story in a long movie scenario, but I feel honest if they can do more with the role played by Vinnie Jones. The plan introduced Leon as an amateur photographer in New York, whose agent searches for the city's real terrible face with bad images. Lyon will be obsessed with the stuttering the butcher that behaves in an introvert and suspiciously then midnight train. Butcher with a big hammer in Butcher suggests that Leon's right is literally a relentless serial killer, but something of the killer's motivations and behavior going to take a lot of night. The "Midnight Meat Train" also includes subway stations and animals such as drunken loads of drugs, and even better acting performances and torture (such as cadavers, such as blood-carved ride carriages in truck carriages). But director Reuehe Kimuruma ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not fully benefit. Even though the end is very much like Clive Barker has this, I still think we deserve a little more clarity end, answer a lot of questions and leave the whole. "Midnight Meat Train" is somewhat intriguing and perfectly pursuing film, but without default. It is not intended to be easily intimidated audience, but people who are looking for plot intelligence and clarity should probably leave it.
