I do not know why, but before I saw this film. Maybe it's name, perhaps post poster, I do not know. Anyway, it's fine in the beginning. And there are some bright moments throughout the entire feature. Maybe I'm not a huge fan of horror, and I do not have to watch a lot of them, but this one actually looks fresh sometimes. But the rest are not so good. It is fun at times. The picture is slow, sometimes you get frustrated, what do you forget about the story. Characters are not great either. All of them. Butcher is OK, creepy and seems silly enough. I could not see the undesirable things on his chest (the whole scene appeared like a fake and kind of outside) and why the characters in the house were collected? Main main plain. His character is really hard to believe, and is very undeveloped. But I guess that the scenes are wrong. Why did he cry when he was taking pictures of his girlfriend? Side cast is too bad. But the main thing that I hated in this movie is the girl. My God, what kind of brains do women in horror films ever? Its ridiculous. The girl finds a maniac took her camera to the camera, the police tries to go, that fails, and then thinks of her the best idea. Why do not we go? I know where lives are mine! Oops! It beats! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? Then walk in the room and see a bag that is not there, and just have a look inside. Maybe camera? Not there. But loads of interesting things. Shiny. Mmmm. To realize that bag, Butcher came back to her small little brain. Then the course never ended "when running down" trick, it seemed really bad. Furthermore, at the end of the film, the final nail for the role, she is filled with thousands of dead bodies, she screams nokia, she removes her gucci bag and runs more in the wagon. .. Geez. Come on. Nobody thinks it's just, well, stupid? Just awful. Although her role is not too bad, perhaps this movie will get another star or two from me. And I can forgive MMT characters with a steel hammer that can protect it from bullets (a conductor dies as a dead man) and with butcher outfits hit on the head. There were no hundreds of city wounded (jurisprudence in jail), and nobody cared for the Clive Barker's novel, even though the main secret was not on the road.) He died out of his tongue (he just noticed that I guess). Oh, and the predictable end. Damn, I know it's half way, its just disappointing. The only reason I am still giving some credit to the makers is, the better the film than the horror I've seen in the past few months. Visual style is nice, some shots are really nice and there are good CGI who make murders look really cruel. (Though blood does not appear to be true) I think some people will enjoy me, some people like me and if they do not see it, it hates some people.
