The good news for republicanism is that if you ever want to see, "Mayerling" is a daily story of royal folklore in the nineteenth century Austria. Crown Prince Franz Joseph James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr. Amar Gardiner) Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, extremist-uniform popins, gypsies, one of the most intrinsic internal crises of Europe. , Dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, guerra The bizarre inbridged web of the European monarchy during the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Franz Josef. Old movie posters have been filmed in the film called "Color A Riot", which is nothing more than a luxury-worn, intellectually-challenged product of "The Student Prince." Most James White Mason, who uses the James Mason, recalls his memoir Mitchell-European voice. I am a great admirer of him and I expect the distant feeling that he clearly understood the role of the character. Omar Sharif, a stupefiffy, gives his son a crown prince in a stupefiffous manner as he is looking at directly with his big-wheat eyes camera and self-confident. A cut is a short cut by the section of the Austrian elite who is totally unbelievable as the figure in the film. His well-cut locks strongly in the position he preens and more likely poses in uniforms. A rebellion he speaks but clearly, Walkal is not exactly the bottom button on one of his evils, until his morality goes away. Unfortunately, he usually falls in love with a marriage. "Forbidden Love" is one of the instrumentalities of the film. She is a very unusual Miss Catherine Deneau who rarely takes cover there. Miss Denneau has a profile to die and is particularly difficult in scenes in the ballot. Now I love ballet the next man, but this sequence goes for a long time, a more cynical critic can be considered "padding". Rudolf's mother, played by Miss Ava Gardner in the Empress. She gives some good old American oooomph, making her a bit like "Auntie Mame", but it works with the real style. Rudolf is very fond of his mother - not much stronger than that. Sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales - Sir James Robertson's only functioning of Justice as Sir Lancelot Sprott. He is so happy to see it around. It's unconcerned about everything that's going on around him. I'm waiting in vain for Rudolf to ask for the immortal question "What's the Bleeding Time?". I am not eligible to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but, in my opinion, it is dangerous for someone else. It is a rutantian opera buffa without tunes to send you home from theater whiskers.
