Which same Kim Ki Duck, directed by a sharp, life-witness testimonial of "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duck who visited the sensitive, almost silent, heart beat desire of "3 Iron"? "Coast Guard" in the "Samaritan Girl" who is agitating us about the sickness of nonchalant young adulteration before returning to his almost patented nature motif to feel the same Kim to Duk and all of us (characters and audiences identical) dazzled with inconsistent tragedy? <br /> Oh, sure, Kim's nature is still a motif. This film is completely surrounded by mountains and takes place on fishing floats that live quietly on the surface of the lake waters. Yes, it's all right, duck Kim. Kim DVD's special features are also described as "beautiful" in an interview. <br /> <br /> Foolish, fraudulent, violent and intellectual fisherman, an unfortunate mute merchant about an intriguing, intelligent person, is a pace that swings between animal violence, self-harm scenarios and the best carnanity and mindless cruelty ? These are the only elements of humanity in the absolutely messy and ultimate nonsense movie. If it is based on a story or a paradigm intended to be a symbol of something or something more, the critic is not familiar with the origin. This is good compared to Japanese director Takashi Mike (most of Kim's satisfaction) compared to "Audition", but some awesome good performances, the main characters Seyo Jung and Kim Yu Suk, are just a reason to recommend this film. I did not see "audition" but doubted that I would change my opinion as "isle". Its violence is obscene and cynical. Its sex is not romantic, but passionately and masochistic. The characters act with impulsive motivation because there is no plot. <br /> <br /> I missed out on the failed Korean cultural abilities that I failed to understand. <br /> <br /> Classic Kim It's all in Cinematography: Foggy-encased boats are slowly a peaceful lake, imaginative and playful use of mountain landscape and color dominated in the background. Sometimes it looks like viewers are locked in a big Kim Duck Rome room. Some touches are witty, such as the mysterious and seductive mute trader who used the junk and pleasant odd utility of motorbikes. But as an image, this effort is clearly confusing and, ultimately, the feelings are not necessarily dangerous. Kim thinks that he will abandon the production of this kind of film in the past, because we know he has a lot of potential.
