Forgive this for a movie I remember hearing about "Gigli" is great, Ben and Zen Flip this summer before. "The Order" was apparently edited to an involuntary degree, instead of creating a cohesive and motivating feature, the scenes seemed to be a collection of disconnected sequences as it brought forward any similarity to a unified plot. Now, I'm a Heath Ledger fan ("10 Things I Hate About Me", "A Nights Tale" and his helper role in "Monsters Ball"), but my person needs to find a good agent. <br /> <br /> Keep accepting scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he will quickly track the movie Oblivion. First, the director tried to make the inefficiencies of his required plot, even if he had nothing but two other plots, if anything was very good, and much less. The American trying to take over the Vatican and the Dark Pops, the viewer knows nothing about the main characters, the least interesting. The efforts to make these threads are better. Secondly, insertion of audience intelligence should not be inserted into apparently obligatory film scenes. We made curiosity, productive love and most idiot sex, which looked like a page of "Matrix Reloaded" with skull-touchless techno music. With the development of the character, these items seemed to be as cheap devices, popcorn-chewing half-anticipated effort in adolescence. Third, and most importantly, the film has a witty feeling. We have the scandal, have religion and we have supernatural powers at the game. Can not we ever learn about anyone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but he gave a passion of priesthood to sleep with a woman two days later, a woman who had previously tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point. <br /> <br /> If you're going to see a film this year, make sure that the clich is going on these days. It is. There are approximately ten interesting minutes in 101 minutes tolerable. <br /> When I was disappointed. Extract this rigid-long probability but cut it on compilation and bad direction. Heath is my human being, go back to the Kamos like the ball of the monster. They really fit you.
