Blazing zeppelins falling on the jet lane base of 'Sky Captain' have the metaphor to really explain how much the film is. First of all, let's get the bat there, and I doubtless that Paramount can get any money back anytime from this movie. A worship may be it, but it's pretty awesome for what failed to achieve. Now I can see the studio pitch. "Combine the 1920s German expression and a 1940's globetrotting adventure with a modern action movie and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, it's not a success!" There are very fake explosions, very incredible dogfight scenes, and there are very few actual moments where the characters are anything but pinfly two dimensional. After all, why not shock and awe with a floating plane when you have three or five, or hundreds? Moreover, the sensational film, which combines computer-generated images and human actors into a stylized and witty background, fails in the small part because it can not meet the most important requirement of any film using CGI. Quite simply, the graphics are amazingly poor. From the car movement to the physics of aircraft in the dogfights, everything is just a short distance. I'm not in any way here, no-pixie. The baby may notice that a car is not slow on the road like a maglev train (except for its Mercedes S500). And you are protesting your voices, saying, 'This is a stylized film, it does not need to be reality,' let me tell you this. The Lord of the Rings standardized to integrate real-life actors with CGI, the Starship Troopers authenticated for conflicting science fiction films, the Rocketer reintroduced in the 1920s back to the Hollywood films list, and Tim Burton's Batman is a unique feature of New York City / Gotham Created, it is still recurring Ndi. Sky Captain is very short of all these pictures, and it's hard to tell me about them in the same sentence. Plus, acting is very weak, it is ill for me. So there you are. I spend $ 9 to see this movie and get my review. I hope you all have failed so since doing the same mistake I made.
