This movie is a true violence festival. Its first mistake is to suppress nuclear energy, so it's just a 'bad thing' to persuade the audience. When it ceased to stand in its argument, the participants offered only real facts without breathing; All who are missing are "kids are going to think of anyone!" Is crying. Loudites than people with no understanding of the advantages and losses of the film 'general folks' nuclear power are backed up by any loyal sources, and "thank you", or "Maybe I'm thinking" As more of the film's makers might be wrong, but equally too, it is the rock's stellar film <br /> <br /> For performers ........... I am sure that some of these people are very respectable musicians, and I'm sure some of them really believe this reason. But old hippies are searching for something that they all have gone past 60 years ago, especially insulting Graham Nash and James Taylor. As it happened it looks like we're trying to be very difficult - things he was saying he did not believe (I can not blame him), but failed to notice and feel included. James Taylor ever wimpiest protest "song", "Stand and Fight", you can imagine that most sickeningly happy. In fact, the performances are pretty good when it is very effective. No one is working through this event, it really does not mean them. The driving force behind the whole incident is the John Hall of Orlans, and the liability for the most lenient MOR's of the 70s. (If you dare, remember "Dawn with Don" and "Still the One"). Because this stimulates any genuine interest in music for any reason. The reason is death or death, but everyone sleepwalks through their numbers as they are playing on the catskills. Except for Gill-Scott Haron perhaps - his protest was no less than the topic "We Almost Detroit Lost", but how he was 'controversial' about how he delivered it with all self-esteem of high school. <br /> <br /> Bruce Springsteen's performance increases just the nerve; I'm never a big fan of bass, but he's not sure. Some part of me thinks he's different from another scenario and thinks he's edited in the film to wake up the audience. <br /> <br /> Here, Bruce has been praised as a defender of rock and roll compared to the common manners and the air of self-satisfaction. <br /> <br /> But his performance has been haled by lifeless concert shooting. I do not expect much sleek camera movement from the 70s, but the shots are unnecessarily stable, break-up of the singer's tonsils by split-second cutts. Now, some of these may be because the performers started to die; And filmmakers are more talented than concert footage - but looking at everything you need to do is look at the movie "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz". And with exciting musicians. There are only two things to watch this film: Springsteen is a sneak snapshot of Stellar's performance and negative culture in recession.
