The weakest Australian consent for the film is the Pavlov Dog experiment in horror movies. Do you recall this famous "conditioned reflex" experiment from your school books? The Russian scientist Pavlov's dogs actually preferred to shovel dogs before entering the mouth and proven by repeated recurrences that stimulate animal reactions. Pavlov died hours before the food was sent to the hour, shortly afterwards, he was eager and excited and started listening to the sound for the hour. Hell is a sleazy and low-budget Aussie slasher film What is this total boring description in general, I hear you think? Well, the maniacal killer's performance in "Nightmares" is the perfect variation in Pavlov's experimentation. Each murderer breaks up a crude sound and a window of the killer, because insisting that he / she use a sharp piece of cutting victims. So it means, after a while, bored and frustrated viewers will be disappointed and watch the sound of the shaking glass again and again. That way they still do not miss what's special! <br /> <br /> I'm very brief about the quality of "Nightmares". It is cheaper, uninspiring, and largely impulsively Aussie Cash in the contemporary popularity of American Slasher films. At the beginning of the 60's, four-year-old witnesses oppose her mother's cruel death as her throat opens in a bad car accident. Twenty years later the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? Successful stage actress, but she still suffers severe psychological problems and regularly suffers terrible past and painful nightmares. She plays the role of the black comedy drama, revolves around and gets a piece. For a while after the big premiere, everyone who is remotely involved with the production is also slaughtered. It's really disappointing how the movie overcame the mystery story about the identity and motivation of the murderer, although many infant viewers are already identified after the first murder. I do not think I have seen a more clear hood than "nightmares", and the creators just need to show her face directly and protect themselves from trouble. These killings are clear and very bloody and incomplete of nudity that provides a "unhappy" in a large number of unhealthy numbers. However, production values ​​are poor and that is not always surprising or provocative at one time. Some of the clips that we see in the original game appear to be the most horrible display on the stage as much as possible. The positive aspects of the film are critical roles of director and geek newspaper. We both insulted most of the cast and the remaining members of the cast. "Nightmares" is a horrible piece of extortion horror movie, but hey, at least I gave you a golden hint to make you more digestible.
