Sexual abuse allegations, along with other unpleasant peacailols, including the use of broom, are sixty dozen of the most popular high school jacks in Glen Ridge, New Jersey or a "slightly retarded" student (Heather Matazzo). The case is handed over to the DA's office where the trial and building of Ali Shetty and Eric Stoltz are charged. <br /> The rumors about the case are spread by Glen Ridge, and everyone's jokes enjoy a high middle class suburban society. (Their fathers are a police lieutenant.) No one believes in Matarazzo. "Our boys smiled in the basement, raped, and did not support her for sexual abuse." Question, Shredy and Stoltz question the question of whether or not they can make enough karen case to the jokes. Mataraja is not an ideal plaintiff. She is disappointed for her love and friendship, and Fox makes her misleading to make false statements. A slimy reporter said, "You can trust me", but the journalist becomes not trusted at all. Another student, the most popular girl in school, pretends to be her beloved relative, asks her main questions about the incident, and lights the trip to Matarao, playing the results! Consequently, watching this story is a roller coaster. First it seems like a good case for Shetty and Stoltz. But, alas, society organizes against the law. Then again nice. But the journalist interferes. The barrier was not overturned soon, Linda Trippt lost her big nose in the investigation and publicly referred to Taylor as a lieutenant. (Well, actually, she was lying-but she questioned her to question him). Then it exceeds, but Motazorzo is a stand because she can not be "retarded". Eric Stoltz is part of the prosecutor. For the simple reason that I and I lived in the Pago Pago around the same time. (I hope he is not a kid who is in the beach club bar. If he is, I'll take my praise) Allie Shetty is a strange actress and a difficult task to show. She did an excellent self-immolation job in "fine art" but I did not think any special effort would be made in this role, which was a formula. <br /> <br /> The producers and director have good meaning to select Heather Mathazzo for the victim's character. The worst thing they could do is a beautiful, mysterious and elegant. Instead, Matarazzo, without all the ugly, looks rather plain and this normal quality can be grooming herself and her body. The writers turned her silent and gentle. She has a dimension and is sometimes irritating to hear, which is all right. <br /> <br /> Materjozo's role is the best in the film. Jacks stereotypes. Pure evil. They put themselves in a party that is worse than "La Dolce Vita's" Clockwise Angie, in the Barge, in some Orange Girl Party in East Orange, on the law and left without explanation or apology. <br /> <br /> I mentioned this comic book story and it's pretty cool. It is challenging none of our pretensions. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And who's not a moment's doubt about who we are. I'm looking forward - not really, it's just rhetorical - the film and almost a dozen people have been filmed, but the victim takes his name and photos into papers and photographer. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the true story, More fictional features. (E.g., "misuse.") Some are good and certain. Okay. Fair enough. Now let's look at the film about the Tavana Brawley case, when the teen-aged girl disappeared for a few days, when her friends kills her, tied her up and filled her with a dust, so she suspects that the police kidnapped her and raped her. Now this is a challenge.
