There are two groups of people ... every folks who watch the movie and the general public. While I'm confident that some of my movies really enjoyed, I can honestly say that some of them are not. In my opinion, by the way, just a few knees jerk reaction - I've seen a lot of Felicia movies and have seen many movies from the world's most famous directors. In this regard in mind, I feel both overdated and annoying directors both Godard and Felicity. They were both extravagant and often unwatchable and still received the acclaimed gobs and "intelligence" from reviewers, but the average person would never sit through some of their movies. Heck, a person who loves international cinema is generally cool when watching some of these films. So, a small group actually looks at their pictures and it's not surprising that their movies are often praised, as they have already seen the directors with success - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about the first NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE about the images of Godard ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or Spiritual Juliet? These films are bored, weird and inefficient. <br /> <br /> I am not able to make the film a bit lucky (after all I loved the katakuris and the joy of the Shaolin Seeker), but it must have been a must watch! <br /> <br /> Now this is the movie. Something like Felney's sexually compulsive man was able to make the story about boring and unsexy. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to get too confused. Instead of cheap sexual thrusts, sex acts are drawn and dirty, and Casanova's character Donald Sutherland is seen as a vampire and is buried in many decorative and prosthetics. I know this is the intention of Felicity, but most viewers thoroughly throw this clean performance - he can not see himself or the sounds as he has been translated into Italian by all of Sanderland's lines. Unfortunately, when the movie is closed in these boring sexual assaults, it does not really need to look. <br /> <br /> An interesting fact about the first sexual assault shown in this film is that the actress looks like a young version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. In addition, in the past decades Felsi has a masina play character, such as a prostitute and a fierce abusive woman, who really hates his wife and feels like it's acting on the screen. I read a little about them and their solemn relationship and it also feels like this. I found interesting about this interesting film. Do not say I did not warn you!
