This is one of the worst films I've seen this year. You can not watch this movie but you have to stop here if you insist on waste your time, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Gray and Sam are the only brothers and sisters; In the eyes of each one there will be a man and a wife. Not about sex but just about everything else. In the beginning, the film begins with its background: 'The most abusive thing you have most inappropriate is that you imagine the most absurd reactions. Gray and Sam decided to check the dog park with a borrowed pooja. But his brother leads her brother to bathe in the first woman looking for her. When she gets her brother, they start a 3-way date. Charlie (Bridget Monahan) is their dream girl, like all the right things? Sam Finish Hits Gray on the Gray and Complete Date with Couple Wedding Proposal! Charlie agrees! Charlie, Gray and Sam are in Vegas. Next week will be shopping for Charlie and Gray Wedding Gowns (apparently Charlie of the Rock-Rike figure). Char Gray also slurping a cold latte when he tries over some gowns and suggests she calls out a $ 10,000 boldness for her. Charlie is hard on gray (let's look like a bag) when she cuts her in the 'down-payment-on-a-house' gown. What should happen but 'woops!' Delay throughout the gown. It never explained how they got out of a $ 10,000 mocha gown from Blooming Delley's bridal salon. Back to reality '?? Caesar Palace Las Vegas. They're the 'High Roller Room' (Sam is a Resident Surgeon and Charlie an intern zoologist? They all got this money?) Gray Kicks Hall Sam Out of the Single Room Down and She's Have a Bachelorette Drink-Than, You Guess - They Kiss. Gray reminds everything; Charlie walks the mark. When they reach the bridal chapel and when Ravrer reaches his line, "Gray grills" if anyone who has any objections to the union of these two lovebirds. Gray ridicule, for some reasons, Reverend must repeat its last line again and again 'hikers'. Gray gets back to NY and literally starts dating any man she meets. And of course you guessed it again! Q. The other is a jerk and the third taxi cab driver (Alan Cummings) Gordi. He sniper with gray but does not return feelings. They became great friends. This is good when she comes clean with Sam about kissing. He blows and kicks her from her apartment. When Sam comes to his feelings, he goes to his office. Gray Agency works in an advertising agency. This office is smack in the middle of the twilight zone. It consists of cameras and microphones in all conference rooms that broadcast to all computer monitors in the organization. Sam gets in for an intimate conversation with one of the meeting rooms and ends up outside of the entire office. I suspect the band is gay or gay: Gordie comes to his rescue and persuades her to go to a lesbian bar. 'Sorry no one is men' bouncer. So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in drag. Bad drag. He is a sleeve black cloth-like rabbit-like jacket, string of pearl and a bowl of a bowl. No lesbian, but this woman is less of a dress queen, as a woman shakes an outfit. The bar is also a stranger's fantasy of what a lesbian bar: Victoria's Secret is full of designs. Everything becomes peach? She goes home with her company's client. Gray is in the lady's account and will eventually kiss. For some reason nobody does not tell Charlie and she is reflected in the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but for that sequel.
