When watching the movie as 'hot rod', is it necessary to keep a person sitting, relaxing and intellectually capable of a person? It is, in this case, thick enough to deal with the ill-tempered droplet that somehow mistaken for comedy. With a 88-minute brief runtime, the film has long drawn out in the past and is buried under reconciliation jokes? Jokes at a minority and are not even funny in the first place. The base material of 'hot rod' is as much more skillful and laughter as it comes without any as superficial and irrelevant as 2004's cult hit 'Napoleon Dynamite,'. In fact, if a call in the blatant desperation of the film is enough money, compared to 'Napoleon Dynamite' is scornful and insulting, and instead of just being angry. <br /> <br /> The film poses a frivolous story that puts the self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble before us jumping fifteen buses with frivolous intentions, leaving the ticked off of his poses (we're told Rod, his statue is one more than Evel Knievel) and his For $ 50,000 dollars donation stepmother father's coming saving heart operation; Was he able to fight with his stepfather, once recovered and get his respect? To gain one's respect, first they must fight. Huh? Whatever. Every character is more interesting than Rod's stick-on mustache, and from its film's early joke for its ridiculous diagnosis, each scene is played like a paltry and terribly unfunny, SNL contextual ?? There is an additional 85 minutes, and most importantly, the 'hot rod' will be hard work. This movie star, Andy Samberger /> <br /> <br, the drip-drop of his comic abilities contributed to the appearance of each last observed in the screen. Unfortunately, realistically ?? More humorous than just repeating his own joke with the five-year-old innocent crud pope and Pee-Pie Gags for his jokes. And if that's a disappointment, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands, and your brace for a real blow: he's the humor of the movie! To protect them with their mortification, I willingly let Samberg's co-actors' characters shake the dilemma and tell the second third of Lonely Island team, director Akiva Shafer, his talent as the director? Or comedian. Mainly, every thing that can make a crash-course comedy more cracked is definitely shot here; And worse, the film is so ridiculous. Do you believe that there is only one laugh in this pile or treat yourself to another film? No other movie.
