This film is its message "Humans are evil and evil and animals are sweet and blameless" or "never go back into the water again." A fisherman (Nolan) is not a bad thing, but when he accidentally (you mark the mark) touches the pregnant cow instead of his wife - and I use the term in all feelings - who is certainly a sick psychic bitch and a canonical villain of the piece - Not to mention the waste method she kills her bits in the most distressing and terrible Nis throws her against the propeller. (I suspect she was the first one.) When her fetus comes out of her self-damaged wounds, her mate is killing and destroying every man who speaks with Nolan, with a vengeance and mental suffering. <br /> The anti-human message, "The poor poor whale! Wicked men die and die!" And yet, it did not succeed in frightening Nolan. It is a selfish and ruthless, but first whale when he sets his intentions, he grows a heart and, as the film progresses, the whale pain increases more compassion until it seems he is walking. <br /> <br /> Nolan follows the whales in a tremendous voyage On the final trip taken, reminds me, Melville's strange man-whale The connection, and suggested for a real moment, where a two husbands for a moment can connect, also means that Nolan respected each other in their own grief, for his wife and unborn child also lost an accident. It respects the Nolan whale and feels for its loss. However, this does not always go. Whale-role does not have any compassion or respect. <br /> <br /> The last scenario loses this vision and the sea-monster finally kills everyone and Nolan and jeses as helplessly supervised by supervision. To cut the finger-hugger (she snapped her a little earlier.) I love animals, And I'm waking up whale and I love the orca whale, but this The whale victim and the people were totally unsuccessful if the goal of the era was to me and it totally failed. Nolan shows kindness and growth and feels to others, and killing and killing all the whale. "Orca whale, if you step in the wrong path of his FIN, run the cause of the other way, he will hunt you at the ends of the earth to destroy everything around you."
