Orca says that most killer whale is a jazz rip-off. This is not true, Jas's immense commercial success undoubtedly made this man. In the second half of the 70s, the beast stories are more attractive for filmmakers. Orca ?? The killer whale is described as the modern day of Moby Dick. It's a story about the invasion. A steady quest for a whale to take revenge for one of them; A steady quest for a bounty hunter to kill the whale before surrendering in any other life. <br /> <br /> The Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets a marine-biologist, Rachel Bedford (Charlotte), but Orca-Killer whale is a very disappointing film, its primarily interesting ideas are somewhat hammy dances, Rampling) Diving away from the Atlantic coast. When the Rachel team is attacked by the Great White Shark, their meeting will end in disaster, but Killer reaches Nikke's time to stop whale shark. After this, Nolan further increased the killer whale and sold it to the aquarium. But when the tragic man appears, he will unexpectedly react to the plans of the pregnant woman when he kills the pregnant woman. Rachel tells Nolan that a killer whale is a very intelligent genius who has stronger memory and feelings as a human being. Even worse, local Umilak (Will Sampson) warns that the whale will always do everything it can to remember its grief and revenge. Nolan tries to forget about the mournful event, but this whale is destroyed in a fishing town and demands that disgruntled locals cross the Naland Sea and destroy it. Will Nolan killer in the end be forced to continue the whale? <br /> <br /> Hunt leads to the icy ice himalay of the Arctic Ocean, where man and beast play each other in their last fatal battle with each other. The sensational score by Enioye Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of all time movie music, his talent was ruined on various tenth-clock clankers in the 70s and 80s). The rest is Ted Moore's fantastic wide screen photography, which makes the film more pleasing to the eye. In each other segment, Orca ?? Killer Whale is a feature film that does nothing to improve the prestigious cast and the reputation of the crew. Harris appears very ill throughout the film, his hair is black rings around his eyes, and a soft tint of the skin. His appearance does not have the normal power. Ramling's strike is pretty cool, but she describes whales as she has long failed to convince with winded and bad information explanations. The rest of the actors were wasted in brief and developing roles, most reminiscent of which, Bo Derek bemused her by revenge. This plot is full of incomplete, sweet whites like whale, intentionally launching a fire in a fishing village that surrounds and destroys the local refinery! Whales with genuine emotions, it is reliable, although believing that the whale can retaliate against a human antagonist and feel it is totally absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is truly one of the completeists of man. The beast's cycle from the late seventies. Most people grind their teeth into their hopelessness, trembling with disbelief.
