FBI Story (1959) Warner Bros. 149 Minutes Tribute to the famous crime research organization In a book by Dan Whitehead Richard L. Green and John Twist had a slightly sophisticated screenplay and directed by Mervyn Leroy only with minor features of Flair. But it has an amazing color cinematography by Joseph Barrak and helped by Studio Studio musician Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> The history of the film bureau can be seen from the memory of the aging agent Chip Hardy (James Stewart) in the modern age and its research experiences in the twentieth century - flashback - the age of junior young adolescents. But it's all too long winded and episodic! And it looks like the young harddesta produces a big film production, which carries the American horror body "Baby Face" for anomalous criminal individuals such as Nelson, Barker, Dillinger and others. Fearing companies like Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and Red Menace have emerged. And here it will be said that the FBI STORY for its star screen and appeal has ended up perhaps the forgotten disaster. Moreover, this film is another issue - Stewart almost left to bring the whole picture on his own! With the exception of Vera Miles - his long-term suffering but being dedicated wife - he has a grateful character who is surrounded by small players cast! Anyone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palans or Raymond Burr is also a Mubster or a police chief or you'll find yourself in a way that is welcome. But there's nothing speculating at all from time to time! <br /> <br /> Give a good impression of the performance of this film bureau! With the help of Stewart's narrative, we will learn about thousands of men and women who have hundreds of agents for the company. And we also treat a peek inside the headquarters that has the biggest records section and we also get a glimpse of chemists and fingerprint experts who are also meticulously going through their daily tasks. <br /> <br /> Another plus Max Steiner's excellent score for the film! A powerful, exciting and decent march of hearing on titles is an attractive love theme for sharp moments. But the horror and ominous March theme for the Ku Klux Klan Sequence is very intuitive. In addition to the well-known American rhythmic composer, the fondamo is especially exciting for the South American scenes, such as Orchestra's for the arrival of horse trooper Federal Forces. In 1959 Samuel Bronson's naval epic "John Paul Jones", the lovely Rome-com "Cash Makkal", partial west "The Hanging Tree" of Delmar Daves and Dave's "A Summer Place" from the "Young Love Theme" - Steiner Became a major hit tune called "Summer from a Summer Place". <br /> <br /> FBI is just a movie about the story <br /> <br /> From the FBI STORY Classic but unsustainable line ............... Biroc's great color thanks to cinematography, Steiner's fantastic music and Jimmy Stewart Blond Nick Adams of course (who flew aircraft with his mother on board, including his mother), could lead to arrest and confusion: Canyon City, you can send it to the house, and received a prison or jail next month - and then send it to you. " Wow!
