It's a lovely picture - especially the old film buffs and historians (I am both). In the first half of the twentieth century, Western Americans were generally not allowed in white theaters. As a result, the theatrical habitat for black audiences wanted to show pictures of the black experiences and show the actors. In many cases, movies are similar to standard Hollywood fare, but with a very low budget and generally terrible product values. You can not really make filmmakers wrong - they do not have the money and resources available to the average movie company. As a result, they are very low - they do not have enough money to re-watch again and again, including stock-actors with high-reliance, and have little to do with the need to speed up the movies! The movie Jean Autree tries hard to be the block version of the film - instead Herb Geoffrey. Jeffrey is a lightweight guy from mixed clans and he has acted in similar style cowboy films. Each sings a little bit, little fights (although very bad) and a little bit of love - you need everything in a cowboy. Jeffrey is alive at the age of 96, as it is not Believe or not. <br /> <br /> An autobiography is missing in the usual diagram - Complete chronological tasks such as West Out telephones! The problem shines through the low budget, despite its similarities. <br /> <br /> The meaning of this movie is not worth watching No - it's technical problems, it prevents you from scoring too much. One critic, unusually, made this picture of 10! It's beyond me what all the problems are. However, I can understand the person who is facing many problems. The plot is usually pretty good, the characters are favored, the musical numbers are good and the people who make the film have been very hard and it is a very important part of American history. But a 10! <br /> <br /> By the way, in an odd bit of casting, too long, lean and almost white skin Jefferies is small, dump and spectacular dark pair is attached to Mantan Moreland .... As his brother !! Likewise, Spencer Williams may be familiar with you. He portrayed Andy in "Amos' Andy" on TV.
