I saw this at almost an actual movie theater (an art-house theater, no less!) But could not make it there for a whole week, but yesterday I finally saw the cable and looked ... ..I was not disappointed, it was perfect ! Madonna again: another bomb! When will this woman know? When does the studio learn? (Or perhaps they have already dropped, with the mouth-less oht and deadly of the movie from this already.) One of the interesting qualities that Madonna thinks of her talented husband who is bringing up some interesting and / or terribly entertaining work is the same quality Madonna "seeking Susan" , It just does not mean, she's very trash at her, for here: one is her own  ప్పతనం ఏకవచనంతో ఒప్పించింది, ఆమె లో ప్రతి ఫ్రేమ్ permeating smugness, ఆమె wavering ఫాక్స్-బ్రిటిష్ ఉచ్ఛారణ ద్వారా అన్ని మరింత భరించలేక చేశారు, ఆమె మాట్లాడే వాయిస్ నాణ్యతలో పక్వానికి రాని మరియు ముఖ్యంగా ఆహ్లాదకరమైనది కాదు అనే వాస్తవాన్ని మాత్రమే సూచిస్తుంది. The next day, as Betty Davis, is not only her transportation, but her face and body has a clear Britanness, where the warm photography (perhaps its only protecting pen) However, no assistance has been made. Her winnings, one wonders so misbegotten if she could not do anything with this mess in the best day of the world's best actress in this whole affair. Bruce Greenwood looks pained to actually be on screen The poor Jenny Tripplehorn is something that's good for me if she's all the while, if she actually takes herself, "Egypt is not just a river to reject!" Adriano Giannini Giancarlo Gianniini, son of Italian original star, His father, like the immensely glamorous "before washed Aru ... ", is, and (the total is not bad," worst actor "Razzie nomination for the win, though), but, almost annitilagane about this product, it comes back to Madonna, whose shoulders rest the bully. Why is she Why her husband and director Guy Ritchie? Who thinks behind this remake? What does one actor want to focus on each shot of an image? Oh Certainly, Ritchie deserves some blame: absolutely he - or anyone - anyone! - She should have had, and taken her aside next to her and a comparison of the warmth of performance at least in the performance of her line reading (it does not get a surprise remaining cast splinters for her performance), or at least in the show warmth ... but she does not have anything like a movie black hole. Above anything and beyond, this is definitely a proud project for its star, so she is eventually accountable. Such a film, an "Odd Couple" - is the battle of the class, light and fun, with the heroes who can bounce into one another, film, romance, dialogue, and unparalleled people are really alone? Honestly, I do not think anyone I know is exactly what they're trying to do; It's not comedy (I also want to laugh) or romance (Madonna's ice-princess routine does not eliminate any chemistry). Not bad for us to enjoy bad cinema lovers. True shame ...
