I never liked Peggy Sue because I got married more than I did when it first came in 1986, with all the hype. Something I found myself putting off Nick Cage's character. Putting off the way. Then the plot does not seem to make sense. Then at the end of the credits, this question came to mind: what kind of love is this movie? What is this saying The answer is, unfortunately, if any, not much. I do not really think this film is aimed at making a statement; Except that "Your life is your life, what you do with the same flaws, so keep your eye on the donut, and not the hole". Not too deep statement, and I'm sorry, I did not do it seriously. The writing is not just good. The direction is unequal, and at times it is amazingly extreme. Kathleen Turner is the best of the film, and in my opinion, it is only worthy of the film, and despite the strange and unexplained situations, by creating a fairy tale, there is no clear ad script. <br /> <br /> "Cage struggles at every stage in the direction of his uncle Coppola," his own way "(a Her voice is annoying, unpleasant and unnatural, and his character is bad and exuberant as a young man. I understand what he's trying to do: the young man has a "hot shot" accumulations He does not heat as he does, but he goes into his own way, as he does, it is not burdensome and not effective, and if we say to his uncle instead of "man to fight," we have a very happy picture. Styles drops slightly and occasionally sounds like a real person, <br /> <br /> If the film is to be viewed in the whole movie, I would like to lift a bucket of water on his head in the scenes to influence someone in the LAC. <br /> <br /> This film is not intended for an advertisement, Do not point out, except when the cage is doing a definite Elvis seal (without voice voice), confusing and wasting time. Kathleen Turner, who gave it all, surely deserves an Oscar in a movie. If you do not like Turner and if she does not have the remote to select all the scenes, I can not recommend those who spent two hours watching this. Believe me, you'll lose nothing by placing other scenes, and it just makes a lot more sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner misleads critics of his cage comments, proves that it is genuine, and that others are gay with comments. You go, Turner! I'm not a fan of this actress more than any other first-time actor or actress, but her good news is refreshing. Cage's performance is annoying, and it does not work here. At least, we know why this picture is now.
