The film was another distortion, in many distortions, the 'sins of consumer'. Actor (Bill Tylen), 'Reverend Billy', is a boss against 'customers' sins. We might want to ask questions: like: 'Reverend Billy' what does one do for a living? How does he make money? Does he live from his 'tax-exempt' company? How does Internal Revenue justify it as a 'tax reduction' church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas knows everyone, but it is possible to apply one day for the whole year, in which people have a chance to be religious, and a considerable number of people are their families, friends, or extended families. Not everyone is voluntary. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But, the holidays and vacation time give people the opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America has more share of issues - but, with the perseverance, Americans and always with great trouble. And, during the strife, America has also proven to be the greatest country in the world. This is what Americans pull together, unite, break up and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolistic issues, but Americans take moral and ethical businesses to take care of people living in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us problems, but America takes Americans to bring back production. Americans and U.S. The government needs to know how to be in a budget, no matter how big or small, and our dependence on credit should be avoided. Credit makes our high confidence, and keep us poor, from the hammock to the tomb. It is important to buy - but, if we buy less, we will be less dependent on credit. And, if we can save, we will earn a small amount of money on a rainy day. Like Americans, we get an equal share of wealth. The wealth is not guaranteed, and never guaranteed. But, stratification teaches us, only a small percentage of Americans have American wealth. There is a good proximity that you or I can reach the upper and middle level. And what do you know from that ?? Be positive, work hard - and at least, you and I can not reach at least some of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to reach for. And, if you or I dreams, we may be dead as well. In America, there is always room for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we'll be part of the pack, but we can always become the pack's leader. <br /> <br /> Churches and religion are nothing more than any additional distortions, but I respect and give people respect with other beliefs, values ​​and attitudes. But, to the expressions, in this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and attitudes. I earned a place from 10 to 1 in this film - but in honest and truth, this film is desirable to zero. This film is not of any kind, and I can not recommend it.
