I played a major role in motion picture production at Wright State University in Ohio and yesterday I gave myself the opportunity to see the awful images of this god in class. Our professor has been informed that we are a lot of fun, but it is one of the first sound films because this is the reason we're looking at - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with the start sound is that the films Hollywood actors only know how quiet films are and they are not good at remembering the lines. So the producers and directors will see the stage to get the actors. Sounds like a great idea, the acting on stage is not well visible in a kind of film. Most of the actors appear in "Atlantic", and they sound like acting in an acting, which has a lot of laughter with laughter. Another limitation of the early sound film is the technology of microphones. You can not move mykes today, you can either keep them fixed or pick up the sound that drives the air. Mike has been used in any scene in this movie. In a particular scene, there is a person sitting at a table. Someone walks to the right and sends their line, then walks. Another actor comes from behind him and sends their line, then comes out. It goes like this for a couple more people. The microphone is clearly made for a ridiculous actor carousel, right through the man at the table. <br /> They are only technical problems. If you enter the story and direction, it will be even worse. This story is a fictional story about what happened in Titanic. The letters are unreliable and nonsense. There is no place in the movie "story" about the man who deceives his wife and their teenage daughter. It just solves and leaves you wondering why it is in the first place. A lousy attempt in high play, the actors take a long time, pauses between pregnant lines many times. It's tiresome, and you can not wait for this 90 minutes (it feels like it's at least 180). I'm going to talk a whole lot about the racist issue at this time in our country, but I'm really ruined that there are only two blacks in the whole film, and they are shot as animals. They spent time with women and children to try and get one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, but they were not burnt. <br /> <br /> I will give you 2/10 for this film. I gave a 1/10 (the lowest rating possible), but it was one of the first sound films and I gave an extra point and put it in context. If you want to see a good start sound picture, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail" in 1929. Best Directors are soon able to adapt to new technology.
