It's mute movie. <br /> <br /> If the film does not work very hard, my verdict will not be so hard, but I feel that I have cheated this film and I am playing for a fool in every turn. No beef with acting, but I thought the characters were awful. The role of Clive Owen is the conductor of what he is guilty of, and the film begins when he tells him how to say a perfect bank robbery. Oh yes, he also tells us in a prison cell, while a mute turns into a metaphor. Whatever idiot's best bank stolen may be the least possible mistake, and you've gone a long time before the police show up. But Clive Owen's scheme needs to be hanging around the bank at no point - no reason to see the stalk around and see it very scary until I can say. Take control of hostages, consult with cops, and more bizarrely, do a e-old-housework job in the bank's storage room for a week, (I've taken enough food, and a bucket) and then sneak out again. Yeah, exactly like me, Clive! <br /> <br /> Then there is a lot of unexplained details: Why are the cops having crooks convinced? Companions between hostages? Who is the role of Jody Foster of the actress, and why she has the mayor at her beck and call and because she is important why she does not tell her agenda to Washington Denzel "Is it above her pay scale?" How bad are these cops that they can not realize that the hours of a foreign-speaking speaker are not a gang of criminals who are exploited? How did the robbers got slip away, and why did Clive Owen stick around for a week? How did the bank chairman know about the past and the number and nature of his deposit box? Why does Clove Owen Jody Foster or Cops hell? Since they make the AK-47s toy that they look real close up close? Whatever you do a pizza box with hell? How was Clive Owen not managed to get out of the bank's safe area during work hours, not recognized? <br /> Does this tragedy criminal convict have enough bond with Dengel to diamond him? There's a lot of movies to get deep into your surprise when you're backstage, but I never thought about the inside man. The scenes described in this film are cut from the movie, or there are no answers to these questions, it is weak. The character of the lofty loamy Foster character, she does not reveal what she does, but she does not know how important the tire reminds us. <br /> <br /> For the only reason I gave two stars, I was Deniz's "Taxi Cab" and "Pina Kolada" clothes, Kid's outrageous video game. Besides, there are no features to redeem this movie.
