I've seen Ryuhei Kitamura's work too and I come to the conclusion that he has a knack for action. The scenes are dynamic and rapidly combining martial arts, gunfights, and samurai fights, effectively detecting camera work on screen vandalism. "Versus" and "Aragami" showed creativity with Kimmoor and had the ability to work with a low budget. So what happened in "Alive"? More blunt, the answer is - nothing. <br /> <br /> It's not a two-hour plus film in "Alive", without any action and less of smaller characters and stories. <br /> <br /> Sunam Takahashi The life of a Tanushushi yashiro from "Aalayev" (a comedian of Hitia) from a comic book culminates in the death penalty executioner. Then he can either repeat the death penalty or choose himself in extreme experimental experiments. He chooses the next one and then puts it in a raft, and then grants supernatural powers to the host's humanity with a typical parasite. Parasite is natural at some point into the moscow, the bad thing is not going to happen very quickly. <br /> <br /> Like "Arrogant", this is the first half of establishing "Alive" basic expression. The characters are introduced, their motivations are set and their relationships do not reach out between each other. The whole thing is done in just one set. The first major issue of that comparison was that "The Aragami" was just 70 minutes of film, "Alive" spent more than two hours, so it was the first part of an hour. That length was justified the characters made a bit more interesting but that's not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, emotion or depth is delivered without any sense, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There are a few little attempts to make a bit more ethical ambiguous "Alive" but in the end it all came classic: Nasty government people against you, super powerful leader, yes whom you guess, ultimately save the girl. I have said in the past that the whole film is practically just one set, and getting two hours boring, the worst set design is not too interesting to start with, and does not improve on other issues <br /> Now, after the first part, At least entertaining action scenes can be expected to start boring. The case is not the case. Two only fights are actually rehashes similar struggles from Hollywood films, completing bullet time effects and mental powers. They are not interesting or fun, since Kimura's creativity has gone from "Versus", the small set also limits the most impressive camera-work and limits all the threads to the usual and predictable disputes. Apparently "Aragami" is better on all accounts and "Kimmura" learned something from "Alive". So the overall loss of the film is not the least. If only to understand the errors made, how to fix them and how to create an enhanced entertaining image.
