Stephen King's "Bachmann" Penn-Nem seems to be a way to keep Grimmer, Rover, the more addictive aspects he wants to write, without contaminating him from 'brand name'. If you look back at "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadover, Thamener), they have closed a sense of ignorance and disappointment about what is different from the mainstream King. I realize that the first novel was talking about the man who had the slaughtering slaughtering everyone at his high school school prom, the person having a bloody, blood-covered, emotional parentish teenage girl ... but the main King always had a bit of grimness trials, and mostly hopes that contain characters and plot items And there are conclusions that provide at least a glimpse of human concept. Bachman's books are just plain and never ends. (BTW, "Pet Smartery", though not easily revealing the Bachman book yet, and "The Dark Half" partly at least partly about his "Bachmann" character.) <br /> <p> The last Bachman book, and man, class war, With the shape of vengeance, and the shape of death, it is nasty. That's why the film follows that story. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly, "Theater's TV Movie" appears to be portrayed in one of the most successful stage releases in the movie. (Nowadays, this is probably going straight to DVD or cable). The decorative work and excellent motif (if you have a metaphor for the American middle class with plenty of starvation death, overfed, nutritional) are all you see these evil people. <br /> What went wrong? My first thought was when Nurse Bachman was going for vibration, but he sucked all the interest with the selection of poor actors - the actors (except Joe Montekana) can not take the film alone. And he squished out of the rest of the rest and the rest of the rest with awkward pacing and scene construction. Plus he left the plot alone, and his changes really did not help. The script and dialog should work, but mostly the image is just. Everything is muffin, dull, giggling, and no fun ... with a clear exemption of the main character's scene ... thinner, narrow, and thinner. <br /> As shown by others, the "thin" is not the most terrible King film ever (or the second worst) ever. And it has a terrible, compelling attraction due to the theme and carefully decorative work. But for the first time the audience must reduce this process.
