No, I did not read Stephen King's novel "Slender", but I was blown down the film version. Horror movies have a buy taste. Regular films give a viewer to praise him when he strives to achieve a goal. In horror movies, the audience is invited to enjoy the audience's description. Director Tom Holland's low-fat but flavored revenge chiller "thinner," no one wins and deserves bite to be kept by everybody else. The gluttonous New England Attorney Billy Halek (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he has stones on bathroom scales at 300 pounds, he is married to a vegetarian, sweet wife, Heidi ("GI Jane" 's Lusinda Jenny). <br /> The fat is not stupid here. Hollick performs his judiciary in court, who has been acquitted by the Sleepy Mafia leader Richie Guinnie (Joe Monthagna of "House of Games"). Driving home from dinner to victory, Billy crosses the street hits an old Gypsy woman and kills her. A cover up takes place, and friends of Halek come out of the soup. The unsatisfying jyothy father Thadz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skido") was a cursed advocate and a vengeance on the two townsmen who had expelled him. Suddenly Halek finds out how he chose pounds chops. The old man refuses when he prays to the grizzly revenge to curse the curse. Greatly, resorts to Hollywood Richie. While Helek struggles with Gypsies to remove Hex, his loyal wife finds his admiration for the town's hotshot doctor. <br /> <br /> Not only is the usual horror film as a "thin" lawyer, filmmakers rely on men and women's generalizations. Tom Holland, directed by "Child's Play" (1988) and director Michael McDowell, has provided such a slipshodd script that you can not see him just getting dessert and rusty. "Thinner" are some obstacles and less shocking. Filmmakers control the novel of Kings, but filmed the horror and funny feelings they have. Holland and McDowell introduced characters such as Mafioso, and they hooked the unexpected hook. A little character dies as long as he dies, and in his mouth the head of the chicken is in the head. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of the characters also affects the audience. "Skinny" women are described as overweeks and men as swine. When Hellek goes home from a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car in his home. His suspicions take a plan to envy him to transfer to his wife and he is a cook. Premature ending does not even have any satirical taste. The Oscar-winning special effects wizard Greg Canom and "Make Van Helsing" make great work by cutting actor Robert John Burke to see obesity. <br /> <br /> The dead Stephen King fans will only be able to stomach this grievous golodippu.
