Near the "Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son is going to leave the law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone did not want it. But his breakaway ex-wife, Kay Anthony Corleone, persuades him to convince him to make him happy. <br /> <br /> It looks like a strange way to start a review because it's really nothing short of a small plot point and core action. Bear with me here; I'll see where I am going this event. Now tell me about the main plot. It wants to leave Michael Corleone a good offense (he left all of the criminal stuff in his family business). But later, Vincent Mancini, an unsatisfactory nephew, suffers a controversy. So of course Michael should endure another brush with criminal and gun violence and all good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent's daughter has a partial relationship with Mary. Oh, and Michael and Ke Part II are trying to reverse all the terrible things that happened at the end. <br /> It's like a soap opera. A terrible, awful, 169 minute soap opera. The first two films have been very hard hit by what sort of serious, romance, and emotional relevance. Following a 16-year hiatus in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola's "Apocalypse Now" returns to his last great work again in the first two films once again incomplete. Worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not logical follow up "The Godfather: Part II." Michael is completely different person. He has not just gone to the seed (it may be legitimate, even if it is not fun to see). He became a lovely-lovely guy who was trying to solve all the tragedies made by Part II II such a devastating masterpiece. The priest was bad enough for his confession, but in the middle of that little diabetes bore it bored. He is reunited with Kay! For the sakes of heaven, there is absolutely no way to happen, the 2nd film has made it very clear! She left her baby, and she refused it in her Sicilian upbringing. <br /> I do not even start on Mary and Vincent's affairs! Forbidding a sex, it's frightening. Sofia Coppola's performance did not help. She has made her the most charismatic actress in her career when she turned to the camera as the best film ever seen in the film. Every line that she distributed did not worry, and acting rested her performance abilities every time. In the climactic scene - I can not go into details, but if you look at what scene when you're talking to her / she looks at Michael and asks, "...... daddy?" <br /> Now we come to the climax, You can realize why it took time. Start review with Anthony Corleone's musical aspirations explanation. After 140 minutes short drama and absurd prospects, Anthony Corleone will return ... an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary, and Vincent will see it, and for about 10-15 minutes the couple assassins try to kill Michael. About this climactic order, I must say one thing: It is really good! But because of the killers - they are pretty boring. I really liked the opera. It has some great music and true great set pieces. And since it's just a little we've seen, the story seems to echo the origin of the Curly Family. I wager on one opera opera, and he converted Michael Corleone from music school to music. My biggest wish is this: Francis Ford Coppola's 169 minutes filmed Anthony Corleone's opera and left the rest of the short drama. Better yet, I did not make him "The Godfather: Part III". Part II gave us the perfect end. This spin of self-tying and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> This is not a gut response to the film. I saw a total of 3 godfather movies a month ago (I saw the first one again). I do not mean my expectations for this Part III (in fact, I've seen the bar for it after that), but this is also three films. While I was a bit disappointed with Part II at first, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But with Part III, it's bad to start, worse I got the idea about it more. The sad thing is that most people stop with Part I, but if they look at Part II, they mostly go to Part III. If you have, look never to pretend to be parts like I & II and Part III.
