When Samantha Egger (like Phillis Dietricsson) cut her door in a towel, you could be a good actress, and she does not have Barbara Stanwick's hypnotic appeal. And this is not entirely the fault of the Goodman. In the original film, Wilder Stanwyck appears only in the towel, but her house enters the scene on the balcony on the second floor. And she "does not come out"; She looks almost through magic. Walter Neff is looking at her from below in the first floor. The reason for this is. Stanwyck Neff (Fred MacGrey) is much larger than before. It's not just a towel. This towel adds to a seductive manor. Her posture is like a Greek goddess in her domain, and in a strange way, initially, she really controls the whole situation. She has sex, magic and energy. This person is not a normal housewife. <br /> Rebuilding back to 1973 Stanwyck's stand-in, Eggar, doors with towel around her. There is no "performance". She opens the door. The impressive supremacy that attracted viewers in Stanwick's first appearance in 1944 was not complete in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It may be a Charlie's Angels sort of sexy, but it's not mysterious. Remake's filmmakers misunderstood the Wilder Point. The script is said to be "filly towel" so the filmmakers of the remake have to follow the instructions and have the necessary towel. Point towel is not. The problematic quality of the point phyllis, and she has an efficient power. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her his secret. The remake's filmmakers gave her a towel, because this was what Wilder did. <br /> <br /> Richard Creanna is also misleading. He looks like "acting" and is not in the middle of the confusion. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks like a 70s actor too. He can not enter the 1940s. When Mike Ryper first spoke to the microphone, sweat began to drip from his face. Do not sweat on Crenna. And they initially changed one of the key lines. In fact, Neff said, "I did not get the money, I did not get a woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I did not get the money, I did not want that woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstood the story? Or have they pulled it down to a "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This TV movie was written by movies. All the original edge will be lost. Lee J. Cobb may only stand out in the famous role by Edward G. Robinson. But he does not lose the intensity of the original. This is an unforgettable TV movie made by the same people who made this 1973 boring remake "Gilligan's Island". They also tried to remake "Citizen Kane" or "Gone With The Wind". What if the mediocrity is the best, but what is that matter? The 1944 classic is a movie with a capital "F". TV remake for this deserves an "F" grade, or, perhaps a "D" for dumb.
