Just saw the screening tonight before. What can i say It did not speak anything, but it lived until the regular trailer run. It just did not do anything before, and it was just the laughing point I just got laughing because I was laughing with the audience, and instead let the funniest movie play <br /> <br /> Let's see ... we're more than less than trying to return with a former sweetheart She has an amazing role, but she is not well enough, check it out. We all have three buddies who have their own "personality" being the best girlfriend being the best girlfriend being one of the super-awkward one who can not live down seeing another friend, who is constantly trying to get with the best friend's character's best friend but is constantly rejected, it's downright, and it's a liner Specifically a group of image instruction from Disney Trame) and the third person, where you can always throw in gurtuncukolekapoyina square and listen to the concentration of attention ... check the messages. We have the girl ex boyfriend and her parents **** - not to mention the pesky family members from the side of the main character, block the relationship by any possible looking things ... check. Every one has an hour in the film that is discouraged, check it out. We have the "funny" moments of the film continuous swearing, people falling or hitting, scenes from the trailer, and homosexuals ... Check. And I called it a spoiler, but it seems like we've got to finish off the film before it's out and we're honest, it's ... wait, wait ... a PG-13 image. All the f-bombs needed to be dropped. Honestly, this kind of comedy has gained more promotion from the audience that is enjoying a low media exposure, and so many of these people do not like it, it's super-radiated like superstaded and knocked up comedies. The humor in the film is just awkward, which is not enough for the general public. Actors have never dared to interact with some conversations and actions I had to broadcast in the camera. Let's keep it this way ... In the theater, it's on the big screen and you laugh because others laugh. When the movie touches the Showtime and you are checking it off at 2:00 PM on the off-day, you may be inclined to change the channel. <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, the film has withdrawn too much, Alice Eve's Hotness (not 10 but not good). On the side of the sidewalk and everything else seemed to forget to write more story that tried to develop at the beginning of the film where pretty much flies the window. So there is a major solution, but what comes up? <br /> <br /> In this movie, nothing is valuable, it is a good soundtrack. Apart from the nice selection of 90 alternative rock songs, David Holmes is a nice upbeat score to play in some parts of the movie (more on it's beginning) reminding me of something to mix / compose. <br /> <br /> The suspicious yet proud Pepsi sponsorship has shown the yellow bottle hats, the last film, perhaps the last film to be filmed late. During that Rock Band Promotion. If you see, I wanted to rock a lot of rock band gamers. But I tell you to hold on to your money. If this is PG-13 and you are with a group of friends who are 15 years old on Friday night, I will beat you. Otherwise, definitely pass. It does not try and compete with R-rated movies over the past few years, and ideally it's not exactly good.
