Sadly, we're about to watch the gray in fire at Universal Studios last week's print editing, so we are stuck with the video. This can be a metaphor for the second-rate King Kong film from Ishoha Honda, the potent director of Touho Studios. Most notably it is a warm up for "King Kong versus Godzilla". It also uses the idea of ​​Maca-kong as the Macha-Godzilla. However, Climax will have a climax in the King Kong fighting on the Expo Tower in Tokyo, but you are already in the age group for this film if you do not already know. <br /> These actors headed a man named Rhodes Reason ... I see the most scarce American TV credits for its listening, so they have a nominal American hero who go to Japan. The real hero of this film is a sensitive Japanese commander who played Akira Takaraada, I also recognize from Hiroshi Inaka's icon "Chaushura" (47 Ronin) and Honda's original Godzilla. I'm sorry Rods cause someone else, but this guy has a more screen presence and you can bet everyone wants to end up with cute little blonde who played Linda Miller. She laughed to find a way to lead herself between Miller and Takaraada, and she always seemed to like her. Her primary relationship with the king is the same as all the Gang women. She finds a nice trick: If you have a huge monkey really talk ... really .... slowly ..... he will understand what you say. And if you're a bland gal, he means you do whatever you tell him. This fact is not represented by Dr. Eisei Amamoto and Mie Hama - the "unnamed country" - the mineral deposits of Kong. <br /> Yes, this is really the plot of the whole film - The monkey has the ability to dig out these minerals, which are super powerful weapons. Doctor. It is built on who builds Machan-kong, but leads to this circuit, so they decide to go for a real kong. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the beautiful blonde shouted "Kaka" with his "mega-kong". Kang "or" King Kong "Voice for her chair Many times when she said she did not let him go to the end when he was talking to us all.What did he achieve in the role of Kang by creating him as the hero and friend of the most difficult, as the latest version of the film? Kang is just one in a suite in this movie And they show me a lot of where the Goofy face is impossible to take seriously.It's a good looking movie, I'm sure this will satisfy the demands or desires of this kind, which is much more of a wrestling film than a monster image. They are not really intimidated, they are rotating around  కొకరు చాలా మందికి నెట్టేస్తారు. ఇది ఒక పని చెయ్యని చిత్రం కాదు, కానీ ఇది చాలా ఊహాజనిత మరియు సూత్రప్రాయంగా ఉంటుంది, కాబట్టి 10 సంవత్సరాల కంటే తక్కువ వయస్సు ఉన్నవారు లేదా అది హాస్యంగా వినోదాన్ని మాత్రమే కలిగి ఉంటుంది.
