This is a curious left turn for the 13th Indies. TWO Harbs A B & W 75 minutes from the Minimanna film but two people who have actors and discover a connection through a search for alien life. I appreciated the courage of Reel 13 programmers who are thinking of out of the box when choosing this film. I have chosen a strong image to be brave. In fact, I am surprised if the more option is chosen with the special feature of the film rather than the original quality of the film (two Harbs are not completely merit, but I'm just a little later). <br /> <br /> The standard for independent films is limited to the TWO Harbors position. Are there only two real locations? A large waste dealer market and a very adolescent trailer, starring middle-aged main character, Vick, and Alex Cole. The author / director James Vculek uses the market setting to provide exquisite about Vick, one of the dealers out there. Has he started so many conversations that walked up to different people wiq and give us just two pieces information ?? Vick sells space toys (he calls them "outdoor space display toys") and he is a danger posed. It is one of two key issues, along with two Harbor's. I said before, again ?? We act in the visual media and filmmakers must work hard to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but generally, the endless noise is not so engulfed on the film ?? Especially if the conversation is used as exposition. All the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose. A notable example is some scenes that Wick is trying to play himself as a boy scout leader for a reduction in a shop. Clarke uses the back and back and the plot does not bring a single iota of the plot. This is also something that a 75 minute film is considered to be long. <br /> <br /> Acting other problem with two harbors. I'm a sincere person when it's starring in the movie, but I think it's a good idea to be good actors in your films. There are plenty of good actors, many of which are ready to work with low budget projects? Even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers claim the importance of acting ability is secondary to their visuals, but it is innocent. Next to the narrative, next to the narrative, there is nothing more important than acting / performances. <br /> <br /> In fact, I thought Vculek used non-actors, but as a movie film, I decided that they probably were community-theater-type actors. It's not that they are uncomfortable in the camera. This is what they called the overly theater (ie, big). Granted, the actors are the best two leads? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson Cassie, a lonely young girl caught in Vick's extra-terrestrial hunting. They seemed to have a lot of training, but they were still a little rough around the edges. The extravaganza they performed only seemed only to surface - never come from the true, organic space. Especially Ms. Johnson is an interesting case. Is she sure she has a presence ?? She is a middle western charm about her, but fills the spirit of the elements that her character plays in her role. She struggles to portray idolatries based on eye rolls, lip and stuttering, to indicate her inconvenience from being emotional and out of emotional life from the slave (slave?). I said here that I was not the first mercenary in the first paragraph of two harbors. Without giving away much, an hour into the image is a fade in white. After that, the story takes a splendid turn, allowing the last fifteen minutes to be passionate and apparently powerful? It's like a sucker punch in the gut, but in a good way. It is almost a huge relief to feel some after a while with these characters. There are no conversations in the last five minutes of the film and the result is the best part of the film? Subtle, detailed (Cole is the best in his movie) and most importantly, the film. Then, the end credits all comes with a very unstable revelation ?? This is based on the real story, which I was thinking of. With all the conversations, because of the lack of minimum positions and cinematic features, I know that with two kick ass actors and a tightening rewriting, I really could be a kick-graft stage platform. Perhaps even a law. If there are some bold theater producers there, I would definitely recommend whether I can catch the film and filmmaker Reel 13 or whom. <br /> <br /> For more information about this or any other reel 13, check out their website at www.reel13.org)
