(Big Spoilers) I've seen another Takashi mike film, and that's a very disturbing and ruthless 'audition', a test of feminism's Japanese ideals! In 'Visitor Q' I mean 'Visitor Question' - examines the Family Department, which is very disturbing. The chaotic perspective of Mike's exceptional family tries to be lazy in chaos and film-making, but eventually does not have style and intrigue. We introduce a bizarre range of scenes from the opening scene, paying the sex with his early daughter (Fujiko) with audiences, father-in-law (Kennichi Endo- actually very nice). Then, when the father returned home, he had a "visitor" (Cassi Vatanabe) with a very significant rock and for some reason, they both returned home. The mother (Shunaku Uchida) beat her and threatened her son (jun mooto), who also knocked and threatened her schoolmates. When visitors enter home, he is somewhat unconscious in the parts. <br /> In the end, the family builds up their relationship, helping the visitors out, breastfeeding, killing and retaining the sense of pride in the family. <br /> <br /> It's uncomfortable humor, but its dysplasia is equally frustrating and silly and over-the-top. There is a completely ridiculous scene, but the scene ends up being ridiculous. Partially because of the situation, and partly because you can not believe that the filmmakers and actors are actually doing this! The style of the film is poor to say the least, and the plot is stupid and unbelievable weak. The characters are all over, meaning that when I understand it is not realistic, there is no interest in the boundaries and circumstances on the absurd! Camera work is sloppy, and lynch's work is inevitable that cinematic concept. It is difficult to take seriously the attention of a film on a surreal level or a family review in Japan. It seems to be Mickey Shock and self-aware that the movie is "trying" to surprise and it's almost as fun to take seriously. In all, I would say that this film is awkwardly dark comedy, but it looks and looks unparalleled, and is unnecessarily wanting to shock. Michael's predecessor, audition, bored horror, had a balanced balance between character development and technology-making it more intriguing to allow the viewer to overwhelm the plot. 'Visitor Q' is, in a sense, a very difficult and deliberate attempt to deal with it, without really saying it in the process! <br /> <br />
