Six for a price! So it's a bonanza for cinemas. Is not this? Here is not two, but all the stories in all Six-love stories, Bollywood's top stars' ensemble cast, and your favorite top directors Johar, Bansali, Chopra and others. You can not see every heroic story in love or be able to cope with the year. So you do not have a big deal. Do you need anything more than that? No thanks, sir. Why sir? It's done. Please leave us. Each star that they can sign will sign, whether it is necessary or not, they have created a star's circus, whether it is believed or not. Everything is filmed here, which is referenced in the Bollywood textbook of love stories. Plus you have to justify the length given to each story, each has stars. Therefore, it is three hours long. Gagged image. The characters are in the film. Problems, obstructions, conditions, clarity ?? Yeah right? Shot and tested. Hundreds of dancers who dance in colorful costumes in the background. What other work do they have? All couples are sugar-sweet, fairy tale type, perfect image. All are good looking. Every story that starts in perfect mode and that ends in the exact same way? It is very haphazard. You can not connect to a story. Here you have already seen a million times. Bloody fake, unreal, and escape abnormal stories from the Indian cinema evolution for over a hundred years. What mockery of today's audience is gentle? Yes it can work as a parody if you pay a tribute to love. But he did not explore the stories of ancient times. At least, director Nikhil Advani tried out an unusual, offbeat love story, but what would happen to the tradition of commercial bolwood patolar brigade mark? Oh! Some people must continue, but not what. Imagine on a viewer is difficult to sit through such a love story and here we have six times pain. I mean six damn stories. I have doubled the fun of Chopra's Mohabbatine (Year 2000), in this age and time, get something true, guys. Now we can not see so many colorful people and are not gorgeous stories. Oh, now what did you say - entertainment. My advice is, do not waste your time reading such reviews. Go instead, some more fun! Thank you.
