There are a lot of problems with Nikhil Advani's Salam-e-Ishk. Thank you very much for the useless and desperate strips of a one-line concept (a former English movie - Love Associate) that looks good on paper. A well thought out idea fell under the weight of its own big ambitions. A director who has received his own film accelerates with the tools he has worked on in his previous film (Kal Ho N Ho) - which attempts to count how many times the device of the split screens is in the picture. What is the problem - Karan Johar school's emotional overwork in Kal Ho Naa Ho, but here, 'emotion' does not show us its appearance on screen - not even cursorily. The author / director gives us six relationships with 'a simple problem - love', where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the emotion? Does Sans Love to Love Emotion? And going on and on ...... Naha, it's not working! <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for the film is that this work requires a complete 'complete', in some way or another - the traditional three-law structure (screenplayer, paradigm of Said Field ). The real reason why Salam-e-Ish did not work for me. None of these stories were any depth or roller-coaster ride emotional ups and downs in major Hindi cinemas. Furthermore, relationships between some of the stories seemed weak and seemed too forceful. Salman Khan does not know what to do in Ayesha Takia's wedding. Why should not the enchanting and other two couples get married even if he needs to be in the wedding scene for a fine circumcision? <br /> Yes, there are a few promises in the stories. For one, Anil Kapoor-Juhi Chawla's story tries to deal with a more realistic situation-the mid-life crisis, but its journey is quite simple, and you're surprised if it's really a problem. Similarly, the problem of commitment in the Akshay Khanna-Ayesha Tachia story is also true to life. It has grown slightly better. I think the good stories in this mish-mash are good from a masculine look, but it reduces the emotional feelings of these stories because the female characters - Juhi Chawla and Ayush Takia are particularly half the size of the bathtub. Does not the film think 'about 12 different lives'? Now actors. John Abraham still needs to learn acting, but the education balloon is dependable and never known. Anil Kapoor gets a role for his role, but sometimes he displays the boredom of his character. Because Juhi Chawla uses her lovely smile and natural acting style, because she does not have a meat role to play the role. Though Akshay Khanna is the top scorer in some scenes, it is good. Ayesha Takia does not have much, but she reminds us that she is the same girl surprise us with her bravura performance in the dar. <br /> <br /> The film's most boring track (which will undoubtedly end up on the screen) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. This track is primarily because of irritability. But I should credit them for their stability. They are continuously bald through the movie. Priyanka may be the next Queen to be the best - her role (an 'Everything girl') wanted her to work over the top. Some people need to specify their role as a gentleman, because the character is discouraging. If you see Rakhi Sawant (as the inspiration behind this character), you will find out in my interviews and Big Boss. If Nikhil Advani takes Rakhi Sawant rather than a big star like Priyanka, I feel strongly that the story works well. Salman Khan's fraudulent voice is better than Shannon Era's Hindi Salman. <br /> <br /> He tries to bring good direction touching to the film while dealing with the director's good. I especially liked the use of gray as bright colors that came with the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhi Chawla's story for their booging presence, and the arrival of the other woman. But gray shades are discouraging, someone chooses to paint their house? I am convinced cinematic license. <br /> <br /> When walking for about 4 hours, it seems like trying to make a 'touch' audience audiences in disarray scenes for audiences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil wants Advani to sit in the thametter as much as human development - Paata Nahin, Kal Ho Ho Ho.
