'Baptists in our barbecue' is the best film ever. Now, let's start with my little overview of this fierce, unfortunate, morbid and boring hank-of-hunk that came with a grim apt statement that I should have a hanging offense if I spoke. For the first time, this stinker's low budget is very poor and inexplicable direction of Christian Vissa, and is entirely clear on F. Matthew Smith's foul, overly preachy, whiny and stilted screenplay. I'm sending a lot of mormon-friendly, and sort of anti-religion message. Yes, the story is about half a full with the Mormons and a small town full of half of the Baptists. It shows all major and character-model characters as mormon, yet good and accurate, and they are chosen by nasty, outrageous and very painful Baptists. It shows how Mormons are beautiful and how cool-hearted and childless Baptists, rather than showing little solidarity as being appropriate and realistic. I do not belong to religion (I am really an atheist), but with the countless amount of these Baptists I hurt myself. This shows that Baptists are not too close and unwelcome to the Mormons, and Mormons agree, and again, is actually a mutual / unlikely between them. <br /> <br /> I do not like another item of Baptists in our barbecue, not acting. The performances are very romantic and unnatural, especially from female lead heather beers. Miss Bears hits her part in her role without any role, and I am very impressed with the film's poor character, Don Merkley, but I'm more skillful or heather Bears after the film shows more talent. No one who plays urban sheriff is also awful. Despite a little smile deep inside the image, it completes the clocks. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds comfort with a native American, who always gives the best advice on tribal life-how is cliché? To make the situation more curiosity cliche, buy puppy puppy puppies dog in the purchase of poor, tartan. Ugghhh! <br /> If you would like my advice, stay away from 'the Baptists in our barbecue.' I saw on the shelf and thought of religion as a beautiful and interesting little indie. All I got is a piece of garbage. Grade: D- <br /> <br /> My ratings guide - A + (Erpatalie flawless); A (a masterpiece, near-perfect); A- (excellent); B + (great); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (frustrated); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (silent horror); F (a redemption quality in this hunk of the Hollywood feces).
