The TV-horror movie concept for this is ridiculous beyond words, but hey, it's late in the 1970s and literally all the stupid horror formats are pretty damn good, so why not exploit the idea of ​​a dog having a satan? The "Devil Dog" storyline is easy to explain to fans of horror: just think "the omen" and replace the newborn baby boy with the German Shepherd dog's nest! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the movie is all about! In the opening sequence, some satan cultures buy a female dog only in heat, as Satan inspires himself. You believe that the Lord of Darkness marries with a German Shepherd and has other things in his mind than a bad puppy seized in the world at the time, but is not clear. Just like the small Damian in "The Omen", one of the puppies is made up of model family and a beautiful and attractive animal. But lucky ?? What is that dog name ?? Limited in derivative and linearly implemented routes from pure evil and distorting neighbors and nosi school teachers. He also promotes his fatal role on family wife and children, but he can not force the father (Richard Creanna) to turn his piece into a lawyer because he is "a man chosen". The whole thing becomes quite moronic when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to seek an ancient wall painting and receive advice from an old English-speaking old witchdoctor. I was living alone on top of his whole life in the mountain that he expected. Director Curtis Harrington ("What is the subject with Helen", "Ruby") and the lead actor Richard Kreena ("Weight to Dark", "The Evil") tried to create a breathtaking and mysterious atmosphere, but not all in vain. Beautiful puppy eyes such as eyes are a Spanish maid or a dog throwing wagons and killing bullets rather than killing, and unusual musical notes are also unlikely. The "special" effects are tragedy, especially the satan-dog wall becomes a completely cheesy shade. "Devil Dog" is a really dumb picture, but it is absolutely hilarious to see at the end of the night with some friends and alcohol loading. The horrific fictional queen of Martin Bessique ("Dr. Jekel and Sister Hyde") and RJ. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") is bad fruit, vegetable and puppy seller. And, yes, that annoying daughter is the same kid who gets blown away from complaining about her ice-cream in Carpenter's "Assault on the Pride 13".
