As expected, a majestic film created in the 70s is sympathetic and prestigious for hippies - and many hippies - and, naturally, this is the kid's anti-authority (e.g., the scene bound in Mexico, the surrealist insults an official officer and alleges that opening his luggage , Because he (Sutherland is long I was not prepared for a stable left wing dribble on my nerves; Suderland was strongly read to his family and friends for his next film, and many of these ideas are about blacks or Indians (who have welcomed open arms in today's Hollywood). One of the movie ideas is one in Beverly Hills About a black revolt - a racial-war between L.A, talking, talking, and ignorance that Mujursky thought about writing scripts for these films.Fortunately, the Hippie friends of Sutherland enjoy this black-revolutionary campus, and the result is not bad; Shortly after, the Jewish man painted a picture about Sutherland about "masturbation and blackness". Another funny moment is Sutherland's oldest daughter who has some white puffs on stage with his white schoolmates and they say: "We are the black people of the Republic of South Africa ..." /> Hollywood movie about Hollywood Hollywood - some self-joy - Hollywood, in particular, about the Hollywood movie of Hollywood movies Movie. Now, it's really self-fulfilling. The Fellini (self-playing) scenario is more ridiculous than the painful one. Masarzki throws up the standard flower children and the anti-Vietnam bullshit into the soup, and is also fun in corporate Hollywood, but he / "phony hollywood" (most part of the song from the song in the serial war) segment); He is a Beverly Hills party and he also makes the finny little debate awesome when he does not know anyone or the hands of people who do not like it, but its money is his next (left-wing) project. For his hair: I have seen in a long time (garbage or elsewhere) has the worst hair; It's like the type of long hair that he has a middle aged accountant who has long grown up. The film was very interesting even though it did not have its ambition, but in the third year it was somewhat lost into tedium. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), please contact me by e-mail.
