I've seen Bill Mehr's fan of 15 years in 15 years, but this film is disappointing and sometimes frustrating. In fact, I come from a Catholic, well-educated family and go to church in my own will, perhaps a little bit of the views of Bill. <br /> <br /> The problem of Bill is that he thinks religion is uneven. He is right to document its social aspects, that is, a faith builds on his own holidays, and many wars have been influenced by religion (or, more precisely, by God's ultimate and undoubtedly powerful malice appeal), but he never looked at its positive side. Most obviously, Bill Holliday wanted to hear her and Mother Teresa thought that hell would be slippery before going to the Calcutta slums, who worked with the poor for her poor. She is now dead but can easily visit the Jesuit priest in East LA, which runs the Hambantota industries, where young people are usually taught to teach professional skills, remove their tattoos, society to be responsible members, or study ways to integrate into the world's most economical markets with the world's poorest countries He was able to visit the USC's Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which brought together the world's finest philosophers, diplomats and investment bankers. The cost of living for half the world living in less than $ 1 a day. In fact he does not do that because it's not easy for religion to believe in his predecessors about belief, and it's easy to keep snid, surface jokes. It fits into the other big problem with the film of the bill, which is more than anyone who has either his level or himself or ever. In the film, Maher Cornell Grad spends time with a nondenominational Christian truck stopping truck drivers at the Stop Service, smuggling all the time with a shop frontman's mantra <br /> <br /> In Miami the reincarnation and "holy land "There is an actor who plays Jesus at the theme park. <br /> <br /> In the film of Bill, the PhD religion in the Grand Central Station transforms the brain as drugs, and religion is the fall of tradition on the populace, what kind of serious and questionable interviews with philosophy and theologian professions Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, In the course of the discussion he easily decorated him. C.S. Lewis, G.K. You will not see any serious discussion of the works of the author. You can not find any discussion of any beliefs of Chesterton, or any Papal Encyclical, and the non-Abrahamic non-Jewish (Judaism, Christianity and Islam). You get an image for all his own kind you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a run down from the west side of the LA, who is a snobby elitist and exactly how half of the other half is America's half-gut-level perception. For anyone who knows what the bill is, but for someone who has his genius and influence, this film is less than pathetic. Indie documentaries may be more motivated by any of the older intellectuals of the telobis who are interested in the intellectual type of cattle.
