Like any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you ask me to name a good gangster film, I'd like to choose dozens. If you are asked to name a bad gangster movie, perhaps the first one to be sung in my mind, since I first saw the film, I was disappointed with disappointment and I assure you, for the last time. The film "General" is not associated with the 1926 silent film of the same name. <br /> <br /> "American gangster" (2007) - two superior Mob movies? "General" on real people and real events The film revolves around Irish criminal Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleason), stealing food as a teenager, and stabbing up museums and homes for the elderly. [Citation needed] Meanwhile, Kenny (Jon Voit) inspector Elderly police are one of his offenders and are trying hard to seriously (or kill) to prove it. "Amazing" Goodfellas "(1990) and the first two" Godfather "films, I look forward to a lot more from the" General "but it can be very easily. Boredom and bad scenes work greatly    సమయాన్ని గడపడానికి ముందుగానే ఈ గొప్ప కళాఖండాలను నేను చూడలేదు. ఇది ప్రదర్శించబడుతున్న శైలిని చూడటం ద్వారా చిత్రం నెడతారు ప్రారంభించండి. కొన్ని కారణాల వలన దర్శకుడు జాన్ బూర్మ్యాన్ మరియు సినిమాటోగ్రాఫర్ సీమస్ డీసీ ఈ సినిమాను నలుపు మరియు తెలుపులో చిత్రీకరించటానికి ఎంపిక చేసుకున్నారు, అయితే దాని శైలి మరియు ప్రదర్శన స్పష్టంగా పూర్తిస్థాయి కలర్ ఫిల్మ్ చిత్రానికి చెంది  Items. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, even those made in modern days. "Schindler's List" (1993) is ninety percent of black and white films and is a masterpiece. "General", "Schindler's List" just five years later. Cinematography is also very extravagant and the film is blown out with high lighting keys that give me the quality of the video as much as I just found annoying. Like "Schindler's List" filmmakers are going for a style of realistic documentary, but it looks like a documentary and at the same time a lot more classic-style motion picture. The performances in this movie are poor from what's being performed. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight have been very enthusiastic about their roles, but they have shown me anytime, they are also running from what they're quoting through the scary screenplay. The sound design is also very old, which is an attempt to give a 40-year-old crime-noir appeal, but it also fails, as it is made up of a very contemporary film and is out of place. <br /> But the worst thing that occurs is not one in the movie that I felt any emotions or opinions? The character is not. In fact, every moment of every scene, the idea of ​​going through my head "okay?" Surprisingly or frightened in a better film is now dull and time spent. I did not regret or hate the role of Brendan Gleeson because the way Cahill's character was just flat and dull. Glesson plays just a simple criminal role and does not strike with a real Martin Cahill's apparently impact. If a character dies (they are always in gangster films), we do not feel anything. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We say "what's that?" And that's all I've done during running a whole of this very weak, very poorly made crime movie.
