Written by a woman, and directed by another. Whoppie. We have a feminist ride or what to do. <br /> <br /> This is a smooth trish that works across a person in the employment agency, like your seat belts, women, looks, and dresses like a pentiment (!) and hopes to flap her after some time. In his office he struck out of his boss, heavily Meganomial from Bond, who was captured by her and was ready to kill her with Bond. Some time later the pimp / employee stalks Trish in a ladies' dressing-room, hurts her and comes close to her rape. Oh, these bad, bad men. They are bad, you do not know. Can you not see for a job even when you are not a woman and not a woman? Well, we will show 'em! The film is a divorced women's club or some kind of "men all s ** t" when Janet Leigh, who speaks to all the women involved in the film. She moans about how terrible men are; She was divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman marries twenty times, and then using that statistic as "argument" as "arguments", maybe this explanation may be in other places, or not? She can happen to her: a) her male character's nasty judge, or - too much - b) SHE is impossible to live - her former husbands are probably victims or if they are actually ** holes then she probably has what she deserved. (Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor did not prove this point? Show this to a preferred woman who is often married and I'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars using roller-skates and a ladder.) Trish is ultimately a computer person Meets - but have your horses; This man becomes a married man, so all men proved to be really "bad". Even though she still dies for the old vegetable seller who loves her wife, all male men are "bad" except for males who do not work, so they leave the life of ** holkcaulism and give the honor to women respect. The black person in the employment agency is "bad"; The man in the mortuary was right and right out of the man - and unresponsive (bastard, * kill * * * sniffle * ??) and with this corny, what corny ended? .. court before the court trish her husband's money Before leaving, she was now "free" and she realized that she was finally able to jump into the swimming pool ...? What about it ?? She jumped into the pool - the most predictable - as credits start the character Her friends are shocked by her arguments for money when she begins to kicking in the frame-frozen, life-inspiring I-Dont-Need-Revenge or My Husband-Money Music, but they are quick and surprised by each other about what the Hearty Trishie's attorney will hear about not. The shister advocate is naturally a man. An evil, bad, terrible "bad" man, the only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; Money they care about; They have no high values ​​in life - like shopping. We're so happy with movies like this; They bring gender lines, but most importantly, they teach men and men all the harmful, selfish, skanda-chasing bastards, who refuse to be the first opportunity they get to the world of poverty and mourning. So, the girls hang your mouth into the mouth of your girlfriend. Lesbian force!
