Recently, I have a chance to see the work prints in Kansas City (Olathe, KS). It is difficult to report this art as a lover, the following report, but the truth sometimes hurts, and most clearly after sitting through this trip (I'm here using the slang definition - worthless ads or writing) for an hour and a half, ) Any interested parties feel obliged to share. Start at the beginning, as always, it's a good place to start. The first 15 minutes is not really bad, the laugh couple, and the better development, but it's downhill from there. It's a woman's story, her mid-thirties, that (her writer wants you to believe) is unhappy with her life and is unfulfilled. If you do not know the fact that you are going into the movie first major difficulty, she suddenly thrown in a lot with all the very unkempt and local vendor, in my opinion, you do not know when it's all the risks. A little improvement (not dramatically improved) to justify her actions in her affairs, and when it happens, just as I did, she only feels less moral. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully, they'll let the review pass and post the comment. In my opinion, this is the first serious error of the film. If you're married or always in love, you have rejected it regardless of whether you're male or female. Most frankly, I feel that I've done a much better "blue film" - it's my opinion level of screen play deserving. The second is a malignant error casting, Diane Lane does not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right guy for the job, believe me. Anna Pakvin, the only actress who saves all the films, shines the depths of her ability as a good actress, a subtle and very blunt (I apologize for the contradiction but it's perfect) tells the story of an emerging teen. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to give you the end, but I'm disappointed, it's billing for the romance of life ... but that's the ending ... if you're a player enough to see this film, do not say I'm not alert you, but make sure you look good If celluloid is released, it occurs before I break into the flames for four weeks. I would wait for the video, but most sex education tapes in most video rental offices have more entertainment value. Muff, Dustin Hoffman has produced it, and I think he will learn from Ishtar. The film once took the title "Blows Man" and had to be dropped on the rack. If you ever wanted to go out of the movies in your life, give this 35-40 minutes, the only thing you can do for dancing, To stay in place. It's my two cents, it's worth it.
