I can not believe that this terrible film actually did everything. The worst actors found you, the worst script written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and the worst waste at what ever so far. I will explain the story because it is not really worth it. But I have some of the demonstrations and will definitely explain the story. According to this story, it is hard to believe that the crazy freak of these butts makes her doing what she does. In fact, the wife does not have to be a little bored. The husband can actually see the nipple case. The defense attorney did not break there every court rule and keep doing it after ordering the blankety space to close the judge. And the final outcome of the film is an insult to justice, movie signals and males. Women want the background of this mess to confront a man who is innocent in prison, killing the killers, and protecting the killer and staying away. <br /> About acting: Jordan Lade, the killer, is awful. She was bored to knock me to a tower tonnes (which was allowed in court?), Which was straight at the time of her murder trial. As she batted with her eyes, there was more innocence and I still deny it. She is not even attractive to any man to leave his wife. The husband, who has played a level through Vincent Sponna, looks stupid after a while. He was able to imagine his agility falling into a trap set for all women around him. Holland Taylor has acted as defense lawyer so far. She has acted in the film and joked about justice. Whenever I could ever look at myself, I said I would take her a hike. <br /> <br /> The gentleman in this movie has done their job. But we'll have to start with 1. Let's see movies like this no longer painful. <br /> <br /> This is a postscript: the mistake made to change this exotic movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the bimbo Jordan Ladd I knew I could see it before and it or she did not like it. I did not fix the shaft but I would add my anger to people like Solas Mitchell who wrote screenplay but this terrible film was also directed. Anyone can see that his / her message pays ill. People around illness and killing are ok with this director / writer. Completely male idiots made of idiots. Well, this male victim tells him to go anywhere. We are not that stupid and we speak with your so-called picture that deserves to be trashed in this person's mind. <br /> This loss is shown again. Why ???? Did not you comment on this stupid and deadly image? Did we try to see Bimbo Jordan Jordan again and again? Get her out of TV, movies and attention. In every sense of her word it's just terrible. Intolerance !!!!
