Her Christmas Eve and lazy and obedient housewife della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband. She left her two children in bed and enters into the night for a late shopping spree at her local mall. Where it is impossible to find its busy and a parking space, Della takes a hose at a motorbike in the two places of parks, where she keeps a note away. She returns to the store after visiting the shop, she laughs the owner, they are very angry and want some pleasure, and she has a good security guard to help her, but things are hand-held and guarded, and della's heartfelt masks now flee with the murdered Job, who will burn her , Her car and q Asla loses control, as soon as her toolbox from the trunk to grab her, she hides in a deserted building on the site, but the leader of her from her magic tulbyak "Chuckie" gayaparucukoni the nearby forest areas to escape, she was one of the crew was killed. It gets worse for all involved in a deadly game of night cat and mouse here, it just happens to be black man. A plot similar to the Eden Lake attracted me, but comparisons ended. It is a stupid and dumb picture, scary script and all scary involvement involving all of the Disney-Esquire twin babies, but Lucas Hawk's equally awful husband is given a run for his money like Chowk to take the blues in an unfortunate acting sequence. When Della's cell phone was initially set in the setup, its credit card was canceled by her hubby, she had cash and its Christmas Eve, now I wonder if they go with this? After killing all the cliché bad guys with the contents of her magic toolbox, she only demands Chakki F @ ck as the only surprise piece for this blow, when my jaw is already horrified in these films, is absolutely dropped and hit on the floor. The end is also messed up, all feminist grannies wanting their pound of meat left totally disappointing .. I did not think it could be more disappointing, but then I guillermo del Toro this dust production
