I really do not like to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to the classic 1962 Cape Fear film, but I could not tolerate it. I'm not only a fan of Robert Mitchell and Gregory Peck, but Scorsese comes out of the previous film (the dog is dying from the cody ignition) and Bernard Hermann's score is also a full-fledged film, but I can not think of almost every scene classic Cape Fear I do not have a comparison with a lot of opportunities Vadam not. Compared to Cape Fear's version of Scorsese for the classic version, the remake is destroyed by the classic; <br /> <br /> Now Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick have not remade the 1962 Cape Fear scene, trying to do different things. Unfortunately this is one of the film issues. Max Cody, the original crazy and animal that came out for personal vengeance, "to protect" Max Cody Sam Bowden in 1991 version and his feminine side (his words, mine). Sam's too goofy, Magoo, distrust, and quite unlikable, which also saw the classic Cape Fear film Stand Up and Strong Sam Bowden, 1991 remake. Even Ms. Bowden is a completely different character - she is crazier than Max Caddy! <br /> <br /> The entire story has changed, and Sam does not have evidence against Cady in court to put him in jail like Sam in the classic version I did not hold much on it, but the whole script was also weak. Other sub-plots, without attracting attention from the big picture, are also poorly written. The film also has some frankly absurd scenes and you will be filled with abstract and ridiculous lines that you can not take at least bit seriously. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear is filmed with exceptional lighting. And a powerful effective activity subtlety combined with a barefaced cruelty to distribute the leaks when it is called for the concept of peril and danger across. However, Scorsese did nothing in his Cape Fear, a cookie-cutter film, accidental suspense, suspense scenes and short style of the early 1990s (unless you mimic the fire and skyscraper style). <br /> Yes, there is some gruesome violence and the Cape Fear has tried to make it bigger than the original, but it is empty and not afraid of all the shock. <br /> Not enough, acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (nominated for an Academy Award for his performance) starts out as Max Cady, but he has not got anything at the end of the film but he is scared but he is finally worse. The opposite thing is that Jessica Longy and Mrs. Bowden are going for her performance, going from overacting for most of the film giving an acceptable performance in fear and despair at the end. As Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte is the same as the whole movie: Beige. Juliet Lewis (who stimulates her Academy Award nomination) in the role of Daniel Bowden, but she is called for to play a real stupid role and is really keen on watching her from the screen. <br /> The film is considered one of the few good remakes, and I can not figure out why. I like it. I really did - I mean, if I'm in the remake of Cape Fear, I also like one - but I can not. The original capture and nothing had to do with the distinctive comparison to Cape Fear, and I felt that Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear was actually a very bad movie. Robert Mitchchum and Gregory Peck are the best of their supporting roles.
