First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone with your beautiful, mostly paid cash on the home, and you can not even put on a good shirt? I'm a woman, yes, I'm going to say - something clean, starts with your hair. And when you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Your children buy some presents ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive for 40 minutes to the crowded mall, park your car 3 miles away and shout the whole walk about it, and just wrap the paper wrapping. In addition, the next time you decide to leave a bad note, do not sign your name. I refused to forgive Della. Obviously, Kim Basinger, the executive producer of this work, actually said that you are bad to the poor white blend woman. We get it. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, there is no terrible movies model after your own life. Also, you're in the 50th. You do not have exactly 8 years of twins. And what is that name? Terry and Tommy. Let your children grow at any good opportunity to respect them any time. It is also pretty amazing to hear some of the characters in the movie constantly tell her cute or a "girl" herself ... even clearly telling some of what goes to Sri Basinger script. It's also amazing how no criminals can fight back. Apparently, it is impossible to dodge the magical ninja skills of della. Her driving skills are pretty nifty. This image is so cliche, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They wrote that your name is incorrect in the tea cup. Or you can put a hole on your husband's wall, but when you're at the mall, you will buy nail polish while plasting and painting. Or the woman you went to high school bought the teddy you see. Boohooo! The fact that I was crying and refused to take off the coat coat coat when she was running in the woods breaking everything in her path proves my point - this woman is a moron. Who wants to catch the toolbox from the car, but their purse is full of identifying artifacts like your ADDRESS. "Bad guys" never wanted to succeed when I saw this film. And who has caught a black man at anyone to catch the "African American" shirt? Oh yes, rewind and dinner your eyes are probably too racial stereotypes prop in a movie yet. Do not waste and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, I do not know how to do della ... make sure your children carefully and brush your hair. At the end of that powerful ballad is pretty impressive. In the rain "I'll be home for Christmas" Your bloody arm gets so tightly strapping your wrapping paper gets about it's emotional. Thanks Della!
