While the first blood of the original contains its distant moments, this is the most exciting part. Rambo: First Blood, Part 2 has been transformed into a more comic-book action. Stability is completely rejected; Logic nose-calves; There is no doubt that Stallone will succeed in his mission. At the same time, other wishes-saturating action (eg: Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpian), Rambo: First Blood, Part II abolishes its own possibilities for real enthusiasm by inducing a leader to frighten. <br /> <br /> Do you think Rambo is wiping out hundreds of enemy soldiers? <br /> <br /> The first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone), gave an apology if he reached a secret operation in the Far East. The year 1985, and was set up to find a mission if Vietnam's jungle was still trapped by any American PoWs. He was encouraged to take Rambo's job through his old mentor Colonel Truman (Richard Creanna), but this appointment was originally a form of government dress that faced by Marshall Murdoch (Charles Napier). Rambo job head for a prison camp in the jungle and check if it has any American PoWs? If not, he will be meeting with the chapper; In doing so, he will have photographic evidence for their existence, and they will be saved on the next day. Helping him in his quest is a woman soldier with local knowledge, beautiful and effective coo bayo (Julia Nixon). Rambo learns that there are words in the camp, but did he exceed his orders by protecting one of them? When he reached the point of arrival, the rescue chopper left him on Murdoch's orders and did not really recognize any POW due to political and military attacks. Rambo captured and tortured the enemy, but after an explosion escape he left PoWs and made his revenge on the dangerous Murdoch. <br /> <br /> The stunt team's pure work is a few good points of the film, featuring Jack Cardiff's polished photography, Jerry Gold's delightful score, and various action antics. Beyond these low-string strings, the film fails. Are the actors disappeared as the macho, the plot rings are wrong, the action sequences are sensitive and suspension, the conversation is absurd? Even violence becomes numbingly predictable. At the time of the release, Ronald Reagan was the president of the United States, with a general and near-anti-anti-communist anti-communist feelings. For this reason, the contemporary audience lapped this kamie-bashing shooting-fest, which was transformed into an unauthorized box office success, as the all-time great movie. Thanksgiving changed times Nowadays we can see with a ludicrously high body count, ludicrously dumb politics, and a ridiculous hero like a simple-minded action movie.
