By the rights, there should never be "First Blood Part II". The original script of "First Blood" was done by John Rambo, but he was forced to allow him to live because the producers wanted to sequel, but the test audience was discerning the original end. Nevertheless, the character ended up as the leader of more than eighty films and thought he was too good to waste the role as it was recently released in a fourth release. <br /> <br /> The official title of the film is "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is commonly called "Rambo". This starts with the title role in prison, where he is in compliance with his crimes in "First Blood", although this is not very clear. Colonel Trumpman, his former commanding officer, was dismissed for a secret mission. Rambo returned to Vietnam to investigate reports that American pieces were still being imprisoned by the Communist regime. He is strictly instructive not to try to protect prisoners or engage in hostility; His being is just a fact of revealing the mission. <br /> <br /> Rambo is set up by Trautman, who portrayed him as brave, dignified and invincible, but the organizers did not mission, a military officer named Murdoch. Murdoch feels that the mission proves that there is no American prisoners in Vietnam, as some people can improve their relationship with the American and Vietnamese governments. Unfortunately for Murdoch, Rambo realizes that the Americans are still prisoners and they are also kept in hellish conditions. In fact, the hero who left them for their fate has many people and tries to save them. The rest of the movie is Rambo and one or more tall fighting between some of the Allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and bad team soldiers and their Russian allies. I am amazed to learn from your "trivia" segment of the total number of deaths, but most of the bad messages die until they die. Vietnamese army when trying to wipe off the sumo of Rambo. <br /> <br /> The tone of this film is very different from the first. His first charge of "first blood" Rambo is a culprit, although his responsibility for his crimes is severely interrupted and his mental instability is reduced. In "Rambo" he is good for all American heroes. Years later, director George Pan Cosmatos, "Cassandra Crossing", made a piece with a biased anti-left American campaign. However, Cosmatos is not polished and has proven that his right to partial bias in favor of "Rambo" is also moving his hand to pro-American propaganda. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" has its shortcomings, but it also has its properties. Some have argued that the anti-war movement was responsible for the problems of Vietnam drugs in the study of civil life, but controversial, but at least war, social perspectives about war, and the origins of violence in society. By contrast, "Rambo" has very little properties, and that action is enough to try to correct the scenes correctly. It is still a sort of jingoistic revenge fantasy for Americans who are sore about the Vietnam War. The only battle that fights the war with Rambo, and wins right at this point. Charlie Kong! <br /> At this stage, no doubt, film admirers (and more than 2,000 voters have already given ten stars) have confirmed that I am a liberal kamie-beloved piado. Far away - in fact, I always hate Communism as a destructive ideology. It is not politics that I do not like about the movie, but the solution to all problems, including all theoretical disputes, solving all the problems, trying to fire all the guns and try and kill as many as possible. It did not make any effort to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or that everyone in the region is not suitable for America. For all of its anti-communism, film communists are very good at excluding Imperialism revisionism and are unlikely they are responsible for all the world's problems of capitalism, or that they are some sort of moronic heavy hammer campaign. Compared with "Rambo", "The Green Berets" is an academic part of political analysis. 3/10
