The worst over-the-top action adventure, the first Blood Part II, appeared to face America's mood when it was released in the 80s, with Wright-Reg Reninism and intense red-red feelings still not completed, a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of 'Evil Empire' The emergence of these films will soon be recurring Reagan also agreed with this sincerely. <br /> In this sense, the support of the renegotiation agreements with the US or his policies of "glasnost" or the restoration of democracy back to Eastern Europe in the backyard of the former Soviet Union is also very grateful to "Gorbbe". The folly of the fierce war-fight stunts with folly and passion. The first version of the movie is very small, yet there is a lot less literate and not enough action hero. In the sequel, in close cooperation with the Americans who have suffered a sense of Senseel, Rambo will take the score of the Vietnamese and Russian forces that are uncontrollably alone to defend the American paw after ten years of war. <br /> <br /> Many Americans are in a fantasy and why they have lost the battle, but they have still lost the business and have almost killed each other with the robot-hero heroes. <br /> <br /> It is a superman / Spider-Man can be entertaining at the level, but sin is all played well. But there is no humor in the movie Ukovadam not. Sin is virtually all random varieties. Although the scenes of actions are technically sufficient, they will never have a short term bit of infidelity or contract because they are always the most spectacular <br /> <br /> Despite the explosives, grenades, pistols, and tons of rounds around, our hero Rambo is always There are some cuts and injuries). Among turbulence, there is a strange clichés and bans on what is in a script. Stalin, co-authored by James Cameron (a long time ago from the novice terminator), was intentionally told in Rambo's sensible English, and he just came out with his own brand Puyos, which he just understood and came out with the mayonic grunts. Cameron with his colleague thinks about the terminator again, the main character! In this sense Rambo is even lesser than a terminator! The rest of the cast is better with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Creanna, making their best of hackned conversations, and Steven Berkoff is very badly involved with his Russian KGB / Red Army villain roles. Berkof's overwhelming pleasure is less enjoyable, but not remotely polite. How could the Berkog's electric shock be able to survive the killing of the Red Army Kumble? Well, loyalty is not a strong point of the film. It's the comparative fantasy of the winner of OZ. That means at least one fantasy, and an immortal classic turned it out. It's only a classic, very tedious, and really dangerous, kind of. And for the majestic speech of Sai ..., unlike hypocritical after killing all the people, by the way, the same year, he also made Rocky IV. <br /> <br />
