The seemingly endless image that really deserves a zero rating. The campus seems simple enough: a girl interested in studying Yentl, Talmud, wants to go to school. But after the death of her boy she decides to hide her as a boy, and she becomes close friends with her agigodor who is married to a beautiful woman named Hades. The family of Haidas finds that Avidore's brother committed suicide and leaves the marriage. Yant, now calling her Ancel, is selected to marry Hades. She does but it's not perfect. Antal / Ansel and Avigdor go for a few days, and Antel / Ancelel secretly reveals himself. <br /> <br /> The film ends, if Avdadar Hades returns and (and marries?) Haddas, and Anthl as he goes to America, she continues her studies. For a movie over 2 hours, but there are many things to destroy it. There is a constant song for starters. (I can already hear the critics cry.) Yes, I know this is a musical so I can do lots of songs and dance numbers. But if the film was directed and without them, it improved. The songs have become tough after a while, and a dance does not have as much dancing as expected. Songs are very unforgettable, no real memorable literature, and any emphasis can easily be replaced by voice-over. Only one song from the rest of the songs, "Papa Ken Yue Here Me". Streisand has a reason to show her vocal abilities every five to ten minutes so it is obvious that most others are deliberately placed. Chances are that this film already has an amazing singer and actress who she'll be familiar with, so the songs are not really necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, the Stessand's makeup, when a person (lipstick, better lashes, and blush's traces are all apparent) is seen by her scenes, it is an intense / anchor character for the audience, she is really intense, and her new She is a man who deceives friends, colleagues, and hadas. But we are asking and it is a great deal. It seems that her role is contrary to what she does not think, or she does not think she will sing, but she seems to have betrayed everyone, because she is wearing men's clothes. This means that we believe that other characters are very naïve, so that other differences, such as her actions, can not be seen. The lone facial differences are not included because the other characters in the film have stated that other male relatives or friends have some beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, when a woman dressed as a man, wearing more decoration as Straitsham's character, and she tried to look like a man only for wearing men's clothes, because she was wearing a male dress, it was unacceptable and outrageous. Chances are that she must go out of town or the country. Thus does not borrow the credibility of the "feminine" makeup character on Straitsand, and the plot can weaken. If Streisand is applied only to make it look more beautiful, it must be canceled. <br /> <br /> Third, when Ettel / Anselle reveals the person she really is at the end, the other characters are not soft of strips and they are only a little clever when they learn "truth". <br /> <br /> The whole plot is still more visible to date so far that the strazand is not more than a suitable vehicle for fuel. <br /> Lastly, the fans of Streisand will find any mistake in the film, its story, or songs. Be respectful of them. When she has excellent vocal and acting abilities, I'm not singing "the fan" of her style. Nevertheless, she has enjoyed a lot of fun with many other music features. There are some songs that I like, so I'm not an "adversary" or confused her. I have written this review in a sincere perspective, from their best efforts to see the film - several times - even within the problems identified. If interested in creating a great or reliable image, she did not have to show here how to show and inject every need to prove how talented, beautiful and smart at every turn every turn. The film wounds her abilities, making her look self-absorbing, making her a fun-laughing experience for her fans or audiences.
