Michael Williams, who works for BBC, finds something impressive Italian film which combines the ongoing task of entering his DIABOLICAL ART: A Documentary. But her daughter, Emily, was mentally disturbed from the secret death of his wife, so he goes to Spolleto where she and her nanny have a problem with Jill. And also a countess who was a mentally, and informed him that she was making something that night was executed by a young witch named Emilia. Michael did not believe her story, but then Emily had a historical slaz and Jill was killed ... This Italian film was, of course, almost innocently influenced by EXORCIST, but it was very cheap, very simplistic, and feeling too dirtier. First of all, you should say that this film is confusing. For example, Emily shows that this story is a rebirth of Emily. But when Emily saw her, she realized herself from her third person's opinions. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia, she must see Emilia's opinion but nothing from the past. There is a lot of film, this particular chaos, almost exclusively based on its own semi-freudian theme, that is, to describe the one-way incestuous desire of the teenage girl, based on an enigmatic fact that the film is very cowardly and cowardly. To make matters worse, this feature is also a feature issue (if not in confusion); Each character is very innocent and helpless as a real and / or believable life man. About Emilie (or Emilia), after she is a child, she is hard to blame her for her fame and helplessness. (And in the Freudian doctrine, every girl wants her father to be in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not specifically diagnosed, but her way out of love with her father is the only problematic, excluding other women. As I have already said, Freudian is very cowardly.) The problem is that adult characters A child like Emily, and innocent and helpless. And because of this trait weakness can not do anything down to Earth as anything supernatural who can almost see everything, and the same weakness is a bad escapist way out of the story. In addition, the special effects of this film are very cheap and ludicrous. Although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is pretty noticeable (in fact it is worth only one), the whole film is only 1970s'- Italian-horror-film lovers.
