American TV programmaker Jack Jardine (Matt Bolenghi) is an MTV-style film crew of Surfer 'Dudes', both his cameraman, Australian Cecile (Kate Fischer) and Bore Hall (Docs Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West), some somewhat lovely looking island, It does not reveal where it actually is. The latest craze in extreme sports has prepared a staff plan to reveal the obvious "blood surfing". Surfers threw the bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks and see if they would eat it without eating them. Once there they were greeted by Sony Lofranco (Chris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the exact location flows them into lilo-ke's shark basins. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmia (Maureen Larrjälball) took them on their boat. Sunny, Melba and Lemmaya, who shot some 'blood surfing' footage soon after killing a 30-foot saltwater crocodile, some say that the island belongs to the island. The boat sank. Jack, Cecilia, Bog and Jeremy Island are on the island, at which time the rescue party comes. However, after running with some people, I do not know what they are doing well. Pirates? Drug traffickers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who just do not like being with other people? Who knows? And especially who cares? I'm not sure. However, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regierre) and his Girl Artie (Tarane Reef) as they take off the island's shore. The movie crew is believed to have been saved. Some people know that crocodile and captain Dirks are back and he has a score to settle, and four members of the film crew do not stop him. <br /> Captain Dirks Lilo-Kay heads back for the final showdown with giant man eating crocodile. <br /> <br /> James D.R. Hikox is an awful movie, but it is still not like Tobey Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this film sucks. The script written by Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, 30 minutes before the crocodile did not appear or indicated, and I was deeply frustrated by that and levy by Bernard. The whole movie horror film will die in the first 10 minutes of familiarity with the characters and stock characters, and imagine who will survive. The crocodile effects seem awful and over and over and over again, apparently the water splashes become huge and it has a small handwork head who has eaten anything within controlling movements! Crocodile CGI shots are plain trouble to see. When a piece of paper is dissolved in half, using the CGI to dilute the actors' legs digitally and there is no gore difference when it appears again. There is also a brief scene when somebody is hit on wooden canes when they set up a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus feminine actresses are nice and easy for the eye. The film has basic continuity and logical flaws, in a manner Cassily Bohg and Jeremy are filming 'Blood Surfing', but is it time physically impossible to get both her sharks and surfers out of the angle and distance from her, and the absolute point of her shot? While moving the Dirks Harp to the crocodile, the chord shifts dramatically change between the shots, and the angle is completely different, the angle is completely different and it looks like the sky coming from the sky. In fact, the water is coming from the surface of the water when it is added to the back of the boat. Will I be inclined to do so in this film? Because if the image is too light it will jump from the edge of a cliff? But if I list everything that is wrong with this image I will probably exceed 1000 term limits, so I can not. I hated this movie, but scarily it's not as bad as Tobey Hoopers hard work at a big crocodile film. Definitely one to avoid.
