The film starred in 1930, Jack Pearl (Radio's "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante completely forgotten actor. Nevertheless, after 7-1 / 2 decades, it was mentioned as a three-stooges film, because they only figure in the film that identifies the average person on this day. <br /> <br /> For the Stuges, the movie that was there in the very early days - what to do with MGM is the team in advance. At this time, they were called "Hayley Frontman" as "Ted Hayley and his Stooges". Luckily for Stooges, they immediately have this nasty and rather untalented man (read him - you see what I mean) and the rest is history. In one year, they made very successful shorts for Columbia, and they soon started kicking off the MGM's executive team. This kind of thing is that MGM, a great studio, does not know what to do with comedy (Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Castello and others). In fact, until they moved to Columbia, MGM put them in a number of odd film roles - starring in the dance lady with Clark Gable and Jon Crawford. And, unusually, they did not act as a band in the film - like Larry, playing the piano, made various supporting roles! <br /> <br /> The African jungle with Pearl and Durante in this unique film. When they are rescued and brought home, the structure of the film is different from the film, and the film turns into a variety of different performances - a punctuation with the scenes here and here. For Pearl, he has a slug personality (he is a little less welcome), I really could see why he never changed the films successfully. For Durante, I never knew what he saw in public - at least as far as his movies were concerned - he was loud and ... loud! MGM Buster Keaton took time off from helping him destroy the career to make this film. <br /> Pearl and Durante are based on the verbal humor (?) and Wadeville-style routines, which are very flat. <br /> <br /> Stooges in this movie is not the right chemistry yet. Moy is doing the job in their next films. What they did in this film is pretty good, but because all the sections are small, they quickly returned to the camera and back to allow them to get their routines really. Stooges fans may be too disappointed with this, while Die Hard fans can see this though they can see Stooge everything and fulfill their lifelong goal - even decomposed Joe DeRita and Joe Besser pictures (Oh, and they are <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is very dull and There are a couple of interesting things to see in the mess, at about 13 minutes mark, you can change the tour in a bus Another extraordinary thing that appears in the film is that it starts at about 22 minutes on the song "Clean as a Viole" which clearly shows the production code 1934 (after the production code is strengthened) ) Is a "pre-code" slim that is not allowed in later movies   వేశానికి ఒక ఉదాహరణ. టైటిల్ లో పదం "క్లీన్" ఉన్నప్పటికీ, మాంసం మా చూపిస్తున్న నగ్నంగా మహిళలు చాలా titillating సంఖ్య - ఉద్దీపన తగినంత కానీ నిజంగా ఏదైనా చూపించడానికి తగినంత కాదు! నేడు చూసినప్పుడు ఇది చాలా దిగ్భ్రాంతికి గురైంది, అయితే 1930 లలో ఇటువంటి అతిక్రమణలు చాలా సాధారణమైనవి. Finally, at the 63-minute mark, see the race ties set for Jimmy Durante for decades. Look at this movie, I'll see you!
