A young girl lives with her father and brother in the rural areas. The little girl Rosalie has some mental tendencies that open her cats to some kind of cemetery in the cemetery, and she recently went to her crazy but was alive and enjoyed staying in the woods at night. There is a new young woman coming to Rosalie to look after her in the premise of the film. While driving, she was introduced to the evil in the woods and imagine the suspense here that she was stopped by her on the tracks as a big blue barrel was lying next to the hill. From there she goes to the nearest house and finds Ms. Whitfield, then goes on a detailed amount of Rosalie and her family. Mrs. Whitfield believes that he is proud of the role. Well, the young woman meets with the child and we soon learn that she is strange but everyone in the picture is as well as very hideous. They all share an acting student, none of them ever heard about acting school. None of these people can work - either of them is clearly visible or seen in advance - they have a small feeling of what's going on, pauses to remember lines and believe in a paper bag. With this horror piano music slowly crescendoing at the director's plods here and supposed to be scary there. It takes us a while before killing our friends by organisms, but I do not care for that moment. The killings are not persuaded either, and the whole hand of the truth is where someone will come together with the people of their friend and with things there. All Rosalie does not know a shark about why or why this is especially a mask mask. Cheap can not even begin to explain the budget here. It is mainly home to some old farm houses and some rooms in the end and in the woods. Someone gave a couple of old cars to the director. What kind of special effects and minimal makeup. There are many guffles / ludicrous moments in the list, but I'll list some here because they do not have an aptitude from the most creative creative forces: 1) he is "slain". Len is bitten by him and can see his fat stomach alive. 2) The dying scene at the end of the killing actress Rosalie. She seems to be listening to her commands and takes her sweet time into consideration. 3) Roaslie's father is about a man who gave us a cranky poor man Andy Griffith. The scene where he laughs about the scandalous boy scouts is a strange owl. Child is really a bad movie and you're also bad for 70's cheese standards. It is not a B film, but producing Harry Noach almost does not make some money as an Z movie.
