It was one of those films that normally appeared in "4am Movie", or one time, at 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another in the Creation Double Feature in the early 1970s. .Washing local local channels have been implemented as part of their local programs (mostly over the infomercial time today). It's time. Extraterrestrials are a couple of soldiers (the remaining half of the Army Surplus) of Abbott and Castello Warnabiz (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) who sent some of the strange radiations, and sent on the plain surface to erupt. They first move into the Branson Canyon, then act as a famous batke on Batman and face the remnants of the dead "carrot monster". Later, in the cave they are followed by a living carat creature-black suit and a man on the paper pulp head, and open the eyes of the pin-pong ball. Two of them are full-geeks, ray and ball-tables and tables wrap up and empty "amazons" by Dr Poona (nooo funny!) And "examined" by Professor Thanga who is stunningly beautiful and moreso in their skimpy bikini. We're at a very young age at that time, and realize what slavery and fetish scenes are more than what the "test" scene suggests. <br /> <br /> These two giles and their carrot monster were trapped on the ground, and they repulsed their world with a hidden shield. <br /> <br /> Remember the movie is a comedy flavor but remember that from the Frankie and Annette movies, Eric van Zipper and his band B-film are the tallest time of drive-in comedy. So it's natural to jump on the band for some quick bucks. <br /> <br /> I thought I would expect to start this film. No, I really saw it. And when I released it on a "renewed" DVD, I assured you of my memory. Comedy is from a funny funny to just plain stupid, but whatever. Budget does not exist, it's a little miracle when you think of it, it's also made and can talk about a "restored" version here and now 40 years later. Girls who want to learn about "love" and "kiss" payment, and geeks-it's all of us-girls and love wins. It's just nostalgic importance, for goofy and crazy and positioning.
