Va BAM! Someone absolutely does not need this silly script for a motion picture then devour the acid-mushroom whole truckload and then! Author Howard Cohen expanded the concept of "Sword & Witchcraft" with a pair of extra S, sex, sexiness, sex and sheer folly! This is not just a movie, it's the dream and fantasies of every child's wrong behavior! The pigs (!), Life-sized pigs (!), Deadly hairstyles, muscle bodies with hidden oils, multiple sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments-to-the-death, delirious witches, slicing, funniest villains and breasts, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstocker" literally glows with its clear character-model "Interran: The Barbarian", which comes in handy for cheese and sheer. The story is clear, has little significance. Lone and Guy (only he does not know yet) goes to a mission, ordered a annoying witch, to collect the three brutal elements of the warrior deathstalker creation? Or something like that. A sweet lady that does not seem to be a big support of the concept of bras - but last but not really - On his journey he combined forces, with a dwarf human being and he is even gayer than last. Together they eventually head for the evil Munkar kingdom where they will participate in a warrior tournament and conquer two less than three items. Munkar is an impressive harem of tattooing on his skull and baldness with a web of half spider and also makes an impressive oil shake envy. Well, granted, "Deathstalker" is a pretty damn awful and sometimes even undeurable movie. Fight sequences are sluggish and costumes and make-up are obviously difficult. For a moment, when looking at the opening sequence, I was actually afraid of watching "Trolley, prequel". The monsters look very funny and full of pose, but if you're in an undemanding mood it's entertaining fun. I thought it was not a favorite among feminists, since there was a whole lot of women's filming. Most gals work particularly eye-candy in drought. They crawl over the ground and roam around in the mud, but it is forbidden to open their mouths. Both "prominent" ladies (Barbie Benton and Lana Clarkson) are gruesome - in all honesty - they are rarely referring to their continuous exposed racks.
