I was looking through a Hollywood video last night with a friend to find a horror movie to look good on New Year's weekend. When I looked through the shelves, "severed" had my eye, and I caught it from the shelf and looked like a good B-grade horror film. The cover is great. This plot is partially interesting. I rented it. What's wrong. Do not be fooled by the cover, it looks really good. I am thinking of spending more money than the movie. The film follows two police detectives, a traditional serial killer known as the Voodoo-inspired, "Seahead Hunter", guarding the victims and some unnamed city (probably Los Angeles), and they are his customary murder of the world. <br /> <br /> Is the story sound good? Well, it is, and this film is half good. But good God, it's bad! Almost everything is ridiculous about it. In the opening scene, this huge, old cell phone has some kind of actress in the car trying to talk, and for whatever reason she goes out and speaks with some people. Then, a shadow falls on their head hacks, and the girl drops to the ground and begins to crawl (completely without reason) trying to dial 911. Sound comedy Yep, you bet it. It's a whole picture, and I feel like it's filmed in a VHS-quality camera. Acting was more awful and special effects were reliable. The scenes with police on the phone were terrible - the voice over the other line echoed, and it was heard that one was recorded in the bathroom. Everything about this film is just naive and tedious, and it does not have my interest for a long time, and I found myself frustrated and tired, because I often had bad acting and terrible cinematography. Pacing is bad. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Suffered" is a failed attempt to do a good B-movie. The plot is good and if the film is well organized and high budget, it may be alright. But this film fell flat on the face of it. If you are expecting something better semi, you'll be deeply disappointed. Only recommend if you can tolerate D-Grade horror flicks. Otherwise, you may want to stay away from this straight-to-video trash. It's a little capable, but it's beyond confusion. 1/10.
