I have more movies for two hours. On the other hand, I wish more American Civil War films to be merry for two hours. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - about the length of what I expected; However, both of them enjoyed at least two hours of entertainment. <br /> <br /> In contrast, the image of Ang Lee is dull and unpredictable. It actually feels like it takes less than two hours. That is not a compliment. It is no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: it feels that it's never ending, it seems to have taken no time. <br /> <br /> Film is a bad foot, we play his end credits over the early footage (bad mistake) in which some characters will introduce. We do not like an instant and come to hated later. Central American Jack, son of Lincoln's strong supporters, the son of German immigrants, and Jack, whose values ​​are equivalent to Jake's share of the narrow south. (I've read back that sentence to make sure it does not have "jack" instead of "jack".) Two rebel booths who are stronger after the southern governor - who can not get to join the official Southern Army, I think they feel for sissies. I'm losing myself there. It's easy for the moral errors. If we have some independent cause or they feel something they know, then their ethical disadvantages will give us more attention. Not here. We did not introduce Jake for at least an hour; His psychology is absolutely immitative - when we have it, it becomes obvious that he is an unreasonable wart of a man who can not be confederate by a lot chosen by habit. People with whom he is affiliated are just as bad or just as bad. I encourage you whenever I see the Northern Cavalry screen. I thought: good - kill the insurgents, finish the damn battle, let me go home. <br /> <br /> The intimidation of this problem is a terrible, terrible conversation. Everyone speaks whining southern slang. I heard the sounds from the English-speaking world and this is the worst of all. I do not care if the Southwest really speak such words, it's not okay to listen to the audience for two hours. And believe me, we do not hear it for the full two hours: Lee's image is a talkie, because they take a long time to tell what they mean their ungrammatical, say-everything-three times, folksy drawee. This helps if they talk fast, but not much. <br /> <br /> The film is small but it is not uninterested in the inner life of a gallery of uncomfortable characters, speech, who often do not have enough bathing, who are involved in the war. Good points? The Jewel is nice to look, and the scenery. But I also have complaints here. Cinematography is well documented, as if painted by someone with a colorful image for black and white; And like Jewel, we have teased with her body, but in fact it will be allowed to gaze on it, which I think is at least.
