** SPOILERS ** This is an ugly picture, and I'm sorry I saw it. Like Jan Kounen's Dobermann, it suffers mostly from poor editing - or lack of. The director seems to be in love with his work, instead of cutting the film to keep your attention, he added with footage shot. Perhaps the whole movie has two cool scenes. One of them is Spinler * Benny's head when the camera revolves around him. That's cool - but okay, we got it! Please smile! The camera does not circulate around this guy! బహుశా ఒకటి లేదా రెండు మరింత చల్లని సన్నివేశాలను నేను ఈ లోతైన లోపం గురించి మర్చిపోయాను, కానీ గత ద్వంద్వ దృశ్యం వాటిని ఒకటి కాదు! Unlike the previous knife-handling scenes, Shanio was not masked - but the director could not find a similar stuntman because Annano Tadanoob went ahead with him and knocked out 80% knife clashes with sharp upside-ups! And all from the same perspective, I can add. Bullet-Train Ninja 1995 movie The Haunted! I personally saw the village attack scene as a tribute to the social workers of the previous generation who were facing police violence during their college years. రాజకీయ మైన మైనారిటీ అయిన సోషలిస్టులు మరియు కమ్యూనిస్ట్ల బలమైన ప్రభావం కారణంగా, జపనీస్ మీడియాలో సాధారణమైన సందేశాన్ని అర్థం చేసుకోలేని ప్రభుత్వం యొక్క అధీకృత మరియు సాయుధ విభాగానికి అమాయకత్వం అణిచివేసిన పరిస్థితి ఉంది. Man in the film versions of the GTO and the salary of two other recent examples of kintaro * SPOILER * I did not understand the ending. I can not understand that people who speak cinema do not appreciate the valuable thing in this regard. The film comes to an end <br /> <br /> Marketing is very bad, it is a different explanation of the concept of the epic between sanayo and bennikila. But that legend is not very popular in Japanese folklore and isolated from contemporary elements, and when the director plays visual techniques asking for how to understand the story back to him for 138 minutes! Crazy Lips Director Saaki Hirohisa had a tendency towards the new Japanese directors to ignore Japanese audiences and their films aimed at foreign film festivals to make international film festivals. While these tasks do not make sense, the type of international film festival is the introduction of what kind of films are made in other countries-what kind of people are watching. Definitely not Gozo and like.
