Well, where to start? I started with a simple complaint about the way I sold this movie. I do not know how to get to know about the book of Shahenba. I do not blame the documentary on the basis of the film and the film from the title and from this film, even if I decided to live in a kind of rock. The description in the box makes note of the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion that tells the book. Yes, I felt very stupid after seeing this little movie to see why a little poses sitting in the first place was "The Modern Teenager Tale." I mean, I would like to cover the fact that the film is very creepy and the truth of the tribal tribals. I definitely do not expect an hour and forty five minutes of an old geezer kissing his own ass by whining about every disappointing and every little detail of his worn life. <br /> <br /> I did not expect that I would be directing it and I did not expect that I would be laughing at Tobinas Sneenib and especially his reputation. <br /> <br /> Shenyang is actually impossible. While the old story is not just an interesting character to portray the whole picture and fill a story, the whole picture makes his personal story. Is it really ok? Is he not a manslaughter? Ninety percent of the film is focused next to nothing about Schneebaum's dirty past. Tobia finally broke his small silent treatment in what happened in Peru and we can see only some of the cannibalistic acts when he says "a small part". It folks. Ninety minutes after the Bull and Tobias Shenybam was a cannabis three inches. Just as it is a movie called "Life of a True Don Juan", the main character in the movie is simply "just a tip." <br /> <br /> The directing story is bad for directing, because there is no stream or rhythm. Correctly, I understand that before I saw his celluloid story, I did not read Snakebom's volume, but I still find it difficult to edit bad passing. One minute he talks about sneaky bump cruises ships and tourism, and then talks about how he's going and how he can not drive and about some dead cousins ​​or to talk about some failed and traumatic saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can slam the story behind at least the first part; Following certain things that cover his homosexuality, should Peru end up with a heartfelt look on his tour? Also: I do not particularly care for Schneebaum's insipid small quips on life and living, but I have an old man impler to keep his ramblings fixed at least. I do not expect sudden bitch and agony about what I wanted to go back home after twenty minutes if he heard a man talking about how he prefers life in the forest. <br /> Another note on directing is the random clips from the story of small television shows that our protagonist found. When some stories appear to be a little bit of fancy from the fancy story, the director fills the story and breaks his whole picture into pieces, trying to make many attempts to tell the story with the old movie. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, here, is a fraud in Tobias Shenyang. Pure and simple. I know I did not read the book, but I'm holding it in the argument that this film is absolutely ineffective by saying that the film is good enough to stand out. This documentary is based on the assumption that the director is already an avid fan of Schneebaum work and goes out of that sense, such as an accessory disc that appears on a DVD. Schneebaum is both proud and bitchy, striking a sour combination when combined with the fact that his story is unusual riveting. If you're looking for a solidity on the nature of human beings and cannibalism, turn away, because "keep the river on your right" is a funny, self-service, with an impulsive self-service to the person who is too late for the jacket.
