Besides being another young man in Valentine's, this is not a work to prevent a sub-style of horror films over the past decade or so. I say anything from Halloween to promo knight to previous previous horror movies, including everything up to Carrie, and I'm hearing so many people complain that people complain as hateful hate hate-it is so blatant that it's not impossible to rip off. At the beginning of the film, the punched bowl on the head of the Jeremy's head is very clear as they are from the movie ("Hey everyone, this director, and the following is my carry-rip-off scene!"). <br /> <br /> Each other Goofy Teen Thriller is constructive and we start to see some girl briefly in the beginning, she kills, old Oh-ka The problem is that the director and writers are clearly and honestly want to keep the film mysterious and pathetic, but they do not know how to do it.Jason Take, for example each Each one is checked by the date of what is given and the short history of how bad he is In addition to one of the first characters to appear in the film, he was taken to the poor Jeremy by this disappointingly arrogant man who filled herself, he took some importance.Along with that, and more importantly, he had all the same characters that little boy was terrified in the sixth grade, and that Secret Valentine's Day cards are all the same characters signed at the bottom . <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for audiences to deliberately and sometimes successful as one of the major suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of the work, but a good example of successful work. Sure, I thought for a while he might well be a killer, but that's not the point. We knew he was initially scared with the women who met the boy, but in the middle of that movie he was a party, laughing at both of the main girls and then giving them a hateful look and walk away, without any explanation from the party and the disappeared movie. <br /> <br /> He already knew that he was a cardboard character, but his role in the film was very low, and they removed him completely when they finished with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the real fact of the killer, in fact, unfortunately, yet another rip-off, it's hard to guess at least a subtle way. In the beginning of the film, Shelley pointed to the knife when she was stabbed with a scalpel in the killer, which he did not have any sound, and the killer suggested that a woman would be silent rather than exposed herself rather than everyone else. But for the rest of the film, we just have this quiet, relentless, unmanned killer with the emotional mask and the biggest butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who seems to have some difficulty with the girls in the sixth grade, with all the respectability) is influenced by Halloween influence. This is absolutely unnecessary, because he understands how well this picture is. The only difference between Valentin and Michael Meyer's killer is that Michael's mask is very effective and he does not bother with nose. This thing is shameless. <br /> <br /> 'He's Kate, having his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know he's been a killer all along Adam's nose starts with bleeding. Nothing in the film suggests that he may be a murderer until the final action, and these unexplained noses are not exactly correct to identify the real killer at the end of the picture. Valentina was not scary (after midnight I watched in the empty room and I was scared for the dark as I could remember and I was not scared), and if the characters could be careless they were not clear that they would simply die. I'm reminded that I would be attracted by the theater previews (though the battle is faster than the battlefield), but the final result is the same old thing.
