Wow. With this film watching today, you can not help with the writing of this film but you do not have to worry. Spencer Tracy and Lorretta Young, in the "The Jerry Springer Show" - can play a couple in modern times, because of a sick and abusive relationship ... And unexplained writers seem to have accepted it! <br /> <br /> The film starts with the poor and destitute Loretta, and the ropes are shown by the non-poor Spencer Tracy. He shows her how much she can do with less money and how she will be in her shack. It is not clear whether they are married - and it is thought of as code before and they may not think they're not even though they're living. Their relationship is very strange ... and ill. When Tracy asks her about her actions, he is verbal abuse and a whole jerk --- and Young walks again for some kind of dogs. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and using this illness, endemic to his way! Later, when he starts fooling around with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her girlfriend that if she wants what she wants, it's ok with her !!! It's definitely a sado-masochistic relationship smacks and you can not help but feel a bit frightened. Sure, he did not beat her but the relationship is irrelevant. When young is pregnant, it says, "It's your baby and this is mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take all the blame on it". Boo! Not all of this is a bit like looking at a sick and dysfunctional house by a peppole? Later, in imitating the life of the art, Tracy proves what kind of man he is and disappears. After all, he could bear with a baby - even if it was his. But he decides to change his mind and return home. Wow ... it bit him! And, when he comes back, he is scoundrel and he acts like IF, he is not responsible for the kid's kid! And, she tells him that he is "free like a free man ... a bird"! Wow, I was almost tired at this pale moment ... no! Soon, this crazy couple is married ... and, naturally, the young is discouraged because he has been up to it to fit him - not because of any love or responsibility. So how can you save anything of this sort of ill characters? What do you do Well, for the authors, they commit a robbery to help Tret immediately pay brat! The romantic elements of the film are not worth the least! At the time of the robbery, the behavior of the Tracy chip - not nearly do anything to caution - almost as hoping he was secretly sent to jail. <br /> <br /> While there is a majority in the film, Tracy is a jerk, and the bottom line is an idiot in the Young film. Despite the two good actors, the authors did not say exactly what had been done with this trash. Nice music, nice sets, good acting ... and script 100% poo. The film does not currently rate how it is 7.4 and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure awful of the characters. <br /> Oh, and if you get a spine on the film or at least a bit stronger, Loretta wondered if there was no answer! <br /> In the end, she did not learn anything and did not change a song for the better. <br /> They certainly can not use movies ... in this case ... thanks to God!
