Spoilers might have !!!! Last night I saw this movie on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which did not show quality movies. This picture is amazing! It's terrible, I'm amazed seeing the whole thing. Which film will have more stereotypes? (The home of the Catholic family, Mexican Worces, a softie at heart is really bad living accents in every room that is shown by the "bad" person in large room with big crucifix, priest's sons, doctor, Catholic family who loves the Catholic mother) I first realized that I had never heard of this film and after seeing Cheryl Polac and Corin Nemak, I decided to stay awake until 4am. However, the only thing that relies on the film is the beauty of Madechen Amik. I suppose Polak's and Nemec's performance is okay, but they have a terrible script to work on. Unlike the other critic who commented on the absence of Texan voices (there was a hole in Austin, and a lot of people had a hole) that I had the voices (supporting characters like Mary Margaret Date and John) were unnecessary. They are also very bad. I'm very tired of the hollywood "southern" voices, which means that there is no nature from that voice. I thought it was not expensive because it happened in Austin and shooting movies in 1991, because I thought I'd have the town's familiar shots: the beautiful Capitol building, lit for UT Tower football game, none of which. Also, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive from Austin to Mexico. At one point in the film, Michael and his Posea were able to drive their virginity for Mexico and run out of darkness (during the summer and early in the evening at 9 o'clock in the evening), to drink alcohol in Mexico and having sex with Mexican (what other kind?) Break And then return to Astin by Dan. This is theoretically possible, and this is not quite possible. And anyone can not wear their letter jackets unless they want to go out of the hot stroke (usually school started in the third week of August, but in September 1960). ! August and September are 90 + degrees in August and September. Only those who have school body temperature are stupid enough to wear wires or letter jackets on the first day of school. All in all, make for most TV movie experience.
