** Spaniers is a sexy and mid-age golden-digger Isabelle Collins who is a bit smokers made for TV movie, Susan Tucula, making every man figure in her film that comes in contact. <br /> <br /> Isabelle's first victim is her absurd but not the other person, their first time at their hearts, their wallets and later, when she is no longer used, her husband Stewart, John O'Harley, did not replace his bank account. When Isabelle was very friendly with the former plumber, and now the seller Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, signed a contract with Richard, who was so dear to his beloved husband's love, without really telling him. Shortly after the former convict was released from jail, Stuartt discovered that Diggett, Nicholas Campbell, paid $ 15,000.00 immediately to pay for Richard's job. /> <br /> Getting a little greedy daggett has revealed Stewart's brains, but Stewart has only taken a solid gold watch to give him his life. The watch easily found Doggat when he tried to get the pawn in a local jewelry shop quickly arrested. Doggate was appointed as a former plumber and yacht seller Richard Davis by killer Isabelle's husband by appointing Doggate for a long arm to arrest Stuart, when he hired him to hit Stewart; <br /> <br /> Isabel betrays every one who benefits him, for the benefit of himself, and the benefit of him. She wanted to do dirty work. Always act as innocent housewife or widow or lover or client is part of Isabelle's law and the police seems to live a step glamorous never before. Ishbabe is the most beautiful of herself, and it is almost impossible to keep her second part of her and many crimes she has committed to others. Richard and eventually she or Richard's lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar de los Rey, Isabelle, is the only time that two police officers were before she had become wise. D.A turns Richard and Kendrick into witnesses against her Aijabelle, and now she ends up doing the last thing, knowing that she is being closed all over. In order to get everything done, Isabelle and her 10 year old daughter, Ruby, Lauren Collins, by getting clearance and passports to get out of the passport office by going to the passport office. <br /> It cassay and clever Isabelle makes his first and probably the last and most serious mistake in the film. Isabelle Passport clerk, Don Carrier, she had to wait for 48 hours, and to clear Ruby's passport! It's time for police to find and arrest her! Almost everything and a strange movie that goes against every moral that is in a movie Noir or crime movie. An end to your mind dispersal but the feeling of what is right in your world and wrong!
