Karen (Babbbie Phillips) After one of her children fell into the hands of her lame victims, she would never survive this trip, she was always on the money. Karen takes her children from teacher teacher Sheepley College of Historical Studies to Ireland's main manure-pile up to a run-of-the-floor earty locale in the pond. .. Sensions in this country? Carey of Gary (Simon Peacock), Karen and her students, warned her not to be on the path and to be in the wilderness. There is a myth about the Savney Bean Klan, a conservative Druid homiculous family celebrating the end of the sahain (summer, October 31), "Feast of the Dead" where souls are needed to appease the souls. Gary is suspicious, and his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lane Allen) tells us that he was born in Samhain. Funny, because he certainly does not see the results well or give advice correctly. Almost everyone will die (who does not deny anyone) and he does not even see his own grave task. This monster is a victim of listening to our breath. Its face is similar to a bad mushroom and seems to have been rejected from Mad Max. It does not take long before the "bad breeder" will kill everyone. Karen's girlfriend, Paul (Howard Rosenstein), made a wrong decision that he was coming to Ireland without prior knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> Harassment formula slashes away from the norm. It shows the micro-budget loudly and the characters are out lagging again in the sloping path of clichés to the unparalleled line clichés. While violence is on the go, there is not much of a breeding ground for his victims. Hang on to another scene in quick editing cuts. For a moment or two, the gillian league's beautiful naked body is not enough incentive to recommend. Phil Price is really irritating trickster character, Steve, often shedding bad jokes .. He guesses anyone's who could get naked Barbara naked in the shower for some action because he did not have the reason why he'd stand to such an opportunity. Brandie-on Milbont Shetty's lucky character, the silly virgin smart girl (who is also very hot) knows the screenwriter's choice of survival. Jenna Jameson drops her chest in her heart (two short of her chests before her chest opens), and two small pieces fall in length with her two friends looking for her. The main problem for the film is that the story and character development leads to a halt because the director Christian veil leaves his monster for his fearless filmmaking so that an entire cast will fail. In ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Griego escaped the way to the tent camp with his chick as a minor opening kami victim.
