First of all, I tell you to love the "Lady's Man" sketch in the SNL. I'm always loud in the filming of Tim Meadows of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a motion-length image. Leon is looking at his show and watching porn videos on his listeners and looking for his performance like "The Ladies Man Presents ...", reminiscent of "Aldred Hitchcock Presents ...". Cameron Diaz is a great episode featuring Monica Lewins, and Leon plays the bill and they call it "The Oral Office". See, it's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In this movie, we often do not see Lyon at the show. In fact, he kicked from almost every radio station in the country. And his love for a genuine love that has a secret letter that has fallen into the house of his house signed by "Sweet Thing". Carin Parsons, who is known for playing Hillary in "Air Air Fresh Prince," works with him at the show and has a secret love for Lyon. The film just piles a boring subplot piles after another. And the gags are boring as well. For the first time, Leon refers to the word "wang", which is pretty funny. When he used it over and over again, the devil had to run the joke to dry, trying to get laugh. Many of the humor used in the film we heard and made better in the SNL sketch and played the whole hour and twenty-five minutes. Because they have a deal with Will Ferrell and his wives, the ladies' desire to destroy him with the intention of bringing some life into this funniest comedy is trying to include a musical number by his gang Will Ferrell. Ferrell has some funny moments, and someone else tries to be the best in unfunny character. Ferrell has only one such comic talent, and he does almost anything. Julianne Moore also gets a guest. Looking at her, you can not but be surprised "What's the hell of the Oscar winning actress in this film ?? !!!!" Her name is not mentioned in her initial credits. And of course the image of this theme is Master of Love, Billy dei Williams. Billy Dee is always attractive, but he can not breathe enough life in the film. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits, as the script is not boring enough - giving it a terrible downbeat tone, the image further weaken. I mean, this is considered comedy. Soundtrack is suitable for things like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "Ladies Man" is only a laughing smile. SNL has exceptions that produce a great film from a small sketch. Look at both "Wayne's World" movies and you'll see how it happened. But this film is like the cinematic role of Mary Katherine Gallagher on the screen in "Superstar", which shows the flip-side. <br /> My score: 3 (10 out of 10), some sketches are reminiscent of SNL.
