I saw a lot of reviews on this board, trying to restore the film and use a cult. I see simple ratting - "I think this movie is not easily ruined," "What's this Shakespeare's," etc. Whatever "road trip" is not! And I laughed off my ** time during that movie! There is a way to make a raw, flavored comedy and laugh; And there's a way to make it crude and taste. The "whip" tries to be "swings" without intelligence or intelligence. It seems a 14-year-old boy has been written through active eyes. For the sake of God, the characters in the film are considered white collar and upright citizens - and some actors like I know in high school at high school! This conversation is drowning - as drowning - with four-letter words. You think people in their rank will have some degree of intelligence - and more extensive vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stileman movie and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialog is completely unreal and obviously the cartoon sounds. If you know successful white collar entrepreneurs like the characters in the film - please let me know and introduce them. Their annoying sexual ridicule is equivalent to the standard locker room chat among young adults. Relationships, sexual orientation ... There is no need for just a poor to display the range of it too - and I do not take the word "too" for granted, meaning with my heart - raw gags. Gags without this substance. More intended gas for groins than smiling. Amanda Peet and her girlfriends late in the scene did not fully and totally believe. There are some movies that are interacting with men that men (straight) men wrote and play out amazingly. In this scene there is a barrier to sexual compositions and gestures. It can not imagine leaving a woman's mouth. This is one of the most noticeable-written-person-person-person scenes. I could not believe it for the second time. <br /> <br /> "Wiped" is a unhealthy masculine fantasy that is completely unhealthy. I got quite a few smiles from this (completely) this completely unforgettable comedy, and that's probably the result of desperation. When you have not been laughing for a long time, you have seen a lot of humor in humorous things. So I can not recognize it positively.
