Being a music student, I thought it would be fun to watch a movie on a conservatory. I know quite a bit ... (I do not know what the film is based on the book Britney Spears), the film is all too bad. It's clear that whoever has never set foot on a conservator who wrote the script and does not know a thing about classical music. Give me some examples: 1) No one is allowed to the traditional carehouse without any traditional training! It is not enough to have a nice pop voice and, moreover, it is completely different - another style, different technology. It's like playing a violin when applying to the Viola class. 2) How did the Lady Teaching Music Theory come in the jury? Although she is not a singing professor, she does not tell her in such a situation, and if she is a singing professor, why do not we say that? 3) It is necessary to read music while reading music. 4) Angela caught this video tape? It is kept secret only to the jury's eyes. Now she does not have a clue from one of the professors or script writers. I'm amazed ... 5) Singing Professor Holly described The Carmen's song as "apparent", which she did not make clear. Yes, her notes were able to sing, but Carmen Mézó-Soprano seemed lighter with the voice of Holly's voice, which was not appropriate with the song. 6) All The Worst: The film is surprisingly ignorant when it comes to music music, but it does not even try to hide it. The fact that Angela singing is excluded from recognition is weak at the registry, which is a bit less degrading - Mozart rushes in his grave. Habenera from Carmen has been a bit strange at times, and eventually re-arranged shows how producers really think about classical music - it's just as good as Britney Spears adds hard and boring but hay, some drums and electric guitars! I know all these little details, but it's just a little bit easier to avoid them with little research. However, I have chosen to have my infidelity roles and the plot extends well. But without that, I really do not find any more exotic features in this movie except for one: it's nice to have a laugh.
