I finally heard this horror incident in the film. The entire era (1980 Southern California) and the subject (drug and romantic industry) are very interesting to me. I thought this was definitely a fire. I'm not surprised by Kimmer's selection as Holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical form or habits. Do I expect to sell tickets? However, I overlook this and I'm willing to give it a fair shot. On the first day of the show I was a little surprised that there were only four people in the whole theater. Now the whole crime and story is difficult to do, I accept it. There is no evidence of this violent and cruel act. John Holmes is there, but he is concerned that if a police speaks about what happened to a patient's illness and about his family (and self). In fact, Holmes never testified what had happened and the crime was not resolved. So this is still a big mystery, there is nothing in casting this movie light is a secret. Writing screenplay The whole person is very discreet and many of the main characters die. There is no true story, however, it is triangular pieces. Try the beef hard on the paper thin lines by lighting the script and overacting the actors. Other people in the film Holmes or internally involved do not have any understanding. Kilmer's character disappears for a long time, his girlfriend is dull, police jokes. Even Kudrow tries hard to make a weaker character look considerably. This is a very shallow part and I dare say it's boring. The director also tries to change the love story. This is the worst, worse, John Holmes does not know what you really are. Perhaps some of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" may help here. "Boogie Nights" is the most innovative and exciting of all varieties. On the other hand the film is flat and without any real attraction or style. Music was struck with a scene that Durran Duran thought had taken place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Light Fruit? Gordon Lightfoot? There was a great image based on this gruesome incident, but I did not see it yet. I still do not see a good guy (if you do not consider the scene of Rahad Jackson from Boogie Nights).
