Takashi Shimizu has a great chance to remake his original film, Ju-on the Grudge. If I did not see that movie, I would bet that there is more imagination and realism than his own remake (or some sharp-off realty with other trophies known Japanese snap movie). Perhaps the script might have somehow impersonation, or I would expect accessibility to American audiences. What starts with some potential - the suggestion of something very much screws up going with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just goes into total chaos. And horror film? <br /> <br /> The tension may be built on the condition - a nurse should be careful to take care of a disturbed woman at home - but he reduces everything he wants to see his audience. . Scares? How exactly does some music you know when something looks right? Black cat? Yeah, why do not you make a cat like a cat, ghost-boy stuff to be creepy, if you want cats. Plot? <br /> <br /> Why do not you shuffle between past and present without a comparison of how a story can tell (meaning to be retrospective, intended to be organic with the whole story), or for those with characters or exchanges, what happened or what happened There is little time to take care of, telling us. The decline in film production (that is, the 180 degree rule is not too durable or witty), and although the performances are scared or surprised (Galler is particularly disappointing, but Pullman, after his first scene, is very bad). Also, even when Shimizu tried to scares some aged old "boo" scares, as it is when the female office building and grudge ghost stroll through, it is still crazy. When it's going to be on the elevator and watch the ghost shots in the background. You can go along with it, and if you have a high power, or you will be fainting at the results. <br /> If this project goes wrong, I'm not fully aware of it - does it have to keep it up for Shimizu Studios or give enough attention to redefining his attention? Or maybe some say Raimi and they are more confusing and / or discouraging than anyone else. The grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense or give us some horror fodder to chew us on at least. It's cineplex crap for a sad sequence.
