I do not understand why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they've got attractive actors, great dance numbers, and superior emotions-what's not like? I do not realize if I have seen the top-crust of Bollywood. Then I saw "Garam Masala". I can tell from the first scene that I do not like the movie (this movie opens with a two-league mottage running around a city and clearly sees a series of photo sets with gaiting models), but what I hoped to do is improve things. Sadly, they are not. The main problem is that the two main characters, Mac & Sam, are totally unreliable. They spend the whole movie lying on the ladies - and the audience will find this funny and attractive to fall on the couch to crack them down. Guys are worthy and inept, and not in a loved way. Mack goes even as long as it contains one of the women who are intoxicated to be cheated by fraud. The script is very poor, repetitive sequences, settings, and logic actions and announcements by characters. In fact, the characters never really developed. Men are unpleasant, greedy jerks, and women are simply mutually exclusive. If you go through this movie, you will think that the "air hostesses" is so easy to pass the man from the man. In fact, betrayal is not too ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I've found in the film are some of the soft movements of the dance number, intelligent sets and the French-farce, door-slam factors of the story. Bollywood dances danced by Farah Khan make a good feel, and you can go straight to Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd's silly comedy for a slapstick, Priyadarshan as a writer / director. Priyadarsan also took the wrong credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of this platform was stolen from the 1960s game Boeing Boing. The original author of the work, Marc Cameletti, is credited somewhere. Priyadarshan's title changed for this remake, as it did in the same story in 1985 for the remake, unlike the original use without giving credit. (According to IMDb credits list.)
