So they have a "Vampire Month" on the Childs Network, I'm such a door, but I love the vampires. So after some misfortunes they showed I was disappointed, but I was written by Sleepwalkers Stephen King. So I went ahead and checked it out, very surprisingly good, the film was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are entertaining and some are very scary. While sleepwalkers are bad, it's a pretty kind bad. I have a good time laughing in this movie and this is what it took for it. I never read the sleepwalkers, I understand that this King only real bloodthirsty story, so I can not really compare the book to the book. I do not know this is my TV, but the sleepwalkers looked like the TV was made. Special effects are brown and the story is fantastic, although it has a lot of problems, it's a bit too long. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampire who eats virgin women's life. They are much more resilient than humans, and have two forces of telecinis and illusions. Their weakness cats, they were able to see through their illusions, but their claws were capable of conquering serious fatal injuries on them. They also have a close relationship. Charles and Mary are home to a small Indiana town. Charles attended a local high school where he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Charan doubts the true reason why she wants more of her; To make her life stronger for her hungry mother. First, Charles seems to have fallen in love with Tanya. But on their first date, a picnic in a nearby cemetery, Charles tries to remove the biological energy from Tanya when she kisses her. This happened, and the deputy sheriff Andy Simpson, who tried to take Charles back in advance, noticed the car in the cemetery and Charles. When Tanya was running for help, Charles lost Andy's character and killed him. When Tawny and deputy cat reopen sessions with Clovis to reverse Charles's life, Clovis gets up on this occasion and kills Charles in the face and chest. Charles Marie, who was injured by Clovis, returned home. <br /> <br /> You have to expect overflow cheese mainly for the film. Charles is the first Tannya hit scene where you are voting for Charles as you are one of Duncan's actresses in the most cliche and tarry horror movies. Then you love the scene where Marie has a gun and burns it in a cop and somehow the whole thing explodes, and God blesses Hollywood blasts and exaggerations. I'm making a movie for what I'm doing, it's cold for me, it becomes a dark comedy, I'm happy with it. I can not imagine whether Stephen King wanted to see his story, but he had his typical Kamon in the film. If you see this film, do not think it's what you think, whether it's a crazy cat lady from the words of Korn, Korn effects, bad cast, a silly story and a mindless entertainment with enough cats "Wow, it's a lot of cats". <br /> <br />
