I accept with some other comments and go one step further. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to do with this film. Our central role in Delmar is to make enough money to buy a restaurant but deciding to become a surrogate mother along the way fall for a clever ex-jailbird. At the same time her friend Hartins finally seeks her lawyer boyfriend to marry her. She makes him sleep with Marlon in love with him. The former Coke slave, who had joined Mrs. Delmar's brother Jethro, was sexually abused by her adoptive father. Sitting aside, we also have an eccentric odd combination of unusual odd friends, one of whom will die on the bed at the start of the film. So far better but life, death, mourning and love in the first half after the introduction of these characters and stories, the movie just loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the author chooses only one or two letters and allows us to follow their stories, things go well, but the same screen time is given as a result of the same screen or character completion. Development. For example, Delmar wants her to give her child money instead, especially when the prospective fiancé is a cuckoo-big lawyer and his partial and depressed wife? Why is Hurtens married to a fool and clearly loves her? How is Missy handling her coke habit at night? Is Jethro often exempt or exempt from women with high difficulties? Is the mother of Delmar and Jetho always on the extreme side or is it in the recent development? Why was Jethro interested in the cadillacs that contained one in his room? Why did Moses spend a relatively small crime for stealing a car? How does Delomer end up giving birth to a baby when they do not have any sexual intercourse? <br /> <br /> Even though these questions face the screenplay, it is not a sad answer. The writer felt the need to include all of them in the script, so I can assume they were answered in the original novel. Big mistake. Many subplots combine nothing in the whole film, especially with the loss of the story of Hortens and Marlon, things are significantly tightened and allow anyone more time to develop Delmar, Jethro and Moses characters who clearly demonstrate more plots and underlying themes. <br /> <br /> Most pedestrian directorial style is seen outside of an average soap opera, and as a result it is likely to be a huge hit, with Jorga Fox being the best to come up with the material. I am not surprised that this attempt is the last film of the director because there is no evidence of this attempt to visualize the visual style or the moving and intelligent story.
