This film is not rock as others say. I found it really boring and silly. The story is about this metal high school kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but the last album to play on the radio is in advance, on the night of Halloween (which can actually make the date of November 1, the date of the shortest date). The kid receives a record copy and contains secret messages behind playback messages. The key that opens the door to it can also bring back the ruin and death to the world of really bad metal singer. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film is not a horror movie, but later school special. We saw metal kid (exterior) suffering from popular children. And he did not learn the most important lesson in high school films: Do not invite cool kids who suddenly invite you to a party! This is a trap. This is especially a pool party. Is anyone surprised when he ends up in water ?? <br /> <br /> Previously, I was looking forward to Melissa Sue Anderson, who taught me the Jodi Foster lesson as a school special. So this giant gets some powers and uses the bully instead of killing the boys (which has a greater sense), he strangely and attempts to save the bully boys and girls from harm. What? Gentleman? What's the fun in the horror film? Carrie White did not follow this goodness. He tries to prevent the Halloween Dance, a music that has played so much music, that he would unleash a power to kill all the kids he understood. If it's me, I'll keep that music, and at home. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie will move the metal boy into town, trying to kill the terrifying metal star he worships. Why is he partner with him and does not really have some loss. Why are you asking He is in love with one of the prominent girls and she is not well suited to the Mole Ringwald film. The episode of this horror film or Beauty and the Beast? The film is not just about any time, no horror, horror, or watching. If I go to high school at the end of the 80s, the film is fun, it is very small for fashions and big hair, but for the film. Stay home and listen to some KISS.
