Antonioni, by the film, played the role of Papa Smarf in the role of the youngest beaver, American, radical student-Smurfs. He took them under the guidance of his European Communist wing, demonstrating appreciation and support for their tumultuous American lines. (This Smurfs is worn red and blue and is not in a different way around). Clever Smurfs is happy to guide the gray hair that they like for a brilliant elderly, the long-standing Smurfs, Lenin Communist - another proud, whose chin Smurfs took him even more seriously because it suggests it is sensible, yet they do not know who this kind of chin has a serious effect on them . Castro, another brilliant bearded person, often gained from this confusion and exuded magical powers to his innocent foreign worshipers with his beard. (Che Guevara did not say that the beard had a specific je-ne-sais-pas-quoi, one soon after Marx and his fascinating, sacred teachings?) The movie begins a muddled meeting of Stupid seriously "dialogue" in the dialogues that really redefine Participate Radical students. The top-edged building of a great dirty dog ​​falling into an undertone. Suddenly, the "hero" of the film (well, the hero of Antonioni) gets up and says something to his beloved left-wing colleagues, and then the performance of "Mega-cool" will improve his James Dean's image and its possibilities are the best "chicks" in the next collective hippie dance . He eventually faces difficulties with a cops (ie pigs) in a rally and spends the film under the blue American capitalist skies looking for freedom? <br /> <br /> It is not just an intellectual assault on the capitalist system that is not only intellectual bond but there is nothing new to offer (or it's just a single old trigger-happy one-dimensional cops and business entrepreneurial business deals (though it's wrong, Antonian's movies are not getting ready) ), And the endless shots of TV commercials and billboards oh-so noth /> <br /> Smurf sin Advertising nga Antonio's long like <br, no, but, to their families, their work, and their children are considered abhorrent, selfishness, and greed with a moderate decline in products for young-population. In the late 60s, Smurfs and Smarfets failed to notice the most vital and important factor about their silly movement: they were allowed to express their ridiculous conventions and express their opinions of opinions freely in the establishment, and the countries are appreciated by its leftist organizations (and have not yet). Very rarely about hippies - and Antonioni, naturally, failed to recognize this (his judgment cocaine-snorting and high-intake LSD) - that is, the hippies are the worst-residue of capitalism. This is an amazing satire. Successive working capitalism can be seen in the so-called "hippie" species; A spoiled, grateful, and selfish bunch of middle and high-middle class losers. <br /> <br /> This film continues forever. Antonio is traveling with her sweet time, and is also a very dull element, including incontinent sensitive scenes. His efforts are symbolic and simple. His statements are very good. Antonioni's way of saying violence is a solution. <br /> <br /> "Western film about thousands of students in Taiwan is a Western film, but a Western When our student is shot in the face of Che Guevara's face to shoot, ten mainstream movies get simultaneously.I mean a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a Western one <br /> <br /> If you're a Marxist neo-hippie Do not want to review this awful skin, the "NO" on the bottom.
