Is not pure, vulgar failure? See more than "The Last Kingdom Wizards", the dirty, dust-poor, insulting of an image. As we all know, the good Monos terribly terrible child springs up: "Halloween" has inspired many of the worst 80 slasher flickers; Many of the "Mad Max", many of the many "80s" of the "future barren fantasy" Flicks born; And the "Conan Barbarian" slaughtered the whole of the horrific, terrible, very wicked 80's knife and enchanted image. The "Lost Kingdom Wizards" scrap at the bottom of the 80 barrel, barrels are really insulting. Simon, a princess from the evil sorcerer, seized his "good empire" from a good wizard, a garden gnome, a masque bimbo mermaid, and a tired, boggle Bow Swanson. Suvenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglourious Basterds", "Delta Force"), for a long time B-Movoy Kandleman, can not swing his aluminum fill knife. However, he manages to defeat the evil sorcerer, "Shurka", and evil forces, which have badly dressed monsters, demons, and his army of midgets. At one point, a paper mache bat on a string strikes, but eaten by a 1/2 hidden soak puppet, which is a terrible dragon. At the beginning of the film, it is only politely distinguishable with the bits of scenes from the cutting-room room of the bad moves sitting in the hopeless hopes of setting the film's scene, and some people who are not seen again. Words are not jaw-dropping cheap for the film; Producers have probably spent the source of Svenson's ever-expanding galley eating than the cheese FX of the film. And we are here to Talkin Brie, folks ...: = 8P Director Hector Oliviera ("Barbarian Queen") This mish-mash will be destroyed by a shameless, chaotic and complicated, clear, simplistic hero. The acting is terrible, the production levels under the shoe-string, and the other after the narrow eye of our tired eyes is a tired cliché. Move's brains make it really that they made a sequel (!!!). James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") from "Stars Beyond the Stars" broke up, lifted, kicked and compassed on this turkey-bet, he was on his resume. Folks, you'll see that you trust it. When MooCow does not have anything to rent cheap, it's much more fun than seeing a dungeon bunnies member. Barely. : = 8P
