What we have here, the dazzling magnificent piece of inefficiency of the early 80s makes all the trash baskets entirely without speech! "Wizards of the Last Kingdom" does not have a very cheap and cheesy fantasy / knife and magic adventure, but does not contain the original story but is eager and rarely from other movies. The author At Nahaha and Hector Oliviera (who are they?) Have seen enough similar images, they know that they need the necessary roles, but the rest are automatically followed. A super fantasy adventure (with a black cape), a young hero training, a lone warrior) and a complete collection of bizarre monsters, slave toilets, and winged goggles to work. This story is unusual and original, a wizard who flew out of his beloved kingdom after Simon the magician was killed by King Shura after taking power. Simon wants to go back and save people, but he needs his powerful ring to escape. Simone solo warrior Kora (usually cold dude Bo Swenson who needs a paycheck), who helps Simon and travels during a long journey of dangerous and destructive journeys, dangerous encounters and magical chaos. But it's not so bad so far, but it's not just because I'm just out of the small little detail that's not pretty. Simon is named Galfax, for example. The Albino version of Gulffax tell and he can not somehow understand the uncertain chuckles when he opened his poodle-nose. While traveling home, barriers are irrelevant to the "plot" and serve as padding footage to cover the lack of original content. Simon had night-time scenes inside a mysterious forest nymph, with son Pig-face-to-face nemesis stabilizing the old score, whose sister refused to marry, and you left only a terrible 'suicide cave.' But absolutely incredibly amazing array ?? Is not this film alone in the history of cinema? Four zombie warriors will be resurrected. Simone enthusiasts courageous warriors, hoping to help them in their battle, but the dead bodies are only taking a few steps, complaining about how tired they are and return to their graves. That's it! A lot for zombie sub plots! The best scene ever! I can go on the list of unexpectedly hilarious little details for many paragraphs, but you get the idea. "The Last Kingdom Wizards" is amazingly confusing "very bad-it's good" movie. Advice Word: Do not look at this pleasant piece alone. Invite your friends and see them in the crowd, with ludicrous bad feelings. Is it a night to remember ??
