The people behind the NVV have been familiar with recent comedies-particularly with Ben Stiller and low-level jack blocks, the situation is spoofs, which is gradually rejected by reality and generally smiles. Zulander was totally ridiculous when it was released, and Starkey and Hach were delighted, and then the people who dodged loudly drove, but personally I was upset with the over-the-top characters - especially the scenario is not very funny (perhaps the dodgeball tournament's comedy rarely did not play Australia). So in an effort to do something a little more realistic, jealousy moves from an absurd scenario and turns around the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I do not spoil for those who want to see the film). The problem will not be able to think of the film, I'm not a big enough image buff to be able to think, but this set has taken a thousand times - and is rarely successful. So instead of a nice, crisp, enjoyable and fresh funny, you get a picture that seems to go through the motions. Certainly the movements are very entertaining, and they're a bit 2D, creator, though Jack Block is excited and fun playing - quirky enough to provide some laughs as an idea center. On the other side, Ben Stiller seems to have missed a little, he wanted to play a full role rather than the funniest characters of his Zulander films, but his family or scripts, not the depth of character, and the result was the distinctive habits of Ben Stiller and was generally tedious. In the show, the viewer (he only manages to play Ben Stiller, Jack Black actually plays a role - not a challenge). The film's last annoying factor is Christopher Walken's character 'The Man', which is typical and comes in two dimensional characters, and naturally he is very quickly monotonous and frustrating. <br /> If you're in the right mood (it seems to be a good thing to watch this movie), especially you can think of it and it's not worth watching. You can rent a cinema night with friends and see it after seeing a horror movie and something looks like light - hopefully you're also somewhat temporarily. In that scene I imagine it will be very enjoyable, but usually it offers very few smiles and just drags for a long time.
