Hannah Barberra did not produce it and it came out of the old series so I thought "What's New to Do-It" is pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I do not like it). When I heard of "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get Quo", I thought it was good. But I've seen how Scooby and Shaggy are going to be, if I know this program is bad, I'm not worse. I've seen some episodes, trust me, it's another "Teen Titans" or "Lonetics Unleashed" -Wanbe. No longer going against people wearing masks of cool and creepy monsters that rob Rob and Shaggy banks. Now they want to destroy the world of whom they are going after a typical super villain. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become daring. Also, since Shaggy does not have a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (actually a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, does not have Shaggy voice. If he does not eat meat, he only shaggy voice, and if internet jokes are not enough, the franchise is just a big corporate-change change. So Scott Menville (formerly known as "Red Herring in a Pop Named Scooby-Doo") sounded the sound here. Believe me, the voice is really bad! It does shaggy sound like a squeaky 10-year-old, and I must agree that the voice definitely fits his new ugly look. However, Kassam Shaggy tells Uncle Albert, this is a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, is not well visible. He is made up of CGI Scooby-Doo from Live-action movies. Also, Scooby's Frank Welker voice (I still need to mention about Brain Dog?) Is still not developed. Robbie, Robotic Butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He makes funny and "funny" impressions and provides safety tips ("remember children, stand up under trees during thunderstorm!"), But it's not just in the scooby-do cartoon. Again, the Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Twice to the Lightning Attacks", they were almost widespread with "Castle Thunder" thunderstorm! (They still use newly recorded thunderstorm effects). "Scooby-Doo" has not used sound effects since 1991. But my question is, "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get clue", which is in live-video-video films or "What's New Sky-Do!" (WSD's two episodes have used it and unfortunately it does not fit.) WNSD and DTV movies If used, they may be better than this hypocritical cartoon. The day I performed this program, I saw the first episode, and it was very bad, I just stopped it just five minutes later! To get my mind on this poor show, I'm "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" It came out at the same time. And what do you know? "Pirates Ahoy" is also better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get a clue" ("What's more than good news, Scooby-Doo!") And the characters are not permanent to the franchise. Direct-to-video films that appear in this show are grateful, using simple character designs. But, you say "what is Scooby-Doo," I do not recommend whether I like or hated. But if you hate the old series, you will like it! (Oh god, I hope the old Scooby Doo cartoon should be better than this new $ # *!) Anyways, like WNSD, is a really bad addition to Scooby Canon.
