When I saw this movie, I thought it was originally made for the video. The second thing to come to mind is that this horrible film "Darkness Falls", a dark witch story that killed people in the dark. Unfortunately, the Darkness Waterfall is incredibly remarkable compared to this rubbish pile, and the film should not be made. <br /> <br /> The movie introduces a small back story for the witch or two little kids who are going to go to meet the tooth fairy in hopes of giving her a shiny new bicycle for the tooth. The opening is poorly filmed, and like the rest of the movie, it's not exactly scary. Currently, the film is about Peter (Lochlin Munro). Peter hires his home and his former girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West), and her daughter Cole come to stay there. Cole meets a neighbor boy, and they talk about tooth fairy, and do not lose your tooth, or she will come for you. Unfortunately, seconds later, the Tooth Fairy steals her bike and demolishes her tooth (how is it contradictory). Cole Tooth fights the fury of the fairy, and her mother and Peter will be able to save her and reunite their love ... This is a bad movie, you probably do not realize it. One of the main problems with this idiotic film is how undefined the tooth fairy is. They say that they are killing your teeth while they lose your teeth. If she's a randomly killed serial killer, and if you lose your tooth, you're about to go. She steals a bike, so obviously she is also a thief. I said earlier that the idea of ​​the idea is based on the Darkness Falls, but where did they inspire the look of the Tooth Fairy? Let's see. She feels like a burning victim, and she killed her children before and went around the neighborhood. Mum ... even though she is the definitive fragment of Freddy Krueger from the films "Nightmare on Elm Street". And the worst part of this terrible mess is climax. The film is very ridiculous climax (literally not ridiculous because I do not care more than funny) I have never seen. Do not look at it. <br /> Just a trivial trivia. Locklin Munro is in Scary Movie and Jeana Ballard is in Scary Movie 3, and both of them are so, so Scary Movie Stars had to end their career with badly scary films. <br /> <br /> My rating: 1/2 out ****. 80 minutes. R. for violence
