As Goethe once stated, "There is no point in trying to overcome a negative judgment, which is aimed at" having a great impact. "" La Maman at La Puine "has entered into history in the history of history and in many places where there is no interest in the history of thirty years and other film history, Absolutely refusing to see it To express my complete judgment, however, I disagree with almost every other review: "Do not look, this is the waste of your time, it's just you feel sick and angry." And by that I am "human condition" or that simple and deep Not about "sick and angry", because most critics have their full praise of the film  సలు లో స్వీకరించింది సరిగ్గా లైన్ - "ఒక అగ్ని పరీక్ష మా భావోద్వేగ పిరికివాడి మరియు క్రూరత్వం యొక్క క్రూరమైన విభజనలో చూడటం "మరియు - మరియు అది నిజంగా ఈ విధమైన విశ్వవ్యాప్త లేదా విస్తృత సంబంధిత సందేశంలో ఉంచినట్లయితే, దర్శకుడు తనతో సంతృప్తి చెందడానికి మంచి కారణం కలిగి ఉంటాడు, అయితే నిరాశావాదం అతని ముగింపులు కావచ్చు. With this film my beef I do not see the empty vanity and small vulgar timing record that can be justified or forgiven by any general message. The three main characters are deep morally unattractive individuals: Alexander is of great importance, in fact, because we have seen him for so long, forty thirty seconds; Marie probably had at least a degree because we saw her at least. Alexander's troubled and renowned monologues have a kind of entertainment value, but Jean-Pierre Leyad can not be fairly fun and "a Buoy film in Nicholas Ray film", he was originally the only director of the tenth century directed by Eustache, the word-for-word Reiterating the opinion. Making of the film. If the tone of a relentless surface in the 100% film and the tone of the trivial is uninterrupted, I think it worked as a long tumultuous comedy about a poor, insignificant and disappointing post-68 atmosphere. However, the viewer, who was very angry with the director, gave at least one long shot to Alexander and Veronica, in which we thought we had shared a moral universe with us. If a person loves a woman and sleeps with another woman (mostly in this flat) and marries a third person to run for Paris, if one loves him, I chose him to choose him in the dog-feeding-dog world. However, in all conscience, he may even hear the moment of his moudelin monologues talking about his "anxiety" and his "despair." This is the same as that which we have shown as drinking on a bed we shared by Alexandr and Alex and we have been drunk with the baby's unstable behavior with bed and heartless brutality. "La Manmann et la Putine" If you are intended to be more or less than Alexander, Veronica and Mary's portrait, three people do not accept half a good person in their company and have a kind of legitimacy to praise the director of "I can not imagine" (though I read the movie as I can not imagine Creating such utterly repulsive characters that can be heard Do you feel a "feel" once?). However, the problem is clearly convincing - and Alexander, Veronica and Mary appear to be successful in convincing generations of critics that it is usually a representative of the human and human emotions' emotional capabilities. However, the latter idea is tall and dangerous nonsense. In fact, in the normal and sexual relationships, there can be intermittent distortion and trend in the tragedies of human relationships. But the nature and degree of this illusion and illusion is determined by honest and intense efforts to strengthen these relationships. There is no cinematic or official intelligence required to inform us that a man who behaves like Alexander is ending to the women who are hating, being vulnerable, alone or facing the stress of a man like Alexander, is disappointing and bitter. If you look at the '68 mommian at the Putin, historically historically for culture and human interaction, perhaps it's probably not limited to some particular anti-social types. But please believe that there is any common relationship with mankind that has been advocated for having a picture of Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
