Matt Sanders (Luke Wilson) thinks he finds the perfect woman as Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems like a quiet but pretty woman while he finds out that she is sooner, herself and possessive, and she's also superhero G-Girl Even if she does not know what she has done with Matt, because she is lost with her. A good man hanging on a mean man is ruined /> <br /> <br. My super ex-girlfriend is still an enjoyable comedy but it relies on a lot of cheap sex jokes and it ends with a forgetful experience. What was wrong The cast and director failed to overcome the vulnerability of the script and did not like the way they played it. I think it's a boy and it's a female fantasy revenge film. Nevertheless, they are a favorite and they have superhero mentally. It's not just too fresh and after about forty minutes, the movie is welcome. Certainly there are some funny lines out there, though between the weakest and the horrible end really kept from breaking. <br /> Director Ivan Reitman lost his touch. After the successful run of the eighties and early nineties, he started the worst like Evolution and Father's Day. If I can not tell my Super X-Girlfriend is a complete failure but I have a quality image which will not be too much, no give him credit. Don Payne has done an awful work with the script. The majority of jokes are just a note to the lame and supporting characters. Some of the actors were good enough to save the film, he also kept back a lot of the same jokes making the subject really tedious at times. <br <br> Uma Thurman is the greatest gi-girl and she has very funny lines. Luke Wilson is a bit pale and not very interesting. He does not think he makes for an attractive celebrity and he's good at supporting characters like Family Stone. Anna Faris was a bit old when her "scary movie" routine. She needs a challenge or at least some good scripts. Wanda Sikes hit me or miss me. La lion in her monster is great and she is evil in Clerks 2. Here, she just annoying and does not bring anything to the picture. Eddie Izzard is unique and not unique. Rain Wilson is not just annoying and funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the film. It's not terrible yet it has so much potential and the final result is just so mediocre. Rating 5/10
