Seven Pouns: Emotionally Flat, IOLOLICALAL, MORALLY DISTURBING <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I've been curious about the original title, and after some research, I found that Venice's Shakespeare's merchant was referring there, whereas the user Shylock creates a terrible bond with his merchant Antonio, who is his "pound" meat, if he can not repay his debt. Italy's translation of Ben's plan has been man-made and sympathetic to humans, even though it is adequately cultivated to obscure anyone, but only in terms of human, cold, rational, deep-roots. The physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think the original quality of Ben's plan has been through the original title: a cold mantra who wants to "donate" parts of his body, but at least the audience can see or perceive any pure relationship with the soul within the whole film, even if no real human emotions. The only exception is the love story of a girl, which seems to be a sort of Ben promoter incident, which is ben yield, but can not convey real emotional intervention. I really do not like the idea of ​​the film's main topic: the guilt of suicide by the death of a loved one and the death of the other people he has created himself is guilty of suicide to eliminate his feelings. I liked it, and in the end, Ben decides to leave the idea of ​​suicide and go to a lifestyle, helping the same people and even more, just standing by them, and help through his existence. He did not miraculously save their lives, which probably caused more suffering, but I think it was more constructive from a human and ethical point of view. There are many careless and disturbing things: the first sign of God's creation in seven days (which is, according to the Bible, six!): What does this mean? And prevents her from singing and singing about a woman suffering from cardiovascular disease, with a man with a normal piece, the destruction and donated organs and his body pieces with the death of his wife, from his weak condition, emotionally and physically effortlessly No? The film is saved by good acting, but all the rest is pure nonsense, not only from logical perspective but also from human and emotional.
