Spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson has produced some amazing films like 'Ice Cold in Alone' and 'Cape Fear', but 'Country Dance' is one of his most interesting offerings. This story is set among rural Scotland's upper classes, and Sir Charles Ferguson describes the contrasting triangular relationship between the elite aristocratic landlord, his sister Hilary and Hillary's breakaway husband Douglass, who is hoping for reconciliation with her. Charles was considered a 'moral fiber' in his career as a military officer. It seems to be a perfect diagnosis about his condition; Throughout the film he exhibits a gloomy glimpse into the world, and his main emotional support is the Hilary and his whiskey bottle. The film ends with his commitment to the top-level lunatic asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole is rare in his work when 'Laurence of Arabia' is one of Britain's leading actors, and 'Country Dance' is not one of his best films. Charles made a satirical portrait of the inexperienced lungs to take part in the Skunk of the Upper Class Twit of the Year. Michael Cregg is a good man as Susanna Yurk and Douglas as Hillary, but there is no extraordinary performance in the film. <br /> <br /> The film's main problem, not acting or plot, but the main problem of the character is much less than Charles's unpredictable slide. It is a chivalrous theme that does not speak its name. There are unrelated close connections between Charles and Hilary, or the disrespect of his part to him, and his Douglas's disillusionment is inspired by sexual envy. Unfortunately, the Swinging Sixty and early seventies (the date date is distinguished in the 1969 or 1970s) is ready to allow the British Board of Film Sensors, and the incestuous theme is clearly off-limits. (American title for the film 'Brotherly Love', but not used in Britain, it is indicative of the likes of BBFC). These references have always evolved and Charles has led to his moral decline, resulting in a hole in the center with a hole. 4/10
