Jeffrey Combs is a mad scientist whose stem cell research converts a rational scheme to create a hybrid hummerhead shark humanoid lifestyle, giving birth to a brand new breed in the womb of Hunter. Typhoid is very difficult and her boyfriend William Forsyth is not easy to fight her without fighting. <br /> You are both in Tail and Forsyth, and in his insidious castle, where his employees and business executives Arthur Roberts have worked together with Cobbs, who once worked for Cobbs (once worked for a scientist Roberts, and his vacant position). The island provides the opportunity to replace the latest victims for his work and "son". They feel a professional affair with regard to progress in stem cell research which leads to cures for a variety of diseases. Combs' son died of kidney cancer, who decided to conduct his mad science, created this blood-breathing, meat-eating creature, which could drive to dive and dried ground (although initially outside of the short period of Hammerhead). The Times Cobbs dated with son, so both worked for Roberts, who worked with his trophy wife Maria Ignatova. Tyler and Forsyth, Roberts and Ignatova, along with their colleagues Elis Müller and GR Johnson. Combs place them in a meeting room, but he can escape to the island when he sends his paying members. Its payment hired soldier and Hammerhead Shark's son. <br /> <br /> The features of this psychedelia-ph-channel organism features, Hammerhead: A shark that has a hard time seeing sharks unreasonably some unappealing computer effects and attacks (you rips apart shark rips apart) has a hard time you've ever seen any ghoulish carnage -Must, filmed in silly camera format. You have eaten a person (like a peg to the shreds), but the attacks will burn them in a very unstable manner, this is true, it's misuse. The monster did not see it completely, and the fear of the victim was slightly tangible to the eye or body part. One thing is perfect, you will see the teeth. We're taking Hammer Head Shark's CG shots off the screen, ready to dinner on the meat. A stable (and later) victims attack, we see a great deal of bub's bits to the surface of blood and water (the director of Michael Oblowitz's main queue as information to the viewer that this is really torn. <br /> <br /> The whites are new Do not break the ground, but it is always possible to know the silence with a cold-blood test solution Is an entertaining electronix winner (he really pulls it out) in the role of a rare clean-cut hero, who has a very different role in the tie, and a scientist can help him well.Roberts has a role of millions of businessmen in his sleep Plays, and it's Combs soldiers (although his duty is not pleasant) It's nice to see the machine gun shoot, and it is also entertaining with the automatic machine guns that are detained in the Forteeth and tie-in-the-counter automated machine guns.As expected, the screenwriting allows them to keep themselves unnecessary at risk for their sins. The intent, seriously, these people know Human anatomy that can do it so that the attack can not be so damaged after seeing what is happening? Beautiful exotic setting is great.
