This compilation of this 1976 version of a star takes into consideration: Barbara Streisand's seven minutes and forty two short sessions, another two and a half minute freeze frame frame frame striking - Striking Christ-like posture-end credit. Barbara's distinctive scene The dead center does not have more than ten minutes of uninterrupted minutes, filling the big screen with an unyielding ego. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: This musical story revolves around the romance between the two musical superstars, but streamsand songs are performed perfectly - including the endless ending - her expensive Chris Christopheran does not even allow him to complete a song. <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears at least six times in credits, including "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her room) - and she has also sought, but has not received a co-directed credit. She is an executive producer of credits, producer credit goes to her then-boyfriend and former hairstyle, Joan Peters. Hence, Straitsend controls the last knife of the film, which explains why she was disappointed with the distortion of the images. It is impossible to explain, the Great Diva has given every opportunity to make good, and their efforts are striking badly. Although it is one of Streisand's greatest box office hits, this is her worst movie and her worst performance. <br /> <br /> However, the sex drugs and rock streamshield Ester Halfman, from Hollywood, shares a fast line with a pop singer on the steep road, Christopher's John Norman Howard, a tough rocker title for the housewife of off-rush . In the previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Mine" sacrifices his leading man to help newly "Vickie Leester" achieve his success. In the seventies of the feminine, Streisand & Co. To tell their heroine that they owe nothing to a person, so the trajectory is skewed; She can succeed or not without him and he is very beautiful at the bottom of the scene; He will have to cope with the name of love. <br /> <br /> The fact that Christopher's songs are reliably filled in the film is material; Making a little effort to give up a lot of performance, and it delivers his ambitious, careless character correctly. On the other hand, honesty does not show a moment in his entire time on the Streisand screen. Everything she could do was very rehearsed, at least seemed to be very controlled. Even her clear statement libs awkwardly premeditated and angled emotions her moments of cold mechanics. The two are not chemistry and the central love affair is totally unreliable. You may think that his character is a young man's age and a symbol of innocence, at the age of 34, Straussand does not seem particularly youthful or innocent. The only attraction she gives her is to drive her fast. In fact, the film was originally tough to play Straussand's role in an openly exploitative villain role, a film that could have a spark and could have been in existence. But I do film producers in fact see Esther as a sympathetic victim; How cool they are cold-blooded and self-absorbed does she seem to be just savvy. But Sensitivity is not one of the strong points of the film: Barbara two African American band singers note that the little joke will be able to indulge in the lame racism of the movie trio Oreos Call. Esther is more likely to use her reputation as Hoffman, and the filmmakers have changed the role of previous films from "Esther Bladgett", so that the Straitsand could not endure a very unwanted Jewish or unattractive name. A lot for racial pride. <br /> <br /> The front of the film's release is near the legends in the background of the stabbing and backing, so the film is very polished. The nominal director Frank Pearson seems to have distributed raw material for a good film, with a substantial help from ace cinematographer Robert Sardis. And the film serves its purpose, including the soundtrack album of good pop voices (including Paul Williams and Straussand Oscar-winning "Evergreen"). But overall, the film claims that she does not like Streisand, a vanity project.
