I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I have ever seen. Ironically, I thought it would be better for this, not least because of the previously seen the movie (Prom Night II) hate me. I saw the clock and just 90 minutes after leaving the theater gadicinappudu was my response. It seemed many years. It is the poor people of the endless repetition, or everybody, beating, another hit, another hit, another avamanaparacadam, the process is repeated, however, our other functions shampoo, stupid people, a team of Jerry Springer mill for the grist to give their lives seriously, how would spoil the story, Because the inertia of the characters is fully developed The is. It is impossible to pay attention to what will happen to them. They never objected to me in the show, or about what they said or who they were sleeping. Maybe I do not care about them. Perhaps I'd like to see some kind of funny - to see their outrageous behavior internally funny. Not too bad. Humor is not worse. It is not harmful. It is predictable. Humor has something on it, painful sarcasm or life experience, to work. Skateology is not intellectual. An example. A mother holds her daughter and her husband on the bed. Trailer Park to protest her love for her daughter to get his revenge and gives oral sex. నేను చాలాకాలం క్రితం జెర్రీ స్ప్రింగర్ యొక్క షాక్ మీద ఉన్నప్పటి నుండి, నేను ఆండ్రూ డైస్ క్లే యొక్క అశ్లీల నర్సరీ ప్రాసకులకు అదే ప్రతిచర్యను కలిగి ఉన్నాను; Do not laugh, just yawn. Finally, I found Springer's prominent tiresome and incredible. అతను నిజంగా పేదలకు న్యాయవాది అయితే, అతను న్యూయార్క్ నగరంలో ఆమె పిల్లలను సంవత్సరానికి $ 12,000 లో పెంచుకోవటానికి ప్రయత్నిస్తున్నట్లు మాట్లాడటానికి బెడ్-స్టై నుండి ఒకే తల్లిని తీసుకురాను. Or, when it fails, the participants of his programs will have to give a minimum of cuts to its profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his film, his book and videos. His guests just get a round trip airfare, hotel accommodation, and the opportunity to insult themselves. If he likes a very poor people, I give him some money to earn some money. Springer wanted to make this film so he could get some legitimacy for himself. Geez, with his good work, thinks he already has gotten our respect. Anyhow, the film is weak and boring. It is also unsuccessful. If you'd like an even better evening, watch a video tape for a night and see a bug Zappper.
