On September 26, 1983, a small dampi 60-year-old woman was prosecuted for the attempted murder of Leonie Huddd, whose husband had recently died and agreed to take part in a lodger that came from the elderly homeowners authority. Hadad was unaware that her new Ludger was actually fresh from the Paton State Mental Hospital, where she was imprisoned for three years in a brutal attack that did not attack a married couple. Hadded soon realized that Denmark had some decomposition when a woman began locking herself in a bathroom with a tape recorder about seven goddesses. The bread that was pronounced "God inspired me to kill you" took hold of the knife and blocked his chest and was sleeping when she was sleeping when her lodger was sleeping. Hadad made her hit with a telephone but before she lost her finger, she faced deep shots on her face and chest. It is a miracle that she survived. Lodger was judged innocent as a madman but was sent back to the laughing academy, kicking and screaming. Ten years later she was released and found that she is now a celebrity; But she is not for the brutal attacks on innocent victims, but she's 'Curves Queen', 'Tennessee Teas' and 'Miss Pin Up Girl of the World' for the incarnation 25 years ago - The Notorious Betty Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, famously known for 'American Psycho', brings us back to the glory days of the legendary cheese and slavery model (fits by Gretchen Mole). From the comic books to the catbox, whose effect is to be found. T.N.B.P is a daily one star of Pocket Size Men's Glashes, with the help of a 1950s page, page, good family of friends and family of photographers, Wink, Tab and Parade. In 1957, a brush film with her and her accompanying allegations against pornography allegations escaped, leading to her retirement from modeling and giving her a god. The overall style of the film is light and frontal and dark is only the concealment of her father's absurdly attentive and sexual abuse, which appears to be unclear to her. Mole plays the page in her photographs, happy, reckless, and fun - slavery shots can even bet a little more than a good laughable winner. I think it's important to be the main story of the page, as the film ends up with fun, page honesty, personal tragedy and the insanity of the premeditated murders that are not good enough for the page - reincarnation and resurrection. <br /> <br /> She grew up in the mid-1980s after a decade-after emergence from the page of detention, and she became a huge underground symbol, a number of people asking for "page" at this time. Her 'mysterious' disappearance is only the kind of conspiracy theories have added to the attraction of her legend. When World Media finally caught her with her, she did not give a hint of her dark past, and soon Magazines, T.V. Interviews and playmaking parties with Pimela Anderson and the paranoid Anna Nicole Smith. It is now known that she is now more popular than she has been in 'years of fame', but the 'resurrection' light was the only time before it came to light the full story. <br /> <br /> The only terrible thing about Notorious Betty Page is that they left the role when she was really sensational.
