"The 700 Club" is the largest television program in television history. To make matters worse, it has been in the air since 1966, and millions of people are referring to thousands of people who are buying their hatred and lies. "The 700 Club", led by the Christian Coalition's entrepreneurial, MegaMonnocal Founder and Leader Pat Robertson, seeks to broadcast "news" to mislead us and seek to persuade its audience The problems in the world are homosexuals, the Vicans, New Age authors, Muslims and Jews , Ha Nduvulu, fundamentalist Christians, Democrats, single mothers, aliens, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists, fanatical religious views. This is truly the best fake news from "Fox News" for "The Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" section of "Saturday Night Live" or for that matter. In fact, Pat always makes everybody who makes decisions, says what's in the mind, it hurts or hurts. In the meantime, the role continues in the fight to change the United States into a military police station, each faction of their own, and the other one seeking a donation - a little bit little member of the way - for the patriotic African diamond mines funding and environmental abuse In the past, the government has seriously rejected organizations C oil purchase. Remember that Pat is good friends with Zayre and Zimbabwe's rhetoric dictators for earning such a wealth; Do not you know, for God's great glory? And "The 700 Club" host, always, "the audience had written," the letters read to, coincidentally in the same format type, and everyone else, "the crowd," the paper of the same paper, on the other host (the "words of wisdom", they have to be) the suffering and healed, but They did not appear in the program to tell them what had happened. Honestly, how can one take a demonstration seriously when using a poor applause record? <br /> <br /> Pat's close friends and audiences can not understand what a tragic thing is missing or do not recognize the terrible things he's going to do. This was a person who accepted the felicitation of the terrorist attacks on the United States on September 11, 2001 as a result of our acceptance of homosexuality and our acceptance of feminism. There is little doubt that he was twice as legitimate to implement a nuclear weapon in the State Department, and that his wealth was not arrested for such statements. His medals were interesting for homosexuals, single mothers and sexual practices to consider him as "sinful", and many of the prostitutes were often familiar with during the Korean War. As the Bible says, it is worthwhile and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - thank you, there are many children born to single Korean mothers. Then, of course, he is the time that is for the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (he is not a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and soon this time "crusader for human life" do not forget the time to support forced abortion in China. <br /> <br /> If you forgot the pat, the Gospel Christians did not forget his short speech on this day. In Nazi Germany. "I honestly say that Holocaust's horror is almost unforgivable to compare her" misfortune. "I said that he was lying in the Nazi party in the tragic attempt to disturb the homosexuals. Pat Robertson is the largest in history Rohalalo one. He, however, Pinocchio, his nose that surrounds the earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, many people believe him every day. This is your wakeup call, people, "The 700 Club," a television program in history is not very strange. It's It's a good wolf-it's a wolf-sheep dress that's so big that it's clean, beautiful, and loving . In the Middle East, some groups hostile, dangerous religious views, which proves that there is a limit. The Christian faith teaches that Jesus, who do not even go against everything, this "club" to be seen, he ennukodu them. బదులుగా, అతను తన సమయాన్ని పార్శీలు చేసాడు మరియు అతని కాలంలోని సమాజమందిరం ముందు చేసినట్లుగా వారి టెలీథెన్స్ యొక్క డబ్బు డబ్బాలను త్రోసిపుచ్చినట్లు అతను వాటిని శిక్షించటం చేస్తాడు. Thanks to God what I say is not possible to become a pat president. If he does, he will be the messenger of Armageddon - not to the good people.
