I do not believe I've always been a more nasty or sinister television program to broadcast in the United States in the 700 clubs. These are equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan of the 20th century. Good and sweet and human and all that is pure is beyond all capacity to understand all their hatred. Their daily routine attacks on millions and millions of Americans have never seen billions of humans around the world, their big, ruthless, overwhelming, and unthinkable television that is totally unthinkable. The losers are in their fantasy, as they are actually mentally ill, like "life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil". Sane people know religion is a medicine and do not let them get used to that kind of fantasy. However, the 700 club is in a classroom. They really are a culture. I believe in freedom of speech, hate, lies and faults, and such fantastic ideas are beyond all limits. I hope one day the American Psychiatric Association will eventually take the study of the people that they cheat themselves, the people who are able to sink deeper into religion fantasy land that they no longer have any real feeling of reality. Since many people completely lose their minds to religion's fantasy, the treatment of such traumatic persons is essential in this country. The 700 clubs, however, led to a legitimate explanation of 'Cult' but were more terrible, but the vast wealth of the 700 club was due to every day from the millions of Americans locked in their fraudulent grip. You know that you have seen the film "The Matrix" is a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil people in every one who are trapped in and out of the brutal abuse they have committed, and the lives of the dead and millions of people who live in their lives are human beings And who have lost the ability to perceive what is really happening around them. <br /> In lesser civilizations, good towns run giants that are associated with more than 700 clubs with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world we have no way to escape the 700 club club plagues when we lose all options in the choice of television selectors. <br /> <br /> Television ratings system and TV "V" chip also have a rating called "R" for religion, so rational people and related parents can easily open such vicious intellectual and brutal emotional abuse, the 700 clubs each Day from their country, from their children and their children.
