Here is a classic case of our country's development. This is very small when you live in a small country (nothing, even) movie history. When will someone come with a slightly more prestigious film project? Unlike ordinary plays about local comedian farmers' families or long movie films? Everyone is obliged to love it and to spread positive reviews across the borders of the country. This particular film is unique because the author / director is already the country's girlfriend, he is the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way Wind Blows" is not a bad movie, but it is definitely overrated (if it is possible in a small country's borders) and there is nothing new or remotely original. It is basically a Flemish version of classic movies such as "Shortcuts" and "Magnolia", and refers to the mosaic of characters appearing in the beginning of everyday life at first. The only thing that seems to unite eight major leaders at first is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deep connections between them are transparent and meet all parties at the climax. The main problem with "A Way to the Wind Blows" is, at least according to you, with characters. They do not really feel anything that can be considered random, uninteresting and honest simple. Perhaps the author / director Tom Barman's intention of portraying the ordinary & ordinary resident of Antwerp, though, seriously, what is the point? One of the roles that has been removed from his film projection programs, the other being the novelist novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, two siblings recently lost their father, and many of them are "mysteries", followed by the wind of his departure. Both characters are regularly driven by the screen, but they are also less valuable. These people come to think about philosophy about just the most random issues (such as life, dates, and intestinal motions in the 80s) and things that no one cares about. Some dialogues are lightweight chuckles, especially between two twenty-something guys from Ghent, but still unusual or even memorable. The film really works better as Antwerp City and as a tourism video as an extensive & versatile music documentary. Antwerp's has many stylish & nifty site images and displays beautifully beautiful music, whether it's really loud or subtle in the background. Usually "Any Way Wind Blows" is a competing and stylish attempt, but it is a lot more mundane and slightly boring, and honestly, most of its fans are worried about not being a Flemish product.
