* Spoilers may have * A few weeks after I first wrote my review for the hood of Living Dead I realized that this film might be a bit too tough. I decided to do something I did never do. Review the same movie again and again. Do not make me wrong, I do not like the movie and think it's spill, and I feel that I have not seen zombies that zombie-is yet. The story is still my opinion, weak and dull. The story is a man with Rick, who works as a scientist (heals sick animals and animals in his animals and his brother Jermain), both of which are not exactly the best in my N, the original plot point) and most argue. One day Jermain was shot in a drive-through shoot, and Rick calls his friend's friend to bring a serum to try to revive Jermain (most are called 911 but anyway), naturally the serum fails, and Germany will "die" (there is no film if it does not) And after the clergy (end of time (I still believe that it is still a "grandson" van of the "deacon"), and Jermain refused to kill and kill paramedics. I talk more about the plot, but if I want to see more about the story, if you do not want to see it (now we want?), But that story is at least in my mind) Menders and slow moves (pun intended). As I mentioned in my review in the past, most zombies do not look like zombies, and I still feel they're in a bar fight. They all should be shrinking and whatnot, but it still does not mean that there should be at least bite marks on the victims. Yet I still do not like the fact that the director (s) switch to the pace which constantly move zombies. They did not seem to decide on whether they really could run zombies or have shamble (do most zombie movies), I can not get it wrong, I'm all running zombies but your mind is made up of people. In a scene goes to the zombie creature, and among other things he is damaged by them. And sometimes they seem ridiculous (yes, I know their fictional creatures but still), I suggest a zombie running his hand on the wall as he walks through a dark room, like a zombie lying on the ground, shot and killed, just like he was. The sound in the picture is mainly music, but it does not exist if I do not have a copy of my image. Music is important folks in a movie. As a sound editing director, just a friend took a camcorder and filmed a small zombie picture. This acting is even worse (in my opinion) and the Japanese zombie movie is equal to American "actors" from junk. The film is still bad, Dead of the Dead is bad, it's fine, there's no doubt about it, but again that's not too much. It's not the worst film out there, and there are better than most of the video movies live but it's not good at the end of the day. I think the movie really really slowly moves, despite the fact that even an hour and twenty or so minutes (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). I think the film is better suited to broadcast on this size-free network. That's why I was responsible for giving out this defeat of ten. But think of it, at least it's not negative.
