In director Suraj Bajataya's Vivah, a 20-year-old Delhi boy Shahid Kapoor kills himself and his father is a small town girl who has chosen to marry him. She is taken to innocence and simplicity, and Shahid accepts only moments after meeting her at her home in Madhubur and looks like an attractive gift to a young man named Amrita Rao. This marriage is fixed after six months, and the pair find their own in the first throes of young, junior love, their geographical distance. But after the death of her parents she is facing a terrible disaster just hours before Amrita's wedding, which she grew up with her uncle and her aunt. After that, it was played with respectable lover and filled with condition. In the same vein as her hum Aapke Hain Kaun and Hum Saath Sat Hain, Barzatya's new film, Vivah also features a family drama story. But unfortunately, the plot of this new film is outdated, which is far more than the recession of Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear? You can not simply relate to sensitive and pure roles that do not have a bad bone in their bodies. Hindi films are compatible and there are many tasks, and timing is such a significant factor. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps Vivah's plot may not have felt like a stretch, but today it seems like a product of a mind stuck in the warp. The only save grace of the film can probably be made immediately that it oozes full confidence from the beginning, you can not cheat the intent of the filmmaker. Judge by previous pictures of Barzatia and checking this new belief that you believe in the whole world, that he believes in his good-gold roles, and that he believes that larger families can live together in the same roof. But alas, he could not translate his attention to the screen. How difficult is it to monitor a single dimensional of his prophets? Both Shahid and Amrita, Sadhguru and Virus? I mean, think about it, for the first time they have an hour and twenty minute film holding hands. Bajathey may think that he will return to his Maine Pyar Kaya roots with Viva, but it is true that we have Salman and Bhagyasini embraced in this film or Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Kaun is also such a fantastic chemistry. Although they were created from a single vowel like Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, those couples had riots and masters. Shahid and Amrita are just deception and bored. For a film based on its heavily based musicals to explain its story, the filmmaker chooses a string of 70-phase voices, which further slows the film's Malin pace. But I had to choose just one reason why Vivah did not work for me. Because I'm not sure what the characters in the Brahmanical story are related to. For some people, Vivah gives hope, and it seems that this perfect world is somewhere. But I guess I'm a little dumb. So, give me a Macquarie from Hugh Aapke Hain Coin, Maine Pyar Kiya's Brettie Salman, and I will also take Hum Saath Saat Hain's hypocritical Karisma Kapoor. But save me from these exemptions. You know, some weddings are not in heaven. This guy is Vivah!
