The DVD release of this semi-forgotten 1976 musical drama to invest in the long-awaited "Dreamgirls" film, was inspired by the inspiration of Supers. The Broadway Opening of "Dreamgirls" was released in five years, partially set in the same period, featuring a black story and a story revolving around a hero's gang and ends with a comparison. The film, written by Joel Schumacher before becoming a major-league director of the mainstream studio production ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), appears to be a grid on the surface. However, Schumacher weakens the strike and character development, which stimulates many clicks and eye-rolling one-liner. Sam Osteen, the most respected film editor, neoptoe director, produces low-budget TV-movie production, producing semi-producing episodic architecture, with less contact with musical numbers. Three Harlem Sisters - Sexy Sister, Self-Justified and Sweet Glaze - Find the first flavor of the singing team, combined with soft-spoken but well-thought boy sticks and levi, as they sing in the singing choir, calling a sweater-wearing quintet hearts, Like a fascinating trilogy. But naturally there are issues outside of the crazy name for the group - the sister is beating her and the bad drug dealer who turns into a cocaine junkie is associated with Satin Struthers; Levi goes to jail for being caught in a drug pickup for Savin; Sticks are frustrated by the failure of some Jewish migrants for financial help and their awkwardness; Dealers are just plain boring; And the poor little lightning has to decide what future she wants. <br /> <br /> A great plus R & B writes great Curtis Mayfield weather songs, some impressive and one, true winner "Look Into Your Heart". <br /> <br /> The strongest cast is the best of contrived situations. Lonette McKee's valiant attempt to reduce the sister's tragic number by ham-fisted plot twists, including denials such as Billy Halliday at Miss, misses. Before they were heavily hit on primetime TV, Philip played the role of Michael Thomas and Dorian Hervwood Sticks and Levi with a young child's charisma, very loyal. The best work she finds is the girl's patient from Mary Alice and exudes honesty in the title role like Pre-"Fame" Irene Cara (she will score in the final scene while filmed for her costumer and hair stylist bizarre look). The DVD comes with an unfinished voice-over by the DJ Casey Cassam and a five-track bonus CD not performed by the original cast, though the original theatrical trailer is on the 1976 recording of the soundtrack by Aretha Franklin. It's not a horrible movie, "Dreamgirls" is a curious if the lack of curio that takes place on the same field.
