Do you know the child's artistic concept? Although no three years old is always a great Picasso who has achieved their fingers, you are encouraging them to do more. If painting is happy, parents should get the baby back. Generally, if a child wants to paint or draw, you will immediately see the foundation of their future style. You begin to see their true form in the most ancient doodles. Well, this concept of child art is how I feel about Fuqua's depressingly cheap and uncreative film byte. This is a terrible picture of all accounts, which can also occur in the style of the Fueck. If you see either Training Day or King Arthur, you will be impressed by the director's birth in his second film byte. While Foxx gives a terrible, unchained appearance, there are few scenes which define Fuqua and demonstrate his brilliance behind the camera. Sadly it only emerged in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you look at those scenes, Fuwa's name is "Best Off" <br /> <br /> I'm disagreeing with anyone that Fuqua's eye is refreshing and unique behind the camera. His ability to place a camera in places to tell simple emotions is surprising. I'm shocked not to jump into this relationship more of Hollywood's. Even in the silly feature byte, you witness the greatness of Fuqua. The two sequences that are straightforward are in the middle of the film, with the explosion scene and the horse scene close to the end. In these scenes I saw Fukuva, who worked as a director. Alas, in the rest of the film, the combination of all the action films I've seen. Suddenly, the hero who loves his luck is a traditional architect that needs to die in Hollywood, suddenly by some unknown forces in his life. We often see these twice, and if you're someone (not just Charlie Kaufmann), you can not rebuild the cycle. This is impossible with this genre, and it is proven by the byte. It frustrated with Phukwa to explain why I was sitting back and took three views to complete the film. <br /> When I was thinking of redefining Fucci, he was not. <br /> Then, acting was done. Jamie Fox never impressed me as an actor, but I tried this helpline. I wish he could remove another dramatic role as an interaction. I thought this is a picture that Foxx has chosen to represent the producers who can play the role of a mutual role. Again, I was disappointed. Fox is annoying. It was not his character, but Fox or Fox did not feel any idea that anyone should be trained and trained on time. Plot. Instead, the audience was suppressed with the scene with the fax scene trying to make a smile. The second is a long acting and advertisements advertisements to make his audience first as a comedian, the latter to become an actor. Fuqua should have stopped this immediately. Fox's jokes have ruined his character, which is hard to catch me. Instead of character development, he breaks the joke. No style work, no joke is funny. The remaining cast is average. That's why I saw all the same characters. They are nothing new to the table, there is nothing to the story, and it is not significant for the overall themes of the film. They are filling in dead air and pawns. Phuqua does not control this chaos and the final judgment only supports that accusation. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a sad picture. With no creativity trying to upstage themselves to scenery and unmanaged actors, it actually started a good story and finally sunk rapidly into the movie Quicksand. Without Foxx's characters, the cheese is off without full bag. In every scene I had no emotion, and when emotion was needed to inform a message, he chose to take his shirt rather than to overcome the problems. Are my words rigid? I do not think so. When you look at any movie you would like to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to be close to home. None of these are available. While the Fua gives some credit for two scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred are deadly. <br /> <br /> When I rented the movie, I took the bait, but as I now see, I can not stop others from taking that food. <br /> Grade: ** ***** Two scenes were fun to watch)
