WATERDANCE (1991) The Watertans' main role, played by Eric Stoltz, was discovered by the Rehabilitation Center, as well as others who were injured. And there he is confined to a wheelchair and has to face a tough new life. It's an interesting, and hopeful mantle, but unfortunately, it has failed to expand. Instead of much more Hollywood Schmalmtz, with some interesting moves. Absolutely cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsyth, Wesley Snipes, and others) is great, and are anticipated here as well, but wasting their talents. Characters are a type or another, and most of them are completely unseen (snipes character is exception). I feel like trying to break people's opinions about these people's thoughts, disability, or "weaknesses", most of which, as your face is intelligence, is a completely annoying experience. It's not fun or romantic for those with permanent disabilities, it's useful and not a good idea, but it's a difficult person when filming this process, and it's worth dealing with, it's not the part and parcel that these characters, the degrees are different, despicable. They should not be DisneyDide; There is necessarily somewhere in the middle. By the end of the film, Eric Stoltz's character has been acknowledged by his status as a disabled person, but from such a burning narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film, we can not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to its role issues, the film is suffering from very unnatural syndrome, most Hollywood movies are suffering; Syndrome has no official name, but you can call it "unsustainable forgiveness syndrome". Characters typically include: All of the characters are erased in the forgiveness of each and all can not be forgiven (this is a particularly frivolous example in The Breakfast Club, where one character spends most of the time, the film loves him, one of the latest examples, Spiderman 3, Supervillain The Wastes in an episode of Sandman Manhattan Alu, then 15 Spiderman "by now," waved in front of it with any amount). The greatest example of IFS in The Waterfans is the example of William Forshith's racist biker character and his friends calling the previous scene, Wesley Snipes's character is dissatisfied with the role of the same Forsythey. The next sequence was only a matter of time if nothing had happened. Again, without a lot of "Oh yes, sorry about that business there, you know, you're the n-word". This makes me wonder, did they actually see them before they were released or read the scene as if they closed their eyes in the compilation room, and would they call a day's work?
