For those who have a little time in their hands, in a word, I should sum it up quickly ... with curiosity. There are so many good examples of why this film is exactly the same. When you go quietly in 2 minutes, you will come up without being completely silent and inappropriate. Need a full nude woman in the first 10 minutes? You got it! The reason she found is that it is nonsense but it really sets the tone for this piece of childhood trash. You're almost glimpse of deluded minds of 12-year-old boys who wrote this piece of garbage just by looking at this trash that they expect to pay for the public !! <br /> I saw a decline in the movie franchise many years ago but the American Pie; Although the Beta House is the nature of the original film, this plot is imaginative, and you really feel like you're seeing a school play. The fact that things in this film actually take a lot of suspension of disbelief to see it (we're talking to the Star Wars levels of suspension, as some kind of need to convince Jar Jar to be true) <br /> <br /> Plots paper thin and mostly broadcasts only display another breasts Or just another arduous joke. There is no acting talent to talk about, everybody who's trying to laugh at you all. And Ohh they fail !!!! Every Gag flat comes in and I do not know how the only thing I laughed is the script writer. <br /> <br /> They describe the bulls as a story. <br /> They get every opportunity to do something worthwhile, badly written, less simple and unimpressed. The numbers must be completed before the letters are accepted as beta-house members, but this can be very short of short term mantage sequences, completing tasks, but there is no evidence on it. It's a very lazy way to tell a story. (Such as the Wizard of Oz, all the important events took place offscreen instead of it, and all we see is now Dorothy's high-scaring scarecrow that "Gee sure we have a great adventure") Lazy. Lazy. <br /> Women's characters do not say much or nothing. All of this is naked without obvious reason and can be used as visual clues through movies. Breaddes that you only prefer T & A are not disappointed, but that's why you are only insulted. If you buy this on DVD, you will contribute to your own particular way of societal collapse. Congratulations.
