Stifler, who has completed running his naked mile and is now attending the beta house. Crazy stuff takes place, people walk around naked and make intellectual fun and this series is dead in water. Naked Mile is a worst movie, but I found the Band Camp was fine then. It seems to have gone back to what they did not work and shows they will not care either. They can tell you where the target audience is and what they are hanging in. <br /> <br /> Young Teenage boys who like to see naked women, raw humor and beer drink love the beta house and look very nice for everyone. <br /> <br /> Star Wars is a huge success that surprises the audience, time special effects. The Lord of the Rings created the whole world of mythical creatures and created a huge eye-opening eye. Matrix changed the way and Science / Film films were specially designed with Cutting Edge Special Effects. With all the development of technology, we are eagerly looking forward to the next big thing that our jaws have fallen into the floor. Then American pie: Beta House, pushes the boundaries of any technology. When people create spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, the beta house decides to use this technology to create a semen. Yes, the way life is created, the things that you see in porn movies have been created and the time slowly slows down the white residences in the teddy bear's room. This funny? Disgusting? Neither? The beta house shows more nudity, and then it is surprising to take into consideration the title in cash miles, previous installments. Need a picture? In fact, would it always bring the plot forward? Do you ever laugh at it? Has it ever provoked young people? Yes, women are very beautiful, but if you are a man who seems to be very naked, you may also have made a porno. <br /> <br /> The lady who holds the love of our main character is beautiful and does not hurt the audience, as I did earlier in the series, but I never believed what this character would do to her once. I'm pretty sure every action is realistic from the characters in the film. The American Pie series has fallen into fantasy from the reality of reality. Anytime the events in the film are not always happening, I should attend this school immediately. Does the people feel like they have a good time? Not good, we have a good feeling, and finally we hate them for all the entertainment they have. <br /> <br /> There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in the movie, but today's audiences have decided to substitute the sublime horse semen they bullets to make them "funny". Are you still laughing? Instead of burning them with the seed in the head, or on the face, they put the gun in their mouth. Are you still laughing on the floor? For the first time we are acquainted with the Staffers Roommate, he is sex with his girlfriend. Do you still promote nudity? The first picture is that it will be boys who are trying to get into the frat house, but it will change to those who are already in frat house, but need to do some things. It will then change to the competition between intellectuals and boys. It goes a bit of "nerds revenge" on us a bit for a bit and it looks out of place. I honestly do not know about this film because it goes to all the places. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy looks for a shock value. In the beginning also the father showing his son a list of people he had sex. I think joke is somewhere, I think it's not the last name of his wife's list, or the list of his son's friend's mother. <br /> If you do not expect yet, I guess, this movie is not funny. Or it will focus on, the story is shocked and the shock that is raw humor that is called the series. Skip this lap and any of the future. I do not know why all the entries in the series are visible, but for some unknown reasons they have found their way to my eyes.
