... Jamie Fox will deliver such a spectacular, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons why I was impressed with Fox's performance in "Right" is because I do not expect him to always keep an Oscar because of his good and bad performance in films such as "Byte" and "Booty Call". If I told you five years ago that Jamie Fox was going to win a day Oscar, I would laugh at their faces. Who knows? Perhaps he's good off sticking to drama, if you see "byte" it's clear that comedy is not his fort. I will make a lot of jamie cups in this film, I'm surprised that his face did not fall. And why should he make those stupid voices at every opportunity he gets? Anyone familiar with comedians such as Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that comedy is not too loud and bad. If a joke is funny, it's funny. It's not funny, then some silly voice will not be any fun. The problem with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they like to laugh in the role. In real life, ordinary people do not always have witty returns and criticism. In an interview with Albert Brooks about his role in "Taxi Driver", it's important to be funny as your character, rather than funny. The main example of Jamie's infringement on the rule is that his mug shots are a frustrating scene, and he starts to be photographed as a model. If an ordinary person is thrown in jail, will he really act as a goof when his mug shots are taken? Is not the police try to scold him if he is? There are many scenes across the film. Another terrible sequence was Jamie, with the villain unaware of the phone and he started doing a fraudulent Caribbean slang. Not funny! Jamie did not say he would not be joking. A funny performance requires patience, but it goes straight to the punchline that he is not the right time or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epipse fan, but his appearance is very good at Jamie's likeness. In fact, the first time I felt relieved when he appeared on the screen. Epipse has the same errors when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a low-key approach. One of the few bright spots in this clunker of comedy David Morse, the most echoed actor, is largely famous for his supporting villains. The only actor he has starred in the film is in reality. However, fellow "Green Mile" star Dau Hutchison is as frustrating as the villain. A great surprise, he gave a tremendous performance into consideration "Green Mile," also play massive. Antoine Phukwa proved his direct chaps in the films "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". "Byte" also shows that he can direct the action scene to a hell. His only problem was that Jamie Fox was in the discipline, perhaps one after another, improving half the script with a bad joke. Please do not take the bait, unless you have the fox's die hard fan.
