The German nut case has Jorg Buttegaert fans - but I do not know why, and I'm not one of them definitely! The only thing I saw before was the Naporantic film but I hate every minute, but - scary - this movie is terrible! Der Todesking Nekromantik is similarly meaningless, but it's a miserable movie because it's boring in the way some movies ever managed (it's not the Blair Witch project too badly). Some say that the film is 'ill,' and 'shocked', but this is not true. The director may make a point about death, but he knows it only. Anyone can see this film and anything other than boredom is completely beyond me. The film revolves around the background of suicide, and follows the deaths of seven different people in a week. Yes, we mean we have a meaningless and boring episode for Monday, a meaningless and boring episode for a meaningless and boring episode on Tuesday, Wednesday etc. This film makes me more boring than my average weekly! <br /> <br /> Der Todding is obviously an 'art' film, although it seems to be a reflection of any sort of similarity to the art of 'art'. Each piece of the film is intended to tell a special story - but it is not! We take a little sketch to suicide, and it's no surprise to you. The picture feels like the image should be deep, but there is a great big vacuum to be intelligent and there is nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some remarkable images; But I do not have the opportunity to remember any of them for more than a week because this film is not just that memorable. There is a shot involving the body of a spoiled person who has very often, but it gets old pretty quickly and the rest of you all the miserable picture remaining. If I'm struggling to do good things about this bad thing, this is what I can think of; The title sounds cool. As I mentioned, Neoconutique is the only film I have seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Scrame and Negroponic 2, and now I'm really rush to watch either. Der Todesking is a dull image that is at no point and it is very bad for anyone who calls it 'art'. Give it a miss.
