To avoid confusion, let me clarify some points: I am not a red neck. I am not right or conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: a libertarian. <br /> <br /> George Louis Borges has poetical folk species and these tragic people usually earn poetry in their lifestyle. I respect this film and poetry for people and demonstrations, and I respect the people or life of other people (especially victims of 'bloody imperialists' thought to have been killed in the Yankee soil) for people who are not dependent or meaningless. I also find the eleven minutes nine parts, nine seconds and a frame's special marketing idea, particularly as a bizarre and repulsive. Just plain terrible. Why are they allocating a multi-dollar budget to the episode because people have been killed by someone in the attack? The whole idea is somewhere between the stupidity and neglect of fascism. Those who are serious about anyone (and seriously about life and death) who have been severely rejected are rejected by the invadenders and non-sequencers. With two exceptions: The episode of Burkina Faso - almost amusing - and from India - is the story of an unjust and misguided man who has been involved in the attack, then he returns home and says that he is an American Muslim (and he is honored as a hero when he is found out the facts) said. <br /> <br /> First: 'I do not care about thousands of victims: Americans, aliens, children, teenagers, adults, old timers ...' and can return to the lack of pure boredom and emotion. Makhmalbaf's (Iran); Lelches (France) ?? I'm afraid it's going to be a religious belief from Lelles, but perhaps his piece may be built on an idea that is almost original; Tanovik (Bosnia-Herzegovina); Gonzalez Ingoratus (Mexico); Guitar (Israel); Pens (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: 'Bloody Yankees deserves it'. And despair and hatred can be returned. Chahain (Egypt) confirms suicide bombers; Loach (UK) 9/11 Some kind of punitive punishment for serial-killer Augusto Pinachate for supporting the United States for negligent attacks, in fact, Mr. Loach is not linked to al-Qaeda by Pinachhet victims and Chile is a South American nation, which has the unique presence. Bin Laden needs to be ignored, he also said that the American government's sanctions against Chilean dictatorship were harder than any other material; And, Imamura (Japan) is agile that the WWII is related to the WTC. In Imamura there is at least a compound: the hypothetical factor is that the gender of the effect is utterly ineffective, which can be accompanied by his episode, including the one who believes in his sin. It's unclear. It's very ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There are some errors in error, including some Americans, who believe that the film is commercially displayed in a number of ways. Censorship. Nothing more from the truth: this film is not displayed in the states because it is totally unsuccessful. The wackyest type is a flop. Buenos Aires, Pheronism and other forms of fascism are near and admire the hearts of a large number of its inhabitants and anti-American opposition, which is strongly demonstrated in the changing rooms in the theaters and has been praised by many selected people: giving their appreciation to simple equivalent 'praise' eyeglasses Normal sad Some are my. McDonald's fast food restaurant or perchance was burned gray when he saw the older Jew.
