This is nothing more than an extraordinary coincidence. I decided to see STARIFIF during the 59th anniversary of June, when the US military forces of President Truman entered the Korean War in 1950. Travis Air Force Base in California has long been at the base when using a staging post for soldiers to fight in Korea. But you have to do your own research because the film does not have the name 'Korea' once. We go to the latest planes and look at flights with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of when these men are in battle or wounded. It's a weird type of film designed to wave the flag and uniformly respect America's men. Released in December 1951 by Warner Bros., the studio's star-studded World War Two home-front Morale booster is a clear attempt to reflect the success of "Hollywood Canteen". The 1944 group was delighted with the story of the two soldiers who left the last three nights hung in the famous military nightclub in LA, hoping to get the date with Jon Leslie. Peter Lorrey, Betty Davis, Sydney Green Street and others from John Warford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwick need to tread each star under the contract of wanders. Sterliffe has two air force soldiers hoping to meet two fictional actor Nell Wayne (Janice Rule, a mask) and convinced Warner Brothers to take part in an event to go to the group of stars. But replacing Crawford, Garfield and Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon Mac, Venezuela Mayo, Jean Nelson and Phil Harris James Cagney, Randolph Scott, Gary Cooper were embarrassed in 1952. This threadbare cast, combined with a combination of artificial product values, whose combined star power is struggling to shine a standard lamp. Perhaps a long time scenes were actually shot using a bad rear projection in trying to save money. How bad is it? You can join us when the screen meets the sound of the soundstage! Scandalizing disappointing, lazy and third-rate films, such as a disappointing, lazy and third-rate film, to describe STARLIFT. It's just terrible. Avoid this.
