I have come with high hopes in this film. Basically, I was always * fun, or I thought * to see my films and creature not too picky about movies. I will list the best parts of this film: -Being effects. All living things are well made, their movements are realistic, and more suitable for other films. To be honest, I replaced the creature with the creativity instead of 2 for this film. Now, bad things: acting. Good Lord, I have seen evil acting, but this film takes the cake. The only one of the characters is believable even * close *. The director sent a casting call and received all the worst attempts from it. I have tried very hard to laugh too loud, because I did not warm up anyone in the theater, but acting was really bad. - Storyline: Complete plots holes from the beginning of the entire story. You can select at least 5 plots of holes in any 30 minute film. The plot holes, of course, are complimentary with cheese. This is probably one of the most totally shocking stories, one of the most moody, thoughtless, I've ever seen on the screen since I've had a grave nightmare of one night sitting and watching Parasite in the SCIFI channel. -Conversation: This is a world that everyone says they probably have the cheesiest and most cliché thing, probably at every opportunity. In this world, it looks like at least 30 other low-budget creatives preceded each sentence. It's the world of cheese and cliche. Special effects. While the effects of the organism are clearer, special effects have failed miserably. Yes, they are better than what they have seen in other movies, but most are in the show. And this movie has no presentation. It seems to be as honest as the special effects used in the Power Rangers TV show. Overall: Dragon Wars is not worth your time or your money. The concept is good, but it is caught in bad direction, acting, dialogue and movie. Wait for the next big monster comes out of the picture. It's gotta that dragon wars will be much better than this, for sure terrible cause.
