I rented this from Niflix because someone gave Roger Ebert's book "I Hated, Hated, Hated This Film" and gave him a rare zero-star rating in the book and at the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time To Cut Free UK Pixels For The Poor". So I came from Ebert, and I see that it's really bad. I have never heard of a great community criticism and I have never heard of you, but I've always heard an incredible hate speech review of the junk like Ebert and never hated ten people from Never Again from Rob Reiner's "North" review. Here we have Richard Dreyfus as a gangster, if the screenplay is well written, it does not feel terrible to see Dreyfus as a gangster. But I did not write the script well for all the other things worse about this "movie". The film begins with Geoff Goldblum, who enjoyed watching Dreyfus's sweetheart, and Dreyfus was in a criminal hospital, with some good dialogue after the movie's opening credits. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes have mute roles that do not mean just 30 seconds, then someone will be shot. Then Dreyfus has a whole bunch of jokes that are mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we sang Frank Sinatra's "My Way" and the unfunny scenery was ridiculous, by Gabriel Byrne to insult Dreyfus. Because the screenplay burns Byrne over five times the sixth grader dreyfus and not because Byron will die. Want to care for the audience or look more fun? I can not say correctly or I can not recognize that funny. I was disappointed in Dreyfus (I admire him as an actor), but I was very disappointed in Jeff Gold Blum because "The Independence Day" was released in the same year, one of the most successful films of the year. Did the "Independence Day" a flop and "Gold Blame" considered the next role that "Independence Day" gave him to make some money if it was a bomb? Which actor is the Oscar winner and the biggest money maker made by movies in history? The "Mad Dog Time" opening scene tells the film to be placed on another planet. I have wasted 93 minutes watching this trash, I think it will remain in the theaters on the planet and I think it will open in the ground in theaters. Everyone on this planet will never get me from here 93 minutes I will never come back again. I'm afraid that Ebert has been cut off. Every copy of the "Mad Dog Time" gasoline has poured over everything and lit it into the fire. The worst movie I have seen so far has the top spot, because it is the most terrible film of the year.
