I did not hear about this movie until I read an article on an unknown movie website. Framado Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite movies I had past the age of sixteen years old, I still create work, attention and visuals - though I'm a worshiper of Cartoonist and myself painter, I'm a worshiper of Richard Williams Attention to the details that went into    సంబంధించి అత్యధిక కలిగి - కానీ అది మనిషి తన లోపాలు ఉంది, ముఖ్యంగా బడ్జెట్ మరియు షెడ్యూల్ పైగా వెళుతున్న కోసం ప్రవృత్తిని కలిగి ఉంది , మరియు విలియమ్స్ వంటి సూపర్-నైపుణ్యంగల వ్యక్తి కూడా సరియైన పరిస్థితులలో ఇచ్చిన ఈ చిత్రం ఎలా సరిగ్గా తప్పు అని ఒక సాక్ష్యం. <br /> <br /> <br /> Rogue on and on Andy's weird experimental and children's cartoon restrictions on the wall. It is also a musical. It tries to do a thousand and one other things - is it a freout? Was it with a mind? Is it a paean of childhood imagination innocence? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own limitless ambitions and aspirations. It's not too lucky even when it's beautifully animated, for the most part, although it's pretty bland backgrounds could have used a little more attention, but when you're confronted with the psyche absurdity that makes 'action' a lot of here. <br /> <br /> There are many problems with this film, but start with Raggie Ann and Andy. They are stars of the show, and they have no personalities. Actually, we have a unique attention on the subjects because we have a wannabe tough guy Andy (he sings "I'm no girl doll") and her owner, a little girl named Marcella, carries her upside down, but we have to have these dull-like-clay characters It's just that, because the film's silly narrative is not just a short time later. Some weird movies are so fun and I suggest the rhetoric to be "bizarre", but it's just weird. In the playroom toys and toys are supposed to be beautiful and friendly, but they are actually bizarre and upset. Everything in synchronization and two mantras is a prime example of this. But they are relatively common compared to the swirling pirate captain, whose aries are steep and his groins appear when he sees a glamorous French picture. Yes, this is a child's picture! Then there's music, none of which is not memorable, and sung all the songs that do not sing. And to add insult to injury, there are many songs in this movie. When Andy finally comes out of the player, the first thing to do is to sing in the forest about how they feared, how they always stay with each other and ... yes, we get the message. It seems to be going on forever, but at least it brings some sort of normality in the film. He starts the hallucination - if enough, he is clearly a suspicious schizophrenic - and not enough - as for a while, the camel with the wrinkle knees leads us into a hideous world. But there is nothing compared to the scenes it follows. Greedy, country, breath. There is a pool of eating, belching, taffy perennial pool, so, trippy creepy and eventually disturbing, you'll hardly believe what you've seen - this is a near-drug psychedelic experience that I've ever seen on the cinema. Then, after a l-o-n-g time spent with greedy, the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his owner King Koku, his throne resembled a urine. I can not believe I'm actually writing a cartridge explanation of a real movie here - I just remind myself that I had to rub my eyes and blogging about a tremendous whacked out nightmare I had. One part of the sequence in Looney Land is the same as one of the old Vincent McKay / Little Nemo cartoons, which is not a good reason to think that someone probably did not. Some kind of ruffy or behind it is as good as it is, but not. These scenes are just strange, and very long. Surrealism only acts against a strong idea behind it or against some similarities of surrealism. But none of these scenes have anything to do with any kind of perspective. This element is less impressive about the animation water (starting with the pirate ship, ludicrously detailed, jerks, to get out of the final scenes and you're left with a pure self-satisfaction.) <P> Some cells are missing in the product </ br> An end to the end is an event, indicating that it simply loses money. As long as 86 minutes of length, the film is always a continuous ordeal, which means why it is misleading in its original release. Animation buffs probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to pump this so fantastically, but he did, and there is nothing that anyone can do about it.
