Once again, one of the most misinterpreted gods of my country was born by her "Westerners" who did not understand the mystery of the Mother Goddess in Western forms. To destroy our inner demons, Kali Mata takes a frightening look to scare our friends. While Kali and Durga are given blood sacrifices, the events in the film are simply absurd. Our inner demons, the limits, and the usual form of anger for Agon. She loses her love, she eats all her deeds in "love", and if you love her, she will go to your heart to dance, and she will bring you reality and truth. Reality and truth are a light side as well as light, which serves as an advantage. Mother is the embodiment of the physical world, her nature. Nature is cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You will not develop and live without death and destruction. Kali represents the new significance of the universe and the power of destruction for worldly and spiritual purposes of life. It is a very outrageous for me to use it as an inexpensive courtesan to make some low budget, talentless horror movie by taking one of our beloved deities to people that do not know nothing or divineity of India. How did they take our beloved mother and make her laughter to kill their eyelids with ax? She is the only horror for those who live in their majesty and in delusion, greed, anger, and other inner demons. It is clear to me that the man who wrote the film is a very serious self-evil ego, to see the intrinsic internal-demons kali be terrible and terrible. When the ego is falling, she becomes so enchanting, beautiful and young, that she has a mesmerizing beauty to see that she is filled with the whole universe. Kali Maa is not an amusing, an old mother, her endless compassion and hope that she will be angry with those who are associated with the film. <br /> <br /> Westerners have the courage to use religions like my own, or the courage of religion in the Caribbean islands like Sanaria, and Vodou, and such other religions combine misleading elements that are perceived by the Western mind and are totally ridiculous. <br /> <br /> In the reality of our reality, the tears in our reality will kill tears, which do not have any respect for people, it breathes. Beautiful feet in devotion and love. <br /> <br /> I am very happy that my mother is sometimes angry at protecting me from her devotees and devotees. <br /> <br /> The Real Kali Maya is a great appreciation for the way and the perfection of many gods.
