In 1979 Lucio Fulzi released his film Zombi. However, due to previous import of George Romero's Daddy of Daddy, its Italian release came back to Zombie 2. (This is the bonus of the audience, the second Romero movie). Continuing with this theme, the second zombie movie, called Zombi 2, was subsequently titled Zombie 3. In the UK, the original zombie movie (ie, Zombi 2) is titled "Zombie Flush Eaters". To maintain this theme, the second Zombie movie (Zombi 3) ​​was named "Zombie Flush Eaters 2" for its UK release. (Are you following all of this?) If the souls of the Soul Flesh Eaters Fultus, then 2 Day of the Dead? If it is an unpleasant observation, the story of military compounds, helicopters and the story of the story is certainly an obscure background resemblance. <br /> <br /> Some of the FULCY's European direction are featured in the film, but the acting, dubbing and exposition-heavy script are completely horrific. Its ecological message is very forceful and exaggerated, which is no longer subtitle, but a (unexpectedly) happy tribute to the tribute. Combining this last element with the MOR 80 rock is not a good idea. For some reason, the time that I'm looking for (qv <br /> <br /> Although scuba diving, shark wrestling zombies and eyebrows have nothing to do, the linings of Fulch's false arguments must be turned to the mirror until a hotel cleaner mouths the blood of the mouth. The predilections also see a hand division. When a woman's face is removed, two themes <br /> <br /> By the product, a five-year-old (nine years worldwide release), but without the low-key attraction of the original It strives, Stefano Menetta's music is inappropriate and uninspiring.Fobija Farzzy's score about '79' One of which is unnervingly like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out for a Hero", a rare love interest in the genocide, and two fluffy macho types that Roger and Kenny do everywhere with the acrobatic necessity. ("We're losing ammunition" has a special standout for a sterile gun). But the zombies themselves, where it comes down. The lower the key or, the funky really contain the really amazing, decomposed zombies. The faces of the skull in the eye sockets, the worms ... they are something to really see. On the contrary, this sluggish follow-up chooses a more traditional "men with paint on their face". <br /> <br /> Although the use of DJ is a cross and cheap story device, most Romero movies are also funny. The first of the outrage and unwanted nudity does not have the same aspects, the same culture does not have the appeal. <br /> <br /> When Fully was originally only fifteen minutes direct, it was completely out of the rest of the movie shot by Bruno Matte. I'm absolutely sure I'm full of fun at the funniest "flying zombie head" scene, and the credit for the director to have good meaning. Unfortunately, however, it is on top of the title title in the movies, so the majority of the people are influenced by it and through the film Fully. At that level it was a big illness for him. Because the film is expected to be the worst crime ever.
