I can not be different from Lars von Trier's films. I thought 'Breaking the waves' was less than a miracle. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I worshiped the idea in 'Daggolle' but the overall exercise was very dry and theatrical and low film. The "Europa" I'm looking for now is a well-known film, a European film's relative success and the Oscar for the best foreign language film, but I do not have much time in my opinion. This is a very clear and exhaustive exercise in the art of my taste. <br /> <br /> In this story the observer has an inaccurate level of inadequacy. In both black and white colors and successful after World War II, both sides of the death penalty, or victims, are struggling to survive after a catastrophic event, the lives of nations and individuals are still a source of controversy, two decades ago and adventurous. <br /> <br /> Hitchcock's films in this movie, most notably, appear in the front sets of many of his early films. -We Europe, brave British spies, and German spies in high-speed trains in the continent. These trains are a symbol of the world and its clashes with their intensity and dramatization. The train also became the symbol of the first sparkles of Germany's reincarnation, with its energy, disorder and consistency, its troublesome, timing and civilization. Train densities containers are far from good or bad guys from music spy stories. A German American native of a battlefield Europe is a vague world in the likelihood of disliking and disruptive as a mainstream character and a part of the reconciliation, preferring to continue on the path of self-destruction rather than their oppressive counterparts, with love affair with treacherous. </ p> Characteristic actions, particularly Leopold Cassler's portrayal of Jean-Marc Bar, have no confusion and credibility. Cinematography is not the same as the Hitchcock but the 30th came from Hitchcock's bad simulation. The use of color on the black-and-white image used in the majority of emotional intensity is also very proof. It does not von Troyer to master his artwork, but he is very proof, he seems to try very hard to show any great filmmaker. He is really great that he shows some of his next movies, but it only determines one.
