... but I guess good from Caroline Munroe. She has done some good pictures, and I hoped it would be good. In fact, she and two of the only 8-11 actors who can only work with this beautiful girl girl (the girl who is the electrode I feel). This film has the worst performance I have ever seen. It's almost as bad as Psycho (1998). When the woman was in the shower was really the dumb episode and Marty rigged to pour the battery acid there. She starts screaming, and her scream is the most annoying sound of the whole world. She tries to get out, but "unexpectedly" I'll be back, with Harry Manfredi's music, along with the violence and the story, but acting may be very good. There are two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to Akai Reddy. Also, when they see that lady's fried corpus in the bathtub, you have to think they like screaming and barfing. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman respond only. Frank and Joe show no signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but if I see a fried skeleton of one of my friends, I'll get tired. Also, when Joe begins to tell things like "Marty had an accident, it's not our fault." He shows no facial expressions, even if he tells his nervous or scared. Then the blonde girl begins to cry and "I'm scared Frank!" "He said. And she attracts Joey. I guess the actress does not really know any person. The movie is the most confusing thing I have ever seen. The confusing is more than climax of "jaws: revenge". You can see that they see his wrist to be seen by the dead bodies, then cut from the accident to the hospital, and then at the end of the movie, when a nurse is trying to discourage him, then wearing her clothes or a doctor It seems to be killing, and the film is pulled out of his face with a dirty skin. This leads to the next question. What did he write when he wrote?!?!?!?! What does he actually expect people to understand what the hell is? The conclusion shattered me. Are the characters still alive? Is Marty still holding a grudge? Is not it yet that we have not yet happened? I do not know. Overall, the film is pretty dumb. Acting sucks, the music is okay, the story is pretty good (except for the end). Basically, this is one of your average 80 teen slasher flicks. Look only for Harry Manfredi and Caroline Munro. <br /> <br /> - Simon Scuddamor (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of deliberate drug abuse. I guess I am the only person who can truly appreciate this film. Above the SH **
