The film opens up to Dudleyville County High School in April Fools' Day. The class of students plays martini in marti. When they are punished for sharpening, they continue to bulldoze and bizarre through the acid after a big punch (parallel to the class nurses in the movie nurses). Fast five years, where we can find members of the student community at the high school now canceled for their five year old class reunion. We find out that there is no coincidence that every recipient we have a group of campers from a pastimes scene, all of them are complicated and complex and suddenly a mysterious, overwhelming mask-clad murderer fraudulent fashions. This does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, because his revenge scene is a school rig with Marty, a flawless marty who used her remarkable passion and intelligence to make herself a marty of Marty and curled laws of physics and engineering. After Marty's revenge for her former torturers, their ghosts need to be chased, the film turns out to be awkward. Marty finally finishes his life and pushes his life. Finally, the whole vengeance appears to be in the margin of a hospital bed, awakening from his limits, prevents a nurse and finally his own disability. The script is tired and suffers in the terminal of horror movie logic. Only realism comes from the mind-numbing ways sent by the victims. The absurd feels like it's all-a-dream ending. <br /> <br /> If the author shows up the turbulent nature of the film, it is almost the same and the author then decided that there was a dream. <br /> Technically speaking, this movie is outrageous. Some of the scenes were shot into a dark picture, and in my film I paused the picture and started playing with the color. This acting sub-par, also for slasher films. I can not help but because the cast appears to be at least five years older than the characters they portray, I think the cast is a part of the problem, which is spectacularly ridiculous in the past. <br /> <br /> The lack of commitment to the film is obvious, half of whom do not care to direct their voices straight away. <br /> <br /> If you like bad horror movies, like this, too. It's not the worst image of the genre, but it's not the best.
