I do not know if these films are wrong with problems or direction of the script. As you see in many reviews, the editing style is overdone. It's totally distracted and non-ingenious, if you look at some of the quotes in the movie. I do not write a lot of reviews here, but I thought this film was very painful and that's right. Such films turn into an art form in the movie. Movies like this show more clearly that the current reality in the movie reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People there craft, there are 5 senses, and the sense of business there - overlooking the own inner life there. Yet I can not blame them, the unfortunate situation of this age - qualifies through such films. But by the manufacturers' prosecution, I can not call artists in the inner life or the voicemail of the screen - to expand it for everyone. Oh the most popular actress (who did they write a scene of lap dance after they signed her), saturation, exaggeration, a linear, non-linear plot. All different and yet single. The emotion push down your throat is the high annoying music. A story? Developing character? To create a hero * effect * - whether or not the last reported or not - like the one. It does not have anything to be completely distant. It is the caricature of the stereotypical and genre. Where are the images with aware? Can not you hear the sound and music too? What about the depth of a look? What about compilation with a point about mind and consciousness? Yes, even this will happen in Action Movies. Definitely they improve a craft; But can it be used without any spirit or wisdom? I tell you that those who commented on the insights of the human being could be a disadvantage to this art or comparing it with Picasso and others - either Gandhi or Godfather, Star Wars' original trilogy or the Lord of the Rings. Then look at me face and tell me again. It's a good staff, but they need some help with depth and story. I like the team's previous work because they hope to get it. Test your luck once again.
