It was the low-budget Mexican product from the exploitative filmmaker Cardona (Netherlands Bloodfall Aops [1969], TinT Terra! [1977]). Like many genres from this country? U.S. Was released by K. Gordon Murray. By judging by two attempts already mentioned, what kind of ideas do Cartonna have? And, this one is definitely better, it has already received its share of flak over here! This film, in fact, portrays the distortions of Mexican horror discoveries from the era, but it gives extra quantity through the garrison's virtue (which is essential throughout the devil's importance rather than from Saint Nick, essentially in Devil's performances). In any case, in a nutshell, Satan attempts to stop Santa Claus' Christmas Eve rendezvous with children of the plot land; There is, however, the more wackiness along the way: to begin with, in our celestial palace of red lives in our portly, white beard and long-lived playful man who, apart from toy manufacturer children from their piano from around the world in their native tongue (the first ever reel For the sake of Merlin) The famous magician at King Arthur's court, blocking and mumbling gabberblocks like intercepting but entertaining children here! ?? To obtain the drinks of young people every year to obtain drinks (the visitor's illness here is not less than Dr Frankenstein's cohort in Dracula SON in 1974); Incidentally, this time, he always seems to have received some extra weight? So Santa has been able to fit into each proverbial chimney! Devil's songs (enthusiastically rubbing their hands at every turn and hitting it in general) to keep the Saint Nick's delivery program, then are definitely sensational: in fact, for their cast Tat Sheenanagans are older Laurel & Hardy Routine than anything else! In order to pad the run, we focus on three sets of children: one, the single son of the richest couple who wants nothing more than Christmas (the boy is expected to be a wish-fulfilling fantasy that his parents are wrapping up!), Owning his own doll A girl from a poor family (the first to kill her Settle, then loses a little of), and the trio of Brad, who, once again emerged by Satan, and in the end nothing but cause mischief among themselves to come out. There is absolutely no imagination in the work here, but it is applied to a small rhyme or reason, the whole juvenile approach is entertaining (if the movie is to be enjoyable)!
