This is a fantastic picture of Santa and I think Santa is a pedophile. Instead of the usual elf toy makers, this Santa is clearly kidnapped children from all over the world and makes them sing a bit like characters from "It's a Small World"! I estimate that there is no child labor laws in the weird astral plane I live in (it's not exactly North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these kids seem to be very happy and I wanted to break the commandos and save the tiki, although I guess for some of the third world children, these work conditions will probably improve on local sweats. <br /> <br /> Then, the scene turns to hell suddenly, and the dances of our and demon dances in a Busby Berkeley music. One of these fun can cease perfection, one of which pitch to go to Earth to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I have already done this movie! The devil and his implements are actually beautiful - like hot stuff from Harvey comics, but with cool nasty goats! Or, if you're Puerto Rico, like a vejigante mask with a goat! <br /> <br /> The Mexican boy who is a poverty-stricken lipita, mummy Santa and some of the jerky children who want a great kid are in vital battles for the devil and santa! So, the prince of Darkness (Donald Trump, which is not the Prince of Darkness) can somehow steal and make him bad, he will succeed - we do not really know! In fact, if they separate her, the filmmakers get the impression that they think of Santa as Jesus - he is fighting with these great powers and children against the souls! Later, Santa meets with his friend Merlin. He asks him to make a special powder, which makes people dream of good. Thinking about how laughing Santa in this movie (like the diminished chipmunk), he wants to use this medicine! He immediately goes to see a blacksmith who makes a magic key that he will open all the doors. This magic key is a matter of great concern for me as he keeps kids as his personal 'assistants'! During Santa's Christmas Eve ride, you'll see Lupita dealing as a little angel - down a problem. Santa then takes time now to take care of the rich kid who are the selfish jerks of parents. Two silly cocktails will solve their problems - two problems are solved. This rare case solves children and problems to help alcohol / drugs! And for small muggers, he gives them coal! Santa is frustrated with his losses, the pitch then tries to steal the sleigh (creepy animator torn by the deer). When it fails, he will destroy Santa's stash of 'magic powder'! As a result, Santa does not disappear, and then riches to avoid dogs. Oh, oh ... How would Santa Betty Ford Clinic take a detour if he was stuck on a tree ?! Will Stink Nick come down from the tree and get his back monkey or Devils win? If you care, tune and see. However, be warned that the movie is bot-crap crazy! <br /> Technically speaking, the film will be made. While it's in color, it's really painful. This music is mostly happening in an organ - along with bad lyrics from children, perhaps the worst soundtrack I've heard in the recent memory. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very creepy. The children are abusive devils and Santa is just plain creep-tastic. It should not show children but it makes a great image to see you friends, so you can not finish it from the beginning!
