The "House of Evil" by 1968 was "Dancing of Death", the first of the four infamous and odd final films directed by four great Boris Carlow and Jack Hill and Juan Ibnz. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), released after the death of Karlov in 1969, "House of Evil" was released in 1968 when Carlof was still alive. "Evil House" is considered to be the worst of these four films, which are very difficult, but certainly their entertainment value is uncertain jokingly. I personally prefer the "Fear Chamber" and the "Evil House" over the other two, just because the lack of a slightest logic is more intense, and because there is no suspense in any of the movies. <br /> <br /> The odd story set in Europe in the 19th century I do not know whether I really called it 'plot'). After a few girls have been murdered and disappeared from their eyes, enthusiastic organist Matthias Mortiwal (Karlof) invites his remaining friends with his strange building, which is filled with strange dolls. Lucy Durant (Julissa), who was engaged in murdering police inspectors, is in his kinfolk. <br /> <br /> I'm not giving away the story further, but I am bizarre throughout the movie. There are some very funny moments, especially some things Karlowf's character says. Boris Karlouf is no doubt as the most intelligent and important symbol in the horror style he ever lived, and he organizes this extraordinary film with a small bit of this great movie and his character (or because of a poor script and directed) is not scary, he deliberately with a sense of humor Will play. When the film's descendants like "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", women's leadership is once again played by Julia. <br /> <br /> He is ridiculous in supporting a lot of shows, cinematography is terrible and the locations and scenes are contemptuous. This storyline does not have a small bit of logic and the conversation does not have the slightest feeling. But the movie is very fun, but there is a poor story and dialogue. "Evil House" can be a fantastic effort of a movie, but it's bad (unexpected) funny. Fans of Ed Wood's fans should be very fun, I personally found it happier. Frustrating but entertaining, and certainly worth watching from there due to Boris Karloff and fun factor. 3/10
