Well, honestly, the film that I read for the first time does not contain any meat or potatoes. The entire film considers it as a salad with the whole course. The storyline is deteriorating and funnier, the characters are one-dimensional, the reality is in the window and the animation is at the age of four. Does it cover? I felt embarrassed for a feeling of my whole life. I have never read the comics or other characters with this role, but I did not come to my foundation with the scene from other reviews. <br /> <br /> To get started, that story became very quick. I created more for creating new reasons for those who are new to this role and situations, rather than finding solutions. I saw other Amir (you call this anime) to do great things with their characters because they take time to develop them. Lady did not set aside for Death. In some small scenes, we see her train creator and instantly become this fiery beast of hell. It was difficult to swallow me to think in moments before her father was in control of this weak and weak woman. Suddenly, she was engaged in hatred and could battle with a existence that existed for millions of years. This is irrelevant. Lady Death's performance is poor, at least say. I felt that there was nothing more than an animated role instead of a desperate woman in revenge in her mind. For me, it did not work. With her heart training she was not more than the eye-candy for the Preebent Boys, who suddenly wanted to smoke on the mass of the skin she had raised on her chest. Oh, I just felt sick looking at her. The same goes for the role of the creator. Who is this random person? The description given by them is not enough, but instead I was left with more absurd opacity than real development. <br /> <br /> Next, Lucifer is himself. I think hell can fight and survive with the king. He was weak, his voice was ridiculous, and he did not mention the image in my mind. Disney was in control and wanted to make him semi-PC. He is not Lucifer's form of dark and corrupt nature. He is not the ruler of hell, but rather a large space to live in. Speaking about living or dying, how can you die again in hell? This is definitely a concept that needs more explanation. Many characters are worried about the deaths, and have not even chosen to die. How did they come to hell? I feel that I have lost the idea of ​​this film. I do not have to capture the feeling that your soul is still in a solid body of hell, but is it just me? Or this may be due to NO development in the story. <br /> <br /> The war scenes are fraudulent. The animation in this cartoon was felt at the beginning of the 90s. Nothing was impressed about the way the film was drawn. Why are we, America, so behind animation? It's huge in Asia, where we are spraying hard here because we do not make images like Lady Death or make unexpected feelings. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie is bad. The animation with horror voice work is cheap. I have had the production of the film from time to time, and I find it very difficult to realize that I can make this film on my credit card. The product is horrific as well as the story. There is nothing, leaving huge gusty plot holes that nearly fell into everyone. The characters do not have the strength, and nothing is explained. I wasted my time at this time and wanted to alert others, so when death comes, you will not be able to find you in my states and you are sorry for the waste of 80 minutes in this trash. /> Blah! <br /> Grade: * ***
