When I read the essence of the film, I find out that what happens when a person comes to power and then requires supernatural powers is a great responsibility and strength, even though it is intelligent and original. Casting, Freeman, Aniston ... promised ... good idea and good actors, how about filming, filming costs? It can. Idea is good, but the script and the story is even worse. Let him be honest and pretty simple journalist with great stories (a big cookie story, a fox pass, and Niagara report is totally unsuccessful!), Considering his abilities with a nice home, sugar sweet girlfriend, and OH horror, (He is not a good journalist, he is not a comedian)! Dog not trained home !!! Yes, soon Bruce, at the beginning of the film, called God "God, why do not you hate me!" In the manner, the average viewer must think: "Why is Bruce in your life wrong?". Bruce is not, and certainly is not man with real problems in life. Many of his problems are small and he's not really worth all the fuss he's made, and some of them are really the result of his stupidity. Many people have really big problems and attention, and many people are Bruce, who are not very human, after all, seem very realistic, very obscure and ill-looking, but God still speaks to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman is nice to be God, I can not help him ask what he's doing in this particularly bad movie. What does Bruce do when God gives his powers? In this film God can easily give his powers to a 5-year kidnap and there is no difference. No, wait, a smart kid is probably better used by his God powers than Bruce. What does Bruce do? The romantic atmosphere, red soups, displays a beautiful women's clothing on the ground, responds through e-mails and makes them all realistic! No, Bruce, please! No Bruce actually did end the world, but in the film, that did not happen, because this was "nice, family, small image" and did not make any sense! Not a reference to sarcasm, of real humor, of listening, at least some dirty humor !!! Nothing. Just playing the crazy, which Kare started to look curiosity on middle-aged actor. Here is Aniston. Her Bruce girlfriend plays Grace's tender, progressive role and is completely unforgettable in the film. It is believed that no one in the right mind will have any chemistry in either of these. When praying for Grace Bruce it is only dull and curious, but totally wrong. These two can not be together. I give three stars, but I suspect that the film is worthy. Bad script, dull dialogues, lack of true humor, unity and any modernity, as well as developing characters and freeman and aniston characters, lack courage and satire, it makes all images rarely worth. But there are some funny moments, and Freeman is always good looking at any movie, so he leaves three stars.
