Even if you're a huge sandler fan, do not worry with this very frustrating comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, and I thought my man was at least half good because Sandler was in it and because I thought some women would judge (naked women on ray ratings and cover photo). Well, there are very few women wearing, but nobody is naked. I do not know what happened in Sandler's career, but I also predicted before the SNL days. I might be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. He can be seen in this cheesy picture and remembers the good ol 'times ... but we (the audience) are left to dry. It's not "cinema"! Sandler has been talking to a lot of camera and at this point agreed "no budget" film (this is not right, not a low-budget movie, but a budget movie). So our job is to smile at quirky characters is pretty much the same. There is no fixed plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy show - but raw and bad. The man who acts as a dirty comedian is totally annoying and can not imagine the first place to receive such a mass audience. And Sandler is a classic Henny Youngman line, "Please take my wife" and find the comic inspiration by telling the audience on the floor? I do not even go to TRY to make any logic here. Sure, Sandler's current and recent movies are very good (Penguin on "Billy Madison", Midgate in "Happy Gilmore's Happy Place"), but comedy writings. This is definitely committed to work, and if you're curious about the early days of Adam in the movie - you are still not interested. It is best to check your start on SNL or improve his mastery role in "Mixed Nuts". However, Sandman is not a wasteful single actor in this fearless vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also has a supporting role in Billy Jane ("Titanic"), and has a significant role in the great Burt Young (from "Rocky" films). <br /> <br /> This unfortunate comedy is to collect dirt in the 99-percent rental section of your local video store - and it will be the same for him. <br /> My score: 3 (in 10)
