Hajard County, Georgia, relatives Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) execute the moon by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson), avoiding local authority, bass hoag (burt reynalds). <br /> <br /> I have never seen TV show, after watching the movie I'm with me. It should not be started anytime soon. I like the stupid comedy, but it is not too laughable. It was a pretty dull picture of the first hour really hard to sit. The second part is slightly better but this film is still a missing opportunity. The film focuses more on the way to Bo and Luke. Simple characters are not very interesting and the actors who perform them do not do a good job. <br /> Acting is not good. I do not think this is good in the first place, but no one in Leeds is very funny. Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give average performances. The next Stifler is pretty good but he tries a very hard way here. The next one is just looking for a paycheck and there is nothing else. Jessica Simpson did not know her performance or she was really famous for her singing. She is known for her own reality show and really dumb things. She is beautiful but she is a weak actor. She does not really appear in the movie and is not complicated or anything because she plays the role. Willie Nelson also has a small role and nothing special. <br /> <br /> The screenplay was written by John O'Brien and produced two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first tomb is the birthplace, that's okay. The second is Starkey and Hach. The story is a mess because he does not do a good job here. He also forgot the jokes and a few other things that worked well for the film. This film is very beautiful for comedy. Well, 106 minutes are not exactly tall, but it's a lot of time since the first hour has less humor. I'd like to keep the comics smaller or they may find a lot of things to cover the running time. The Dukes of Hazzard has enough funny clothes to keep just thirty minutes up to 106 minutes. The car sequences are average and they do not already save the troubled image. Eventually, the Dukes of Hazzard can appeal to some individuals, but many are discouraged and if you skip it is better. Rating 4/10
