For a while, in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce the Brand-Ninja Tables Live-Action Series. Obviously, since TMNT was back in the day, it greatly affected my interest. So I started looking at the show ... there was a simple description to say that I was disappointed with the final result. Shortly after (as recently), I had the opportunity to review this series. <br /> First, talk about some positives. They created it to rebuild the curtain of the Turtles, because they finally appeared in the films that gave a limited budget that was thrown in the film. The amount of this darker atmosphere in terms of sets and whatnot. <br /> <br /> "The schedule was quick and replaced by the original villains who easily used him in the Power Rangers program, but only you are bored Shredder can get beat many times before he gets bored and slows his value ... And besides, most fans do not realize or do not remember or just plain original comic, Shredder's first edition I'm glad they are removing the schedule, because after that, the guesses will eventually carry him back to the end of the episode. Unfortunately, they have replaced him with these original villains, As stated, power ranger than a ninja turtles show    చూపించు. మరియు ఈ కొత్త మేజిక్-సమర్థ సామర్ధ్యంతో ఒక కొత్త మహిళా మేజిక్ కవచం తాబేలు, అపఖ్యాతియైన వీనస్ దే మిలో వస్తుంది. నేను నిజాయితీగా ఉంటాను; నేను ఆమెతో సౌకర్యవంతమైన ఎప్పుడూ. నేను ఒక పురుషుడు తాబేలు ఆలోచన వ్యతిరేకంగా కాదు; I stick against such an idea that magic is used and therefore a sore sight among a clan of Ninja Turtles who looks somewhat from their domain. I thought this was a chance to easily deal with Venus de Milo's performance with the enemies she was making, and I thought almost all of the TNTTIN (which left it without considering the time it was released). Fortunately, they all share a spotlight together. <br /> The next transition is kept in the air after one season and the creators are happy to ignore it. Given time and perhaps another season, I really believe that this live repetition of TMNT might have been something and greatness might have gotten a chance. If the idea is sound, the execution is flawed (although there are a couple of good parts in the series). When it stands, the next monastery is one of those oddities in turtles, which is better buried and forgotten.
