Apparently I never heard of "Dr. Hawknestine" and some colleagues accidentally dropped on it and decided to give an intelligible opportunity. That's the reason: it sucks! This is a very meaningless, dull, impresiastic and horror comedy / parody. In fact, to be honest, if considered as this comedy, I'm not even sure, because sometimes the script is also very serious and the 80's horrific effort is really prestigious and really difficult to be real. In the year 1909, Dr. Eliot Haken confirmed that three women needed a new era in medical science according to the early scenes? No, no less? To restore his beloved wife who accidentally kills. She is only left with just a living head, but stupid body snatchers offer only female cadavers. When Dr. Haackenstein said, "I want three bodies to get my wife back", his words are not cold and just awesome are three young female cheetahs (and a really annoying kid). Doorstep. Why can not I ever do that? "I need some sort of sexy luxurious women to fill my empty hare!" ?? Look, nothing! Anyway, a good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately ?? What is science? He developed sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hawkstein" is a sluggish film trying to make money on the success of "re-animator" and some of the classics of the classic, as well as the severed head of a liner. It is easy to see why the movie is not mentioned here because it does not appeal to fans of horror or comedy artists. The feminist character is the woman's tomb robber who speaks earnestly; Anti-cherubic is depicted Anne Ramsay. The 80's horrific buffs will remember her from Wes Craven's "deadly friend", who played the nasty old hog neighborhood who has definitely obtained a basketball by a basketball. "Dr. Hawkesteen" takes place in the early 1900s, but there is no effort to rebuild the atmosphere of the era (except for some automobiles). Dr. Haackenstein's Laboratory is a set of clichard 80's, with all kinds of smoky solvents and fluorescent colors full test tubes.
