Haanting, if you see the original, you know the great ghost story, it's perfect in the movie. It's a haunted house and a simple trick of sound and movements, it's a haunting story of 4 people terrified people. If you congratulate the film, it is still effective until today. So when Hunting was rebuilt in 1999, most people respond very well to "WHAT? WHAT?" But in my opinion a remake is a matter of honor and I want to discover the story of a new generation, and I'm fine with it. Is not this sure, is it a boring shame that a waste of your time and guarantee I deliver any scares ?? pfft! PG-13, where are they thinking? <br /> When her mother dies and her sister releases her, Nell receives a phone call, telling her about a proclamation of insomnia study by Dr. David Morrow, at Hill House, a solitary moor. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Dudley, a strange couple guardians who are not in the next after dark. Shortly afterwards, two of the participants in the study arrived with Forest Theo and "Bad Sleeper" Luke Sanderson along with Dr. Maro. Participants do not know, Dr. Morro's true intention is to study psychological response to fear. Every night, a chain for guardians outside of the Hill House, when the gate is opened, preventing anyone from getting out or getting out of the morning. There are no telephones working inside the Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away. Dr. Marrow reveals the story of Hill House. Built by Hugh Krynin, this house built a home for his wife, hoping to replace a large family filled with children, although the children of the Crane died when they were born. Before the house was finished, the Krein's wife killed her and the crew became a nun. The first night, Theo and Nell began to experience strange phenomena at home, which included odd noises and unsustainable temperature changes. Nell faces interview with the words "Well Home, Eleanore" in the main hall, and it is very sad to prove that the cruelty's cruelty was haunted by the victims of their victims. He finds that Crain has built his fortune by exploiting kidnapped children for slave labor. He then shot and killed the body in a fire in the house. She learns that Nell inherited Klein, the second wife, Kelly. <br /> I am undoubtedly telling you to stay away from this film, it's really sly and not understandable. Actress Naal, Lily Taylor completely annoyed me, her acting, her appearance, everything just about her, and I can not see her in the film again. Catherine Zeta Jones did not appear to be in her role as Liam Neeson yet, and once again became an amazing actor. On top of the effects and the most computerized way, I can not believe that they are a wonderful classic trash on this crud. If you're afraid of something, you'll be afraid to see how you can turn a great ghost story into an annoying piece overblown stupid ?? <br /> <br /> The film has already hit me, did not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br />
