For anyone who fell in love with the stage musical concert A CHORUS LINE, the film is a dark alternate. Songs not only cut, but added unnecessary plot turns, new dance sequences directed the dance, and, let's face it, Richard Attenborough just does not know how to dancers picture. <br /> <br /> On Stage, Michael Bennett's Chorus LINE Just That: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, the Broadway and the rest of the world. It's two hours hard-hitting, your-face-realism really made you feel for these "boys" and "girls". This film, however, is empathy and depth: actors seem to be auditioning for a chorus LINE, rather than realistic audition. Every move, so every line of conversation seems weight and planning; Michael Douglas, in particular, is very under control to believe that Zach is an exceptional bitch choreographer. Even when he dismisses his temper, you will never trust him, because every gesture, every serious word, every nuance is very clearer. And not dance to him: Kevin Klein tested for the role of Zach in Broadway. Michael Bennett liked his reading, but Klein did not dance and eventually lost that piece. I want them to do the same for Douglass! Some of the most notable faces (such as Shelley and Khandi Alexander, who played Cassie in Broadway, and one of TV's News Audition's many audition dancers) are not to be mentioned. Because you know these people. <br /> <br /> It's a terrible decision to play in any role in the film: If you take a look at Michael Douglas and girls and boys and their stories instead of their stories, you will lose anything. The best scene in the show was really unfortunate (Montez: Hello Twelve, Hello Twelve, Hello Love) is surprisingly truncated to make for a horrific new song entitled "Surprise, Surprise" that surprisingly received nomination in the Oscars. <br /> <br /> Cassie's "Mirror Dancing" features a new song and tragic boring choreography - a miracle of why they are bothered to shoot a movie version if they are confused with a fantastic formula. Those who enjoyed the music theater and stage version, the movie they loved so much and every tragic joke that they liked. Never before have they ever seen the original production on Broadway or tour, this is the only reference to the film. It's no surprise to the long-running music in Broadway's history - over the mid-1990s, a little bit of the so-called CATS. But a different story, and I'm not even starting out there.
