In Broadway, the chorus line is pure magic. From the second performance to the real grand finale, a wonderful event, at the time of the show we call the delightful curtain of all the chorus members, we are fully engaged - strong personal stories, some funny, some clever, some dilemma, this chorus line. The film is completely different. The vision director is now - and he is an ogre! Every time the film turns to Michael Douglas, where he is thrown, screwed with quarrels, queries and orders, throwing and listening whenever he gets the chance. Boo !! It changes the dynamics of the story. In Broadway, the director was actually an unlikely venue, but he also mentioned a theater device that allows to tell the stories of these fabulous / weak / mysterious / happy chorus line-ups with insight and clarity. This work has a reason to win the Pulitzer Prize! And one of the few moments where the director appeared, after he really appreciated the Puerto Rico dancer, after hearing the heartbreaking story of the dancer. He will eventually appear again to express his true love / concern to Cassie. But in the film, the second Douglass director begins to brutally start orders, and the chorus line members' stories are secondary. They are angry, exhausted, angry, having a audition of members of this chorus, showing the joy at creating a new exciting theater show instead, as they are in a lousy career. On stage, there is always the excitement of the show. Here's practically going from the word and you feel sorry for all involved. At the time of music, we really wanted everyone of those chorus members, and how happy they were when they all got a job! But of course it did not happen. But in the final they were with the amazing spinning mirrors on stage, reflecting in our hearts all of our audience, when they came back to everyone, they accepted and refused in the hearts of all the chorus members, dancing on the stage, dancing in their favorite profession and brought the magic to the theater. In this movie, after all the false stories and emphasis, the magic is completely dissolved. As we feel (even with a perfect curtain call), some of the members were employed with an average-enthusiastic director. So they all come up and dance again. Big deal.
