Those who have never seen a chorus LINE platform and their only reaction to this story is the film, the movie movie music, nothing special, okay. I saw the 4 times premiere at Broadway and even for the show's tour company and for those who remembered pretty much the original production, the 1985 film version was pretty terrible at many levels, and I did not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have not been audited for the theatrical production, the audition, director, producer and choreographer should not ask personal questions and to become an actress who is worse about why he wants. A real theater audition, for a play or music, rarely takes five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, once you have shown a 64-bar dance combination, you do it, and then decide whether they are you. The original concept of the performance of Michael Bennet is to introduce the lives of dancers into unhealthy hobbies for meat and performance and why to sacrifice more sacrifices. The play is about these dancers. First, director Richard Attenborough attracted the attention of dancers by beating the Cassie / Zach relationship and playing Michael Douglas as Zach. In the play, you can not see Zach ... a voice behind the theater and his relationship with Cassie is not just touching. Cassie was shown in the cab in the traffic and trying to move to the top of the lorry (a character who was not even in play) and pointed out the entire story. The main musical numbers were cut or rendered. The opening number of the play "I Hope I Get It" shows that jazz and ballet are all mixers of dancers, and then people will be eliminated. In the film they are starring three hundred dancers and show them closely to hide the fact that people are acting in a movie that they do not dance (you are called "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", a dramatic vocal exploration of these dancers' childhood memories of the late Greig Burge resumed as a vehicle "surprising, surprising" as Richie. The most famous song on the show, "What I Did For Love", was sung by all the actors in the show, which became another classic love song, Reed as a false Alex Casey. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is dull and unimagative and does not have a candle on Michael Bennett 'original presentation and when you make a film about dancers, choreography should be special. Janet Jones, formerly Richie, Mitchell Johnston, BBE, Gregg Burz, and Janet, but did not give a chance to show what they could do, although Audrey Landers just walks, while gum chewing, one of the best numbers of the show, "Dance 10, 3 appears." I agree that the finale, "One" is dazzling, but wait about two hours for it. If you've never seen a chorus line up at the LINE platform, the film may have a look, but if you're a devotee of the original Broadway music ... be scared ... be very scared.
