*** This post contains spoiler (S) *** I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor but I worship him in all other ways. He's really fun with his fan site "Chuck Norris Facts". But the film is "ridiculous" with the audience keeping "all those facts" in one movie. With this "action" I do not really remember when I waste my time. The uneven and thousand-times plots of terrorists called "Chux Words of Wisdom" about life about "great" dialogues and chicks sentences that are illegal or intended to be illegal in US soil. Some say that the terrorists are actually speaking in English everyday life. It's the worst end ever listed. Not to mention the huge amount of archive footage used in the film, that is so annoying. , Chuck Norris of course: Send his colleagues message through Chief Terrorist Media when he is only smart enough to catch and watch the treat. No one in America is smart enough to see that! And the whole action that captures the chief is simply ridiculous. An unarmed total terrorist camp (I'm lying he has a knife) is sent to walk, escapes his pirates with jet packs and then para maybe even thousands of kilometers near the glitz (a kilometer away from the Afganistan border 450 km) He saves the submarine. I expect at least the fighting scenes will be good, but that's more fun than the plot. If you do not know, 85% of the terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO beat them out sh * t. They are not only to kill them easily, they can kick them through a motion and throw and fly a few meters as bad guys toys. Can you ask me that I did not see this movie in the end? I did. Why? Because I want to see who, these two super heroes, a few hundred megatons and a microwave size defuse nuclear bomb. And then I realized what I was doing. Of course, it's Chuck's picture after all. And he alone can defuse the nuke with tweezers, but he does it - TWICE !! . So I would write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I would spend my life spawn /> <br /> Can this film manufacturers add on his website Another Chuck Norris could actually have done Chuck Norris can lower the atomic bomb? Yes and he can do it twice!
