Let me start by telling me that I should generally praise Renny Harlin's directional style, for the most part, and cinematographer for some shots. There is nothing missing from this movie that I really liked, rather than Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2". My friends, a script. The dialogue of these films is always pretty terrible, but the gold medal for this stupidity. There are very awful lines in this movie, no need to remember any of them. Moreover, the lines are more fun and more appropriate than the bad romance of an action adventure. If Harlin's words are slow, it's almost as if they can improve the script. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, some talented actors who are badly thrown by bad characters are also grieving. Stallone was never my favorite, but when he was working around Litgo, Turner, and Bunch Rooker's worst actors, something went wrong. Litko has appeared as one of the best villains in "Ricochet", and he seems to be unable to work here to save his life. How is it possible? I was always his favorite fan and Stalin acted, he telephoned for his performance. The part of Turner is very small and not understandable, but she still seems to miss the screen. Michael Rucker can work. I saw it in "Days of Thunder", but he seems to be reading his lines from cue cards. What about this? While Roaker and Lithgow have scenes together when they're talking, I want the film to end there, or they both wonderfully made their acting ability. Unfortunately, those things did not happen. <br /> <br /> You will be brought back to Harlin. His reason is that he never drawn in the film, because people should have to act. The script is not very good, but still the actors' performances will ruin the film and be with the director. I do not care much about how much to pay for special effects, it's pretty good, you can not sacrifice the movie with horrible acting yet. <br /> <br /> Plus, the motion of this movie is off. The opening sequence is good and the plane scene is very well done, but you should be concerned about the outcome of the heist. I understand that the plane scene is trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles, but that means they do not really care about that scene or money in that scene. If the bad guy's early won, maybe I would not have ever witnessed one of the worst films!
