The "52 Pick Up" film just does not work. You can see Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or an outstanding cast, especially anyone interested in John Glover. But the book - Pulp, a slow-burning, nair thriller with us - was translated as an Oscar-competition film instead of the Dad, a choice of hard-boiled, sandy crime story, or 1980 Schwarzenegger shoot-em-up art. In Detroit (living and better known in Leonard years) from the original locale in the book, Leonard causes a significant problem that attempts to solve his script in Los Angeles, but not ultimately. For instance, Mitchell's wife, the City Council (if you do not have a job in this book), if she thinks about it, it is a brilliant instrument that is the only way you can block anytime in the 1980s-like sex-crazed city. Angels for prostitution, or what kind of potential sexual scandal. However, in the traditional eastern states of Michigan, its small small porno "industry" is believed to be a laugh and money-grabbing hell, three of which are undoubtedly going through high-medial life crisis, and b) adultery alone can blackmail anyone with them, High career and old-wife wives hold shock Incalekapote. Leonard's dark, "Boogie Nights" film was a colorful, stylish porno mecca in the 1980s, as the Leonard's dark, hydrode tourism buses, terrible apartments, and Leonard's dark, "Boogie Nights" than drug trafficking in the downtrodden pump. Then again, such a story in the Los Angeles might be in the background if a scene is more carefully laid out - there are plenty of dark crannies and psychic yet out there. Unfortunately, Roy Schieder's Harry Mitchell comes through his problems as a sexy, beautiful Ubermensch dance without a sweater in the film. When he faced a business after failing in the book, he bore a jerk union officer. He was responsible for a skeleton in a room during the war, and he was held responsible for a friendly fire, but never got anywhere. Elmour Leonard's stories typically feature a centralized picture of a charming and decent citizen between the criminal and law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell sat in his office with his blackmail, Alan Raimi, approached him with his financial books and negotiated a more practical ransom for such a central film. Glover's blackmailer scene surprises, but Sheder's victim is a "good guy" where he has a Rambo high with M-16, where everyone around him struggles with his world. "52 Pick Up" all the ideas that went into the original story and though the film was taken into account, one of the worst ending closures ever ends. Mitchell of the jaguar in the Raima nalipivestadu and Mitchell by the brutal manolajito with the blast of the band's music move him, waving, Chuck Norris film's "sweet revenge", the resolution demands of the audience, playing Leonard book's clever balance of the world is not a Michael finally escapes and good and evil, between the conflict in any way But it's easy to go Hours. I shook the theater with my head and depressed. No talent is in vain.
