David Chase's "The Sopranos" is probably the most recent remake of the highly acclaimed television show. Not only the intellect and the lack of a passion, it is not in the spirit of the soul. Just as someone reads, already James Gondo * * * Tony Soprano, a big wife, a wife's spoiled b * touch, and two britti, you imagined - America's armpower (that's New Jersey, by the way). Tony is not only a female prostitute, but has been murdered by members of his "Saturday Night Live", for murder and underwriters. It's not true of a piece of Tony sh * t mobster (and only clear). American TV rarely allows the characters and who they allow it. But Chase - his entourage of money-earned, emmy-earned writers - does not allow Tony and his staff to observe just as they behave, or action / reaction reality (also a fictitious) organized crime (a la "godfather"). Instead, Chase should make a weekly weekly (or month-to-month monthly or month-to-month version of the 13-episode sequence of the year film with a single, like a lunar eclipse of Chase, a gory, violent, and corrupt lifestyle of Tony, his wife, and hair-minded psychologist. Appears to have arrived). The series has not been rejected to comply with the "network" structure, with the plot of no-go, and the characters disappear as pop-up and payday lice. If the display is too brilliant in its absence, why would I always feel watching a soap-opera? Exhausted mob clowns, bored housewives, self-serving, rare characters and a plot of no-go. As far as I can see, why do many Americans see Italian cultural heritage on this show? <br /> <br /> "There are many people who paid their cable bills to see" the shield of the fresh air. "(It was included in the Basic, "Boston Legal" about "How West Wing" or "Brighton Legal" (if erroneously written) about how (still better)? Do not forget that the last few decades were the best comedy, "arrest development" and we lived at the age of the DVDs - no one * I like the shell very much for a very pricing box set, too, pretty much * any more * than it will continue to prove how much a hawk factory is, rather than giving HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 a DVD!) <br /> <br /> Do you have good television? Watch "Homeside: Life on the Street." Or "Murder One" or "Picket Fences" or Chase before the show, "North Exposure." Hours already, "Sopranos" fans and critics of the Legion of brain-washed if it becomes too late for you. However, Tony and his family left, they are not worth it - they decompose fish. ("Sleeping" way can be very kind)
