Seriously, I can easily make a lot stomach on the screen blood, gore and repulsiveness, but really makes this film disturbing about the physical damage done by rape rape women making it uncomfortable to see & disturb. He is like John Cassavates of "Rosemary's Child", a broken uterus, powder mating and heavy loads of red (?) Sperm, which are the most common minor diseases in the medicine world. It is said, "Inkubus" is ultimately a horror attempt. This is not necessarily awful? Even though it's not very good, what's that? But it's plain strange. The muddled & incoherent script initially revolves around the hunting for a rapist-killer, although meat and blood (although the title clearly indicates the involvement of a supernatural organism) and it is never to stop contact with new characters. These characters are not particularly important, they are sympathetic, and they're all about being dark secrets because they have never been explained. The above-mentioned physician has an odd description of the daughter-love and he acts constantly as a suspect, the sheriff in the town (John Ireland) and the rape & killing of women in his district, the female reporter words are very strong and the gallons (an old Witch and her grandson) are just plain Puki. All together they try to solve the mystery of desperately destroying reproduction of the organs who are desperately or to the towns' women. Scenes of murders and murders are fantastic atmosphere and vicious acts themselves are bloody and undisturbed. There are many positive factors in this horror film, but narrative structure is very irrelevant and the characters are quite impartial to be a very good movie for "incubus". Also, (like the footage of Bruce Dickinson's concert) and you have the most difficult episodes to be trusted and are generally not quite the most trusted John Half directed. The last shot is effectively a nightmare. Individually, "Inkubus" is a bit disappointing, but there are many reasons for open-minded literary fans to recommend this odd piece of the early 80s horror.
