Young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seale (Matt Birman) relax in a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes on each other. Mandy hid in an old run cabin, she was attacked and raped by an unidentified assailant. Rai tries to help her after hearing her cry but is killed. Dr. Sam Cordel (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) were new to Galen after Sam's wife died. When Mandy and Roy were discovered, Sam was called by Police Chief Hank Walden (John Ireland). He will autopsy on Roy and sees Mandy for her terrible injuries. The curator was later raped and raped in a local museum called Caroline Davis (Denis Forgsson). A local journalist Laura Kincaid (Kerry Keane) reports these events and suggests that Sam was a similar string of rapes and murders in the town 30 years ago. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan Macintosh) has strange dreams and nightmares and has something to do with horror acts. Tim story and digging into towns Sam is a shaped-shifting demonic institution, only to reproduce and convince the existence of a creature called an incubus! Directed by John Half, the film is a terrifying horror movie. The script by George Franklin is based on the novel by Ray Russell. Nothing happens interesting or exciting and it just completes suddenly and frustrating with a twist in the end and the frustrating no matter what's the most boring. There are some rape along with a snail's pace, but no one is shown on the screen. There is one gore scene in the entire movie. This monster is shown at the very end and has three small scenes. All the elements of the film's production are very stable and readable, the film is not in force or speed. Acting is frustrating and you do not feel anyone or take care of anyone. Check the scene in the autopsy room where you can see the boom mic at the top of the screen in many cases. The worst horror movie type you can forget within a day. Time is no real waste, no trouble.
