Paul Armstrong, born in Liverpool, Scotland, is a professor of law at Harvard, known for his emotional opposition to the death penalty, who was convicted of Bobby Earl, a black man from Florida. The eleventh-year-old white girl, Joni Shriver, was raped and murdered. Earl has committed suicide by a brutal police officer who pleads guilty and real killer Blair Sullivan is a serial killer who has been executed for many murders. Armstrong convinces Joei for murdering Sullivan in the death penalty, thus protecting the Earl from the electric chair. <br /> At first all goes well. Sullivan agrees and the Earl is released from prison, the appeal court will cancel his error. The development takes place shortly after half of the film, during which the alarm bells begin to ring in the audience's mind. "Warning! Major plot twist forward!" So it proves. The expecting twist will soon be fruitful. Earl, this transpiration, was convicted of the offense he committed and contributed to other people's others, but with a goal to save his liberty with Sullivan, Sullivan accepts Jony's murder if Earl kills his parents. (Just why Sullivan never explained precisely to his parents dead). Armstrong now finds himself in danger from the man who saved his life; There was a revenge against Erl Armstrong's wife, who acted as an advocate for trial before the court when she was accused by an attorney, Earl's rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of the self-harmonious problem that Hollywood sometimes likes to disguise a movie by reducing certain films from recycling and other devices. The first half of "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird" owes a clear loan to the films; The only difference is Bobby Earl's sheriff, which she strikes out of black, but in the previous films he was white. (Police cruelty are currently equal opportunities). From the "music box" of Costa-Guross, the story revolves around the story, although the announcement does not occur until the end. The finale in which a lawyer, his wife and their younger daughter were in danger from a former client was a clear evidence of both versions of "Cape Fear" in the American South's Swapplant. The role of Sullivan's Bible-quotes religious emotionally Ed Harris is a direct simulation of the character of Robert De Niro in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear", four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> Seven years later, its central storyline, apparently abducted in the Ashley jade vehicle, "Just Cause", as high as borrowed from many other movies, is the high crimes "). <br /> The filmmakers are in trouble with the style, The films that are less likely to be inspired than they are inspired by the total amount will be less than the total amount Harris is generally a great actor but one of his weak performances is that many do not play in the role he plays in de Niro Max K. Blair Underwood's early scenes include Bobby Earl (suspected) as innocent young man It is right, but Bobby Earl does not consider the mental sense of murdering the latter Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburn as Black Sheriff is good, but it's not good to save this movie. (Connery and Harris's other, good, film, "The Rock", to be played next year). There is a problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film is a classic liberal "problem" film, an anti-death penalty, anti-racism and a huge-handed approach. The second of all the charges is bad bastards, declaring the message, the only way to use the dead, chairing them, and liberal advocates will be praised as leaders of police officers who beat the criminal brothers and criminal suspects of the lawyers. It is not clear whether the filmmakers introduced the plot twists in the center of their image to discern its (perhaps undesirable) impact on the political situation or the problem they neglected. Conversely, the plotted plot is considered to be more important than political stability. 4/10
