N.B: Inside spoilers. Naturally appointing an art director to an operatic production and inevitably you are going to have a part of the director's mind. But directing a Wagner Opera is a particularly chaotic work, because he is perhaps the most explicit opera composer of how he probably appeared and how to illustrate. Hans-Jürgen lifts the final masterpiece of Cibberberg Vazner's "Parsifal," which causes almost to burst in seams. You will get more than a piece of the director: you get the whole fat pork and then get a little more. Cerberberg should appreciate his behavior to cover the uglier elements in Germany's history. But does it already work meld with a Wagner opera desire to bringging with his own feelings? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the Knights of the Holy Grail are Laden, particularly with visual resonance and symbolism in I and III. These are from Wagner's own time, from a long time, and beyond. If you know what these things are, they can develop Siberberg's attention for you (but do not develop Wagner's attention); If they do not know what they mean, they are just confusing, annoying. I did not disagree with the opera plot here. A general Wagnerian synthesis of different elements In this context, the collection of the principles of the Holy Grail legend, the rituals, and the Christian clergy. <br /> <br /> I personally had to sweat for Siberburg's first act. (In the middle of my jarring habit, the music is saved day). But Act II pays the pace. Here we cling to Clancyour, the evil wizard, the "innocent fool" Parsifall. All of them are great seductress, Kundry, will be used to entice him to the dark side. After the first crossing with more icons, they will be removed, and the long, beautiful, transition duet between young fool and temptations is truly out of reach. Finally the movie starts working with a real magic, and it's mainly due to syberberg picking things naturally and just to be set. Suddenly this acting begins (Expressive actress Edith Cleaver and Yvonne Miton's sweetheart soprano to create a fantastic kudry); Suddenly the music life comes out and makes the interior of the two characters brighter. Camera work is simple and quietly fluid. In other words, Wagner was allowed to tell his story more and more his own words. And it works beautifully. <br /> <br /> With the re-entry of the Knights in the second half of Act III, unfortunately returns unnatural extra codes. Other Luny Cibberberg ideas: A huge set of Wagner Death-Mask in a large set-piece (making the composer's proprietor proposys a bigger comic); What kind of dressing, decoration and decoration of all types of decorations (III) Is not part of the Knights Effects? Will they express multiple or timeless layers of importance beyond their surface functions? Inserting ?? Just after the most openly baptized baptism of the cord by Parsifall? Modern-time reality of conductor rehearsing of re-projection footage, his orchestra in the studio (which completely drained my dramatic thread, needed a few minutes to reconstruct); Laws II and III (We have to be an old, old man, and rear as the horse-and-storyman "Gurnemanz again, and the ParsiFall-reincarnated, but wise, elderly); But certainly the most bizarre stroke is the division of the role of ParsiFal into male / female segments. Some have found it a very sensitive stroke. No doubt I can credit Kareen Crick, who played "Parsifal 2," with the strength and respect of acting (her best cast of Lion's casting). But please ... Parsiphall's Wagner concept is already very complicated. The eternal trauma of Amortas means that his progress in the Act II does not know anything in his past and his redeem from the completely innocent boy and how does it become his own, returning to the great Redeemer of Act III? This is the journey of masterpiece. The bisexual emphasis is just naive and absurd. (And what is this nonsense about homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? We just accept the relationship with a teacher / apprentice, which is Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armand Jordan under Marunt Carlo Philharmonic (although the chorus is frustrating) I removed the Soldier-led recording (highly recommended) and my arrogance Siberberg's credit for creating credit for his attention, and he certainly has a special role in an important opera, but instead of sticking to "ParsiFall", he must bring all things to Wagner Wanted: man , Life, and immense influence ... "ParsiFall" The opera is already full of weird symbols: Grail, Spiere, Sacred Sacraments, Baptism, Amoratus's Everything-Bleeding Injury, ClancySor's Self-Cast, Kiss, Kanders Curse, And on and on. It is not mentioned in the form of Wagner's Litmotif System, the reference to the musical symbolism that is consistent with the score. "ParsiFall" is a big sign! Returning to my first-paragraph question, Siberberg's entire hog was very much for me. But this project will go for it, compared to something tickling your fancy. I do not recommend staying away from this; You are sincerely satisfied. Or if you want something to break your vagner barrier, try it out ... Please, do not stop here. "ParsiFall" is in its last, most mature league.
