I do not know any statistical information that promotes immediate correlation between video games and real life violence. This film is fraudulent and fraudulent because it is totally contrary to this and has tried to emphasize my original review. This film is not necessarily because I do not think these kids are influenced by video games, but the image is set to "random" and does not follow. Let me clarify. Aileen: Life and Death of Serial Killer, you can see her arguments about police and radio waves are controlled, and she faces difficulties, and she really believes that she is really true. The viewer can make a difference. In Zero Day, they say that 2 children can not be influenced by any environment, which is contrary to everything they contradict. Neo-Nazism (which knows about his name, but it is not a shameless attempt to make the filmmaker's coverage of his bad movie) talking about what would happen to CNN with Wolf Blitzer .. The film does not describe 'reality', it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point. Unfortunately you are lying for bait and did not see this, and you do not have to pick up from my review either. The whole film simply merely guides Michael Moore's imagination and hopes to verify it in "real life", and it will fail because the theory is wrong, but the film is wrong and does not support it. But I do not think there is a possibility that children can play video games, but if I do not make a mistake, how do I shoot guns shooting Colombian children (or some teenage killers) on video tape? Did they see or act like weapons in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that most of the children are aware of, media, but clearly balanced or intelligent it is not even a problem. Zero Day is not a bad movie because I believe that I really have a relationship, but the filmmaker does not know what he is trying to do, and makes the film more refusing his position. If the new ratings given to the video games were unsatisfactory, they came with 'Zero Day' with revenge. If you want to see the 'mindless' teen killer theory pull right and go to watch bully.
