I recently saw this little lag, that it was shattered because I could not have it in one of those dollar DVDs everyday in those days. For those who have never seen this mesmerizing Mexican import for anyone who has never seen and have not been distinguished by anyone else's comical commentary, there are undoubtedly significant spoilers. If you are one of those neglected people, you can stop reading it once and see it for yourself. <br /> If you have drunk in advance, you may be lucky enough to go out before it ends. <br /> <br /> A man can become a wolf after biting anybody. Cross-ethnic Implantation No one has come up with a description of how this can happen and the rest of the movie is more helpless nonsense. <br /> <br /> "Only the dentist traded Novoakin's supply in the cheapest whiskey case and was drunk ever since. (He was not fortunately?) Naschie's face Never gave up, whether in the decoration or outside, and no one should tell him what kind of sister should work like a wolfa.At that time he would be able to make a lone chaney junior crouch Tad is another cool person with a very facial hair, and it is actually better than an actor in it, but the continuity is infinite.Naschy's wolf can only think about the shirts twice between those changes. He walked from the black shirt to the red shirt and black Interestingly, when wearing a red shirt he always chan crouch, and wearing a black shirt and a cool dude walk on the same night. It is only when wearing a red shirt that we see more of the fury mentioned in the titles. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after cross-pollination is bitten by the Amity, one of his pupils is sleeping when the poor schmuck comes back home from Tibet to find his wife. Two illegal lovers try to adjust the brakes in his car and kill him. He lives in ruins, and in time for a full moon makes it home. Then, after having worn his wife and a lover, he gets up again, somewhat electroded himself. But enough? Can they do the rest of this torment of peace? There is no chance. He was resurrected by an imaginative female scientist with a hardcore S / M fascist called "The Doctor" (not exactly the new incarnation of Doctor Who). She dug him and went to Kinkia Kastel, holding him up to the prison, chaining the wall, and giving him a good haste. <br /> <br /> After his two-shirded annihilation, our wolleon is wandering around the castle, trying most of the rest of the castle. Find a way out. During his wanderings, he meets a bewilderingly involuntary assortment of clippings, including a curiously useless phantom (the doctor's father), and a hard dress of the medieval armor, opera impersonator (who can blame him?) What about all, can anyone ask for reasonably? The mind has a vague idea that it has something controlled, and the doctor calls "chemotroads". (If that is the case, it does not know what it really is.) Kindly, this experiment ends with failure, and most importantly it ends ... a time is a time to speed up his own leg. <br /> <br /> In fact, no idea from an image like this really does not expect, but at least it's good to smile. It's not. Forget it, friend. There is an instability of volatility about the film, which also explains the more relaxed attempts to make its patchy, take-over atmosphere with its worst cinematography and harassment musical score, any MST3K type. If it's not good, how good is hell for it? If the vengeance of Montezuma was somehow digital remorse and placed on DVD, the film would have appeared correctly.
