I have no idea who I am honestly B.I.G. (Director of Bert I. Gordon, not a murder rapper) was still active in the 80s! I thought of the "Empire of the Ants", which I did not understand as my final masterpiece in the horror style, but my oldest hands were totally debunked on an old and dirty VHS copy of "The Coming", completely unclear and unheard of in reality more or less pleasant surprise Gained whitcher-movie! When the villagers of 1692 were transferred to the current Salam, Massachusetts, and soon crossed a girl in the history summary, the ending weather story of the dark ages began at the end. As you see, this particular girl was accused of fraudulent fraud on twenty people who practiced witchcraft and led their executions in the state of rebellion of An Putman, who was a brave girl in 1692. The man who attacked Lorraine was losing his wife and daughter, and he wanted to take revenge for his extraordinary revenge. But poor and three centuries old Loren is just an innocent school? Or she? The "Time Machine" thrown for a good measure of "blew at the stake" unfolds as a mixture between "Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a tad bit. Way to go, Bert! This plot becomes obscure and more irrelevant with each new twist, but in other contemporary witchcraft such as "Balance Horror" and "The Dawnville's Terror" are not quite as boring as in many cases. The film goes back and forth between the past days and the events of 1692; It's rather fun and fast. Anne Putman's girl is the most striking character of The Object Williams in "The Crucible" (painted by Vinana Rider in the 1996 motion picture). There are a dead death scenes, a grave teacher or a journalist in the library, who are committed to the spirit of life-threatening penance with the Aunt Putman and perhaps the devil. The end of the film is pretty fun and totally irrelevant, but overall there is some good cheesy fun. Plus, at least you can say about Bert Eye. Gordon is sure to build some directing capabilities he certainly has over the years.
