There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty but overall is not very good. Limited animation as well as sub-standard character and background design limits its mass market appeal. The character design was originally a cross between Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible, (Brendan, the main character also has an exceptional similarity to Kyn Pazzibil Ron Staple). In today's standards, the stand and stroke are soft and discouraging, and overall it is still poor and cheap looking. Many themes related to Eastern Europe or Nordic animation since the mid 80s are good but are good in its own way, but for modern child viewers, CG Slug Fests and Speaking Dogs are sure to be in every part of the fur of their body in the air. The story itself is not overly interesting and voice actors are not too impressive, noticeable is usually phoning his part to the magnificent Brendan Gleason. There are also a few clues and some secondary characters who have a stereotypical racism. However, some of the characters are good, Viking villains, although underused are well and completely in both forms and sound. The main character and his adviser has a moment that is protected by Wolves from a Viking attack, which is very well put together. Look and Feel also appeared as a film inspiration for watership down, including the blatant split of Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. If you have this clarity and obviously inspired by the Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon art, you can draw on its look. The film has very well structured shots movements, which leads to the eye in a very artistic manner, including a very good cut and a very big mood and an impressive Viking attack. Best of all is music, background music is very harmonious and moving, especially the soulful song song that works really beautiful and exciting and it covers pictures. If the whole moment is the poem (and it tries), it becomes a very beautiful and poetic film that unfortunately can not reach a wider audience, but it can not reach a wider range. It is very small for all viewers and does not stand for advanced animation standards. Overall, my opinion is split in several ways, but not all of it is great for watching music and song, and occasionally a pretty or horrifying moment. Oh and the cat seemed to be a long time, not sure how much it is possible.
