Chris Rock deserves more than he has given himself in "Down to Earth". This unimaginable remake of Warren Betty's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Ken Wait", directed by brothers Chris & Paul Wheitz, is the 1941 "Hare Comes Mr. Jordan" by Rihash, Chris Emmy Rock for his first HBO special. In anticipation, he accepts terms from A to Z, but he deliberately removes the F-word. Anyone who has seen this spectacular African-American comic in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma," or "Nurse Betty" can laugh the F-word more than he sits with Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy. Unfortunately, despite some fantastic jokes, "Down to Earth" became a contrived comedy under the rock and hits as an improbable interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" Brothers "American Pie" with their milestone Grow-Out Face This disposable irreversible is a completely vague and incompatible with a completely incomprehensible color-blind interracial romance. Unfortunately, "The Full Months" by Mark Adi, "Ajax Is", "SCTV's" Eugene Levy and Charles Wellington, Jr., Brian Rhoad's Charge Palmateri, feet and sketch characters. Hardcore rock fans blame their favorite comedians who are trying to fix something that never undoubtedly breaks down. Authors written by Lance Crowther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down to Earth" chris bise hard on stage at Harlem's famous Apollo Theater, walking the bike for a day at Apple. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a severe scare. However, his volunteer administrator Whitney Daniels ("Hannibal"'s Frankie Faison) stands tough and thin with him. After Lance learns, Apollo Theater will hold a final enthusiastic night when he tries to get Whitney in the lineup. I'm sorry, but if Lance is such a deadbeat stand-up comic, is it inviting him to Apollo? Meanwhile, there is something in store for duty lance. While pedaling the house on his bike, our hero is a beautiful lady, Sony (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire") crosses the street, but he does not see him collud with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton wrapped around his head with a yellow pillar. In heaven, a ship is similar to nightclub, Lance finds an overzealous angel, Keys (Eugene Levy of "Stan Tuned") over 40 years of his death. <br /> Heavenly honcho Mr. (Chaz Palmatier of "This Explore"), God's Right Hand Guy, Forgiveness and Escorts to Return to Landan. Snag Lance can not recover his body, so he lives in another body. The best thing to come with Mr. Keys is the ruthless, white, 60-year-old businessman Charles Wellington. Wellington's illegitimate wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his unconscious personal assistant Winston ("Sweet November" by Gregg Jermann) tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts the terms as lender until it finds the appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sounty again. She is a protest activist who makes her decision to privatize the Brooklyn Community Hospital, which serves the poor. When Regina King loses a role as a crusader health care worker for her role, she plays a role in evading confidence in her dealings with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, he tries to lay down Lance Santé, but wins a Gill in Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" features rock in his most innocent character. The comedian is questionable to make this film. According to the report, he drank alongside Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script of Beeti's visual character Elene May. Initially, Beatty attempted a genre-rebellious gymnick in his own form, seeking to play Muhammad Ali in the title role "Heaven Can Weight". The deal fell, and Beatty led the film. According to Rock, his longtime co-writers and he thought he could 'ruin this classic'. Moreover, his choice of "Heaven Ken Wait" based on his philosophy is "just as you are warm." Earlier, he rejected a script about the busload of Rock Rapper's because he could not extend his image to such a stranger. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not change its images too badly. This half-baked concert film with the annoying plot makes it much more to burn down his comic reputation as Weightz Brothers! The movie about a comedian is a movie in the movie, since you can not hear jokes and laugh when a scene is played at nightclub. Similarly, Marc Addi's role as Wellington's Butler, spoken in the English of the Queen, but actually has a simple logic from that of Michigan. Addy is a real Englishman, and he does not duplicate a voice; His voice is real. The main irreconcilable controversy with "Down to Earth" is repeatedly repeating characters that appear to be Swiss-chris, with Chris Rock disappearing for a few seconds. Chris White Guy Wellington has spent half a film, but the viewers see him much more like Lance, his paper, bald head, Caucasian white, alter-ego ghetto humor and hymn humor, showing the humorous hip-hop genres. Reliably, Rock Double-Duty was executive producer and one of its four chapters. A wealth of mystery talent is how a comic shiny out of the awkward, spoiled mess. Jamshied Sharif's amazing orchestral film score about the only redemption feature of "Down to Earth".
