Watch out for anyone who loves imaginative movies with an awful soundtrack, lack of dialogue, wazoo up clichés, and just the typical simple structures of an American film. Want to save money to earn DreamWorks voice talent or really want to create an animated episode of National Geographic; Either way, they succeed in delivering a corny and boring image. Spirit: Cimaron's Stallion sends mixed signals for children and adults, and the oh-so-cutesy theme of animals is entertaining fail even though humans succeed. <br /> <br /> After amazing animations have passed, your rest is not just a big noise. <br /> <br /> Spirit is a horse that is not suppressed, can not be calm or controlled. Because of this, he is the leader of a group of high-powered horses to have his mother. But, running a free life and running around comes a stupid one as he seized the group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West to the rest of the country. At this time, Spirit (not nearly the entire film is almost nicknamed) is an adventurous native American, and friendship with a fellow female horse, and a tremendous and ruthless army who do not have much faith. Why do you mix computer animation with traditions? It comes off rather slow looking, something spritered as well. The best example of chasing after a train Spirit; You see the hand-drawn spirit running out of computer-animated rail. It looks very well if one or the other, but not both; Except you can really pull some nice effects. Beauty and the Beast's famous dance scene uses computer animation, but it is not clear whether the film is train or ice. The opening scene is the best-looking episode in the film, regretting the rest of the picture to look slightly downhill in terms of quality. A small view is multifaceted; <br /> <br /> Children may enjoy this movie, but it's a perfect one because of the lack of dialogue, song and inspiration. Technique slows down to make hypercholesterols. When Disney disagrees with its animated musical criticism, they have become more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story. Bryan Adams is not in the film, and while Hans Zimmer is in a West West story, why does he avoid using the background of the Western film? Soundtrack will turn off a bit if you ask me. At least they use realistic sounds of horses, two points. <br /> If you're not talking about horses, the heroine can be a major role for you every day. <br /> <br /> Native Americans are good, and the West must destroy the wicked, local-killing, horsemeat, roulette, psychotic monsters. More or less, this is what the spirit shows us. It will reach a point where viewers are trying too hard for hate travelers of Wild West; They are also a scene for many horses, like a big train up a hill, and another village destroying the entire village of the locals. Now, the person's self-confidence was to make him cheat, in more than one occasion, yet he apologized, because he was not a soldier; He has a sassy male horse. <br /> <br /> If the confidence is not exactly the victim, we should be sorry; The viewer is supposed to be sympathetic to the spirit, even though he encountered his entire group of people in danger, and possibly devastated, and possibly due to some off-screen deaths, because oh, the spirit is in trouble! The film is very rhythmic, as we see in many cases, the spirits escape from the chains, besiege people, destroy property, leave horses, and then re-acquire - in the same order. The authors also have a siege of peaks, as they circulate throughout the film; <br /> <br /> Bottom line: Although it's a bad thing, it's not really a Disney movie. They are aimed. Therefore, instead of distinctive music, it comes with a fancy, dull and slow boring image on many occasions. Good animation is also different when thrown into computer work. Everything about this film is okay. Ideas for Native Americans were bad, so far the soundtrack and musical score appeared. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which is not very good with Old West, has a more Western feel than the film. Whom you have to give yourself and go through all the necessary ways. Thank you.
