Film pieces like Oliver Stone, Brian Depalma, Al Pacino, and Michelle Pfeiffer are good looking at a memorial piece as a movie garage. It is better to look at all times again and again and again and again and again to all the people. The film is the worst in Hollywood. <br /> What is this? It is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news and facts that are read in USA today. But the film is made in some fictional world and a 'Cuban' refugee in the American drug subculture; Rocky is like cocaine. Is this movie about Cuba or Cubans? In my life I do not believe that there is only one Cuban in this film. The tones are entirely fake, and the scene with Antonio's mother appears as a poster for Midwest American values. The entire scene looks something from the Dick Van Dyke Show. Is this film about Miami? It is L.A. in Florida Looks like. Next, a palm tree is a palm tree. This is a romance novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is quite clear from the getgo, and these two characters do not have a shred of chance that they always ignore each other. Is this not a drug image? Well, the problems of siege or addiction are also mentioned. The behavior of actors after Coke's success is no different than what they have a drink of water. <br /> Let's look at the remaining elements. The music is frustrating and the Latin Elevator music at Laurence Welch show or something like that. I heard a polka? Camera work is very movable and more efficient and has many cranes. Clearly, the photography budget is overwhelming. The sound is bleaching in several spots, and the dialogue seems to be carried out in the warehouse. Writing is terrible. One of these movies is also scripted. <br /> You dragged from one dialogue dialog to another, and the bricks brick the story with a brick story. <br /> I'm going to ask, is not this movie too? It's a two-and-a-half hour drama series. But at least one drama has the attention of the series. Maybe it may be mixed with a slightly shorter set of scenes. Whatever it is, the film or not, it's the worst piece.
