<br /> <br /> In this way, I rarely see a film that looks spectacular. And being French, will it seek for depth through the problematic? <br /> <br /> Leo is homosexual and he announced at breakfast for his family that he was HIV positive. The family decides that the younger brother Marcel did not yet come to breakfast, and at the age of 12 was very young. If he is four or five, but twelve? The first completely unreliable thing is that the family does not even ask how he or the virus came, how long did he know about it? Nothing has been asked. They learn about Marcel. This is a close-knit regional family, but if they learn about the HIV positive status of Marcel Leo and learn about homosexuals, family members will fully agree to the remaining questions or reactions. How many families do you know when the parents / brothers that he is gay does not have at least some response? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Leo decides to go to Paris to watch his ex-lover. And he decides to go on a trip with all the people, Marcel. Do you know who a lover will bring his little brother to go to see? Again, completely unreliable, especially Marcel does not know his medical problems or his homosexuals. <br /> <br /> Previously, all his family members had two children. The owner said that the americ would not be until the early evening. But why did Leo want to see him in his work? Why not make a phone and why arrange to see him in a more private place where they can really talk? Why not go to his house and see him? But, Layo appears with the next day (with Marcel) and is surprised that the americ has left everything to walk with him for 5 minutes. Amarik tells him he is no longer available, and Leo has left him and Leo has responded to any of his letters. Leo says "but I love you" and then wanders. But if he really loves Amirik, does not he tell him about his HIV status? Is this the lowest he could do? But not a pip. He does not have the leaves and warns that he might have a contract with the AIDS virus. It is totally irresponsible to him. And filmmakers; The film has been made clear for the young TV series for the French TV series? It's the right way to show children who are responsible. Well, not here? I guess "every man for his sake" is still French way to do things ?? Another aspect of the totally unreliable film is the "consciousness" factor. Everybody is ridiculed to anyone, someone or someone kissing. Outside the family and outside the family. I've never seen anyone in France as a physically and ever family member. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother had his leg on his elder brother's shoe, and his brother wore his legs because everyone is sitting around to discuss something. Who knows where the physical closure is? In another scene, the same 17-year-old Marcel's room asking "Are you sleeping?" Asking him to remove his clothes and completely naked into the bed with his brother, they are lovers. A similar scenario between this and Leo and Marcel gave the film some part. Sorry, I do not believe that this is a normal behavior among young brothers again. <br /> <br /> The only thing I can say about this film is that the actors are good at all. Particularly important is Marcel. But is not really enough ?? HIV and AIDS in such a vague and irresponsible light is very strong. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to burst Leone, but was Marcel once again left? He remains in the care of a cousin (I think). Yet he died from the outside and observed the funeral. What would such a close family do? It is utterly unpredictable that he did not include him in his brother's funeral. This is the last scene of the film, and it is the last straw for this viewer.
