When I was young, I saw the whole house and I did not understand why I did it. Not really remember the show enjoying. I see and many Americans look at it because of the wickedness that has been hypnotized. It keeps you on a trans-station and does not go back. I'm still scrambled, but I'm trying to go. I know a family show but that does not mean it must be too bad. The show is SO Cliché with each episode that ends with "talk" from the Father to keep everyone's problems away. The characters in the show are all unpleasant. It is all familiar, every time you come on the screen, want to punch in the face, wash the clap and clean the dad. We have a supposed "rocker" uncle that is just to look pretty for moms who have to watch this trash then. We have another uncle that will completely overthrow the effects of the uncle's bullwinkle (I'll say more about him). There is a bigger daughter who can not work and is always whining about something. Then the middle daughter is always "how hood!" Pretty much everything said anyone. Finally, the little daughter is Michelle. Michel does not start me playing, but the Olsen twins are terrible actors. If you believe in Christianity I guess you are her affiliation with the antichrist. She always says that she is "demanding" and trying hard to be "beautiful", "DUH!" And rolling her eyes makes you want her smack. I'm not a big fan of physical abuse and child abuse. But in her case I will agree. She needs everyday. She is the most selfish character to be introduced to mainstream television. An example of this is when she is busy working on her rocker uncle. Brat constantly annoys him and wants attention. He yells at her and she is upset. Poor baby! The rest is in harmony with her emotional needs and the uncle finally apologized to her. UGGHH! The display slows down your IQ along with destroying your will to live slowly. I am surprised that we did not hear news about the full house in the wake of police detecting people who committed suicide. Help yourself and do not see the show's reconstructions. You will thank me later.
