To a very young audience there, they probably do not know who Buster Keaton is. So, when they see the film, they are not very sad. I'm a silly comedy fanatic - I'm only looking for every existing Keaton film. Being a huge fan of the movie, the film is very painful. During his quiet days, Keaton is a very powerful and creative comedian. He is wonderful in his physicality and his pictures are almost never dull. However, in a move that blocked film historians, which ended in the silent era, Keaton withdrew his independence and became MGM's actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now only appears to be an actor - and they have written scripts that do not respect him for making him great. For the first time, these films with MGM are not as bad (like The Cameraman) but with the Toxics, the studio really broke up - with Jimmy Durante in several films. Durante's humor is based on his gift for the gap and friction. Keaton, on the contrary, is based on silence and action. Apart from the two, the ineffective actors were hard to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton has done some really horrific images. <br /> Now the Speech is not easy to say that is a terrible film. No, instead it is just time-passer and surprisingly unfunny. In fact, if you imagine a comedy in the movie, it makes it harder to enjoy the movie. Instead, it's like a play with some comic elements. <br /> <br /> The film starts with an odd setting - especially for Keaton fans, producing belly laughter. Keaton is a college professor, whose whole life is teaching. He did not know anything in the world and his nose was folded in his books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant trusts Keaton with him, receiving $ 750,000 from a dead kinsman - hoping Keeton to get out of life and enjoy. It's awesome, but something works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately left school and have some fun with New York. On the way there, he meets with a very unusual theater. Because he does not know anything in the world, he does not seem to realize that they stink. And, as he thinks he is wealthy, Keaton takes them to New York to perform on Broadway. However, before the show opens, his friends find Keaton is not great. So, they try to keep him away from process servers without telling Keaton and shutting down the programs. If they hit the show, then they would think that they would pay their debts and everyone would be happy. Still, it will be astonished at that event. What do they do? And, Keaton will get a good girl, knocked by a gold digger (thelma taded), or flat-broke and lonely? <br /> <br /> For Keaton, there are some stunts in the film. Instead, Keaton walks in a way that runs through just kind of part. It's very little to love or hate this movie. It's just blah .... when it would have been a heck of very good.
