It came at the last gap of this Western style; Unfortunately, it has emerged as a very small and completely unsatisfactory effort - even in the field and in the veterans! Firstly, the plot is not remotely new: James Coburn escapes from the child gang, intending to kill a man who killed a charton Haystone (now retired). Although the latter gave him a trap, Coberne kidnapped Heston, kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). <br /> Naturally, Hershey's green fiancée (Chris Mitchem), along with former lawyer - Cobern and his followers, left him with jail. <br /> <br /> Traditional sub-fedion style, McLaggan goes to Sam Peckinpah's approach - he never has ever been: repulsive characters, violence, and sexual tension The sexual stress created in Horshess's passionate group. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn have appeared in the past with Western Westerners - Troubled Major Dundee (1965; I recently had to take this renewal version on DVD, but recently I recorded the theatrical version of Pan-and-Scan TCM UK format). However, the film is quite common to give the Eliziaak mood, which is obviously going to be made (as well as the title): again, the two stars for the highest American artists - Will Penny (1968) with Heston and Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid (1973) with Coburn! <br /> At least, however, Heston maintains an honorary character - the half-tribe tries to stay in front of Cobern by looking forward to his aging role by facing his next move; The latter, however, plays an extraordinarily brutal role and only comes to the climax of his own (Heston's unfortunate moment of retaliation to testify to Hertz's gang-rape of his companions). Secondly, Heston sees this long sequence that attempts to trick Cobern with the trick received from his own EL CID (1961), then Heston in the villainous gang and two 'unused violent deaths'. <br /> <br /> Supporting star Michael Parks is inept Urban Sheriff, Coburn Mexican Lt. George Riveria, and Larry Wilcox - TV series CHIPs! - Hershey as a small member of Coburn's gang who assigned the task to see over his (doing his best to keep his drooling colleagues out!). Jerry Gold Smith is a fragrant, but at the same time, an unrecognized score.
