Jochen Hick wrote and directed this short thriller of a suspense film, believing that AIDS virus has limited the virus to the virus, depressed homosexuals and tested abusive years before the outbreak of extreme diseases. Not for the fraud of the film's concept, it comes into the category of many images of the world's loss by the predominant but abusive infective creature. <br /> Stefan (Tom Walshach)) To investigate his father's scientific views about the inspired sheep virus from Berlin to San Francisco and investigate its effects on the exploited. He meets dead theory with some unpleasant and responder, but he meets some who know the theory and support his research. At the same time, a visit to serial murders takes place, with every victim being murdered, and every assassination is obviously from Pusini's opera turntot, where music's classes begin in the San Francisco Opera. Sex police and bar rounds of San Francisco follow a murderer by a police investigator Luis Tolliver (Erit Levy) and her co-rapper (Callene Parker) when trying to identify people with guinea pigs in his father's doctrine. He meets a weird guy Jeffrey (Jim Talman), who appears to be a cast of cat and mouse attraction and suspectes of a famous Dr. Burroughs (Richard Connt). <br /> <br /> At the end of this story, it is an example of a murder investigation by Stefan and Jeffery, who read the story for self-identification. <br /> <br /> Tom Walsacha, Jim Talmman and Richard Kondi are the lowest quality of the films with less than the low quality Irit Levy and Klein Parker with their characters (only three who have a previous acting experience in the film): the story is reliable Drops below. There are a few minor characters by other actors who brighten up the screen for the movements they live in, but all of the films sink in an uninterrupted replay of 'Neson Dorma', like the movie Mario Dell Monaco sang from the opera recording - the reason for the film! A good idea for a film and some good characters by actors, but there is no solution in the initial premise. Grady Harp, February 06
