Except for 10 exciting minutes with HB Warner on the astronomical train, it's 94 minutes jaw-dropping terrible! Acting is very worse, but the story is really what I was afraid of. Early talkie standards (Lee Tracy and HB Warner are exceptions, none of which can be wrong) are timber and stalled. Rose Holbert Julie (a 1932 Dr Jekel and Mr. Hyde, a magnificent film) is absolutely horrific and lifeless. And the rest of the cast are worse, there are no words to describe their awful feel. <br /> <br /> The story is more confusing than acting. For some unknown reason, loves Julie Liliom, no cdad and women's user with any emotional features. He is married to Julie but does not support her, instead of lying on bed or meeting his low-life criminal Paul (Lee Tracy). And, oh, he never had a kind word to say Julie and he regularly beat her. Julie loves him and continuously makes him feel like it's only a misuse of him. The illness is that this story gives us a story of love story. Anyway, we want to see Julie a great character, whose pure love rides the lilium. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of the film will take place after Llama himself kills himself (a robbery plot is unfortunate and fills her with a knife instead of taking to Lily police). As he dies, he tells Julie, "I have beaten you all the time, but I can not forgive it." Finally, when he dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (When he died, "I love you", but after his death) God's Son gave Lilim back to earth another day so that he could "do something" for his daughter's daughter. The price for this is hell for 10 years. 10 years later, Lilim was allowed to see his 10-yr-old daughter a day on earth. She approaches her in the yard before her home and tries to wash her to make her "something good"; He tries to play her cards, and he tries to give her to Gabriel's horn, but she is not interested and rejected him. So he kills her. He. Slaps. Her. Then he will return after death. Looking, we see what Julie says about her daughter. The girl said that slap a kiss, not hurt. There is a magical moment of the film. The girl asks her mother if it is possible, and Julie replied that "someone can beat you and beat you and you can not defeat and beat you". Then music tides and lilium runs to heaven on the astronomical train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> The film has a masked cover, and it is an interview between the main magistrate (HB Warner is really amazing here) and the Lilliam Astronomical train. Lloym has many great things to say about Magistrates' life and second chances and death. This scene made me bamper this rating by 1 to 2 stars alone. The magistrate said, "When they die, you feel that their difficulties have ended up for them. You can cancel all your responsibilities, killing yourself so that your name is still being spoken and your face is still remembered, The time has passed, you completely forgot Until puberty, you did not complete the land, you caccipoyav. " Some of the most terrible trash I've seen are some great superb transparent stuff. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story is depicted as "lilio" and as musical "carousel".
