Universal's answer to "Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a purple, unexpected direction from Michael Winner. <br /> <br /> The model Cristina Reynas moves in a highland location owned by the Catholic Church, a creepy and blind priest John Caradine, where there is always a window. She begins to experience the thick spots and nausea. She rented a rented tenant, Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary) and a lesbian named Beverly de Angelo as a Lesbian. Ava Gardner (looking great in 55) showed Reinaurter Reyns as a place. Christina lover Chris Sarandon, who had a relationship after learning that her wife had "committed suicide". José Ferrer had a small role as "Priesthood of Brotherhood", who warned Monsignor Arthur Kennedy that he had rented a carrot, Other big rockets are heard. On the same night, he kills the dead wind and kills the dead father. Throwing down the street, Christina actually leads police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken, leading to some kind of fun counsel Sarandon to investigate it as absolutely certain, the entire wife's suicide court. That case is really a triggering factor whose blood really is finding on Christina and Wallet's vacuum system and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have a fashion photographer who is interested in this room and Martin Balsam (now reconstructed) as a professor who understands the secrets of this kind of Latin Cristina such as Jeff Goldblum like Tom Berenger (now renovated) Christina lived! Anything I mean is that no explanation. Wallach and Walken are finally forgotten and why they leave it alone and leave the investigation. Their characters remain in the back burner. A man is dying and the priests are "now the time" that Christina has not been adequately explained to her why she should be replaced to protect a particular gate in that high place. Some ghosts appear to Christina and she disappears when Gardner tries to show the rooms that are not properly explained in the birthday (see for yourself). Gardner's role in the Grand Plan is not about the role. She brings people to that high, but what are the reasons she really is in the film? It's too long and loses one of the last things that are just ridiculous when it's scared.
