Work in a new prison in Wyoming in jail has surpassed a problem, so the state board decides to reopen an old state judiciary that has been closed for 20 years, Warden Eton Sharp (Lane Smith). 200 basic prisoners are being transported, they work to remove the prison in the old room, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is ordered to enter the old run room, he immediately ignores, shoots & all the electrons around the submarine, gas & fire a few minutes go crazy. Burke unconsciously built a deadly evil in the mood of some who were not killed and no one was safe. <br /> <br /> Renny Harlin directed me and forgot about the shortest point I had a story I thought was a poor late 80s horror movie. C. Cortney Joyner, Regular Pictures, responsible for writing the classics such as the script of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Puppet Master vs Demonic Toys (2004). Budget horror trash is also I have not heard & take very seriously himself. The biggest problems I have in jail are very slow, even though the end of the pace is 'bad power' even more than 30 minutes before the release, but it is very little, I'm worried, then there's an obviously unseen plot. It always seeks to explain why a "vicious force" emerges in the old running room, which explains why the force decides to kill prisoners or why they want to retaliate, killing the warden's sharpness directly, Burke was captured in what it was and how it turned out to be a backward prisoner No, there is no explanation. Two early nightmare scenes are different, in which he appears to have something to remember, but never reveals to anyone or to whom. To be honest, the film does not have a solid story, because it follows all the way. The character's frustrating & unforgettable, murders are small, out of the interior, the whole picture is cumbersome and the ghosts can not shoot straight when trying to shoot the hero. <br /> <br /> Director Harlin's full American film did a good job early in the day, but there was a good atmosphere but one hour later I started boredom with persistent wheat, dull, dark prison cells & corridors. I feel the image look too repetitive, bland & frankly lifeless. I did not think I was scary. All the clocks in the whole garage are open to killing a policeman killing all while killing them. Excluding the burning corpse and a meat body that falls from the ceiling & very little. When Warren burned all the prisoners of their predecessors and put them in their lingerie on the yard, I thought I was looking at this scene and would never get away without you. The people here have the rights of the prisoners. Whanten would do so if national antagonists from all humanitarian workers / warders were wardered, jail service & government and they wanted to win! With a budget of nearly $ 4,000,000 in prison, it's actually a pretty healthy budget, it really looks on the screen, certainly has a good cast and some special effects in the same space with a limited ambition. The arrest was originally filmed in the original Wyoming State Jail, so it certainly looked into the business. This act is alright, and sometimes Hollywood stars are not only a chest horror film sketch in their shelves, but both Mortetenne and The Death of the Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994). <br /> <br /> "I really do not like random pictures of my films,
