Ulli Lommel's 1980 film 'Boogie Man' is a classic, but it is the average low-budget budgeter that is worth a look. The sequel, 'Boogie Man II' of 1983, will eventually be a waste of time, but it's very fun if you do not take too little bit tight. Now II open the door for another sequel, and for that I would not mind seeing at least one. While I was looking for videos in a mall in the mall, I got a movie entitled 'River of the Boogie Man.' When I saw it was a continuation of the previous films, I was glad to cut some bucks for it ... I should know very well. Although the opening title 'Boogie Man 3' is not the sequel to the two most outstanding films I have mentioned above. Well, wholly anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: H! It's a smile. Is the cow dung better about this hunk? Let's see ... it's 'The Boogie Man' and has footage from Um ... It's so compassionate. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start? Decisions and decisions. First, the whole bore of the film. It goes from scene to something else that's not remotely interesting or scary. Acting is very strong. The "actors" are friends of the director, who did not have any acting before, and there was no one ever. Ploteless and written script. The direction is just plain terrible. The director tries to see all the artifacts by looking at the camera moving around camera, lights flicker, and filters, but it does not. It's adamant and difficult to hear parts of music. There are ties to the original. Susie Love is named Lacey, Natalie! And the events that originally shot in the beginning took place in 1978. Also, if you have 3 of this title, you do not know what happened in II? Finally, it's nothing new or interesting for the series or style. <br /> Final thoughts: Time and money Those who are behind this waste are ashamed of themselves. This is one thing if the director first and sucks an original image. But instead it is not a sequel to the film, but it is much more interesting and fun than this. Another sequel that I suspect is, if this is suspected, it needs to be forgotten if it ever happened and needs to have some idea of ​​how to make a good horror film that has some idea of ​​how to make a good horror film. <br /> <my rating: 1/5
