Let's say I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a flawed cliché 80 horror movie, but it's fun to watch those kinds of hay! And plus it offered something a bit different. So I purchased it gladly and bought this picture of my surprise (only they copyed the copy) so I thought "EH, no hell" and bought it. Wrong # 1. That night I felt in the mood to see a movie (I really bought tons of that day) and I figured it was all the ones I bought so I could see this and hit them sack. Wrong # 2 Yes, I'm bad, but I'm willing to take a chance. <br /> <br /> This is the first flashback for a few minutes in the film. First I think nothing. Then the new footage with the chic's prediction in the bathtub and I'm very pleased to like it in the direction it's going to be. Then I was sitting next to the next flashback and I was sitting there thinking "Yeah I first saw Boogeyman! I know what's going to move so!" Then comes the next time and I figure it screw up and fast forward. Then the last one (perhaps I sent it through the description, but why was she lying on the mirror? At least she was able to show them!) And I decided to go ahead and then climax and the movie ended! WTF? What happened to the predicted thing? What happened to the long hair (he or what has happened?) What type of writer and director smoker and more importantly when doing this awful POS ?? And what is the point? Has all the flashbacks done in the first film? Or is it not the same thing in the same film at the same time? This was due to the roles of the Pontiff's Face in 1978, according to characters in the film, which took place 15 years later. Wait a minute, it's not! She is married to a nanny who is married to age 7 and 10, even though she was 20 when she was 20 years old when she was 20 years old at age 5, even though she was married at age 30, Why would it be Pantyhose then? What did she do with the characters of the original film? And I see someone who is just SCRIBBLING when Dr. Writing in his notebook incorrectly? Wow, how professional, dock! So, what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? It is a pictilis film without all of it I try to copy the original movie with the picture and that's it  ే (అదనపు ఫీచర్లతో అయినా ఇంకా ఏ ప్రత్యేక ఎడిషన్ అయినా?). అప్పుడు నేను ఈ DVD మరియు ఆశాజనక ఈ సమీక్ష మరియు అన్ని ఇతరులు తిరిగి సినిమా దుకాణాలు అది వదిలించుకోవటం మరియు ఈ చిత్రం ఇకపై ఉండవు చూడటం నుండి చూడలేదు వారికి నిరోధించడానికి చేస్తుంది! Please do so! Sorry this review is too long. I'm angry with this movie
