After the mourning couple lose their son, they move to a cab on a hill, discovering that there are destructive spirits of past dwellers and victims of suicide victims. Julie Pike (Cherie Christian) husband Allen (Greg Thompson) has caused their daughter's fatal death due to the abandonment of parents and marriage has deteriorated. Julie is in a zombie state eliciting emotion, remote and No. while photographing in a nearby prison jail, finding a vampire girl with a vampire girl clinging to bars of a cell. Although Allen does not see anything from the general, Julie will continue to pick up the pictures and realize that something is not right. A local handman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a distant colleague who is a secret to a mystery threatens a dangerous threat when his dead mother reveals something to the pyécus. Meanwhile neighbors who sell pikes will find victims in the cabin, and Mr Booth's abuse of alcohol for his wife is coming back to hunt him. Allen is conducting investigations in his cabin's history, trying to break the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> The ghosts moving in the background of this folly supernatural story are practically plaguing in every role. Cherie Christian is so vacuous and lost, it is very difficult to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her misfortune. None of the characters are easy to tolerate on exactly because acting is often frustrating, as it is mentioned. I think they should be in their situation, but I have not been able to embrace Pykes because of the constant stability of my constituents. As the chair is cool and detachable, I like a mom to figure out when you will lose such a child, but the icy nature leaves me requesting it to always receive her. If humanity comes to us, if the characters go through an emotional confusion, I think the right performers can capture the hearts of their right audience. In the film's case, Leeds could not do so, for whatever reason. I do not know this, I do not know. I wanted to care for them, but none of the characters pushed my heart strings. However, as the film continues, Alven slowly finds some truths and must defend himself against his wife, convinced that their daughter is in them and will not lose her little girl again. Jim, a volatile neighbor who does not believe in stopping the killings in the area, has to kill the pyés, which becomes a significant threat. The central part of the ghost film, their presence, was set up in Jim's mother, especially in the distance. When Allen tries to help his wife try to resist Jim's mission, the finale will reveal them all. I had a hard time getting this one due to my displeasure with Leeds and their characters.
