Well, what is this hell? Is not Spielberg's "Third Kind Close Encounters" a family fantasy film to achieve a huge success? Or "dinosaurs in the land" and "the last world"? Maybe we can not understand it's intellectual & philosophical masterpiece? Yes, it must be! However, the creators of "The Daytime Ended" ("Spider's Kingdom" by the good old John 'buddy' cardos and author of "Tourist Trap"), the creators of this confusing hodgepodge of genres have to use a lot of glue when they write. The story does not make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative is irrelevant as hell, hey, papier-mache dinosaurs, small spacecraft, headache-inspired light & laser performances and all-out supervolcanoes! Voice-Over introduction is practically audible, but do not worry so worry! Do you know what the definition of "time" is all about? Time does not pass over time periodically, it's a big paradox! Words spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around and things that are happening around us are already around us. I definitely understand what this idea is, but apparently it does not have an easy need to gather midget aliens and well mannered dinosaurs pressing on the screen together. I deliberately say well-mannered dinosaurs, because a courtesan of prehistoric monsters at a certain point knocks on the front door before menacing his goals. The crazy plot revolves around the Weirillos family, where they live in their solar powered home. Grandpa is very annoying, granddaughter, is a walking & talking advert billboard for grandmother's plastic surgery, the youngest son resembles the fantastically Prince Valiant and young mother? Very hot! Chris Mitchem is also a hot mummy's husband on business travel because of the drops in the shoot for some reason. Special effects are totally cheesy and totally ridiculous (I'm honestly convinced that the other reviewer is sarcastic about the "amazing special effects"), but the most genius factor here is the dialogue! <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "I guess nobody can tell me the truth <br /> <br /> If you know what you know or not, and you do not talk about "Vortex", you're an expert in the field! "The Daytime Ended" is a wonderful kid and worthless film, some of its fans love this movie The survivors were impressed by the younger ones and the gravitational effects they had suddenly worn out of money or money unexpectedly mushroomed by mushrooms.
