Man, I find that I really believe Alan Ball has anything to do with this mess. Since seeing the first two episodes so far, I can safely say that this show is not necessarily seen in my list. <br /> <br /> No actors are good. Anna Pacquin, the main character Sookie, is just awful. It's just the writing so I remember being very well with the other things she had seen. She's briefly looks apparently ugly where she should be honest, not too fun to see either. The actor who plays the role of the bill will have to consider his role as wood and away. Other actors are their best but they give a tough job with the cliché characters that are difficult to make. A perfect hardship to see the star, Rutina Wesley certainly killed the voice. It is like a sulkbord bad jewelry. Nelson Ellis is almost terrible, it's hard to understand what he says sometimes. His role as well as Tara can make me feel a bit racist. I do not know, there is a 'why exemption' in a HBOO show that has a character, that wire is a bit odd. The only cast of this cast, the doddering grandmother of Sookie, the brother of her slave brother, and William Sanderson is the bit of the brilliant genius I've seen as sheriff. The destination at this time without the original concern about keeping the viewer interested. A lot of romance stuff is the dark shadows-sy. The camp factor is ten times from the episodes of older dark shadows in the show. Sometimes it seemed to me to be fun, I had to think of it. But unlike Buffy, he camped the camp with a skill, this was not a show. Graphic sex of high performance and performance at camping. As they are in many other HBO programs, when they are well done, I'm not reluctant to both of them, but here they are considered to be the hardest sex scenes of Jason Strausshaus. <br /> <br /> The only nice thing I really like about this mess is that I liked the opening title sequence. HBO recently had bad luck with their performances, I hope they will cancel after the first season and try to get something better in the air.
