This program has a lot of hype, but I do not know about it until midseason (season 1). Someone recommended me for the show. But I'm going to see it, I waited until the end of the season, so I decided I could see a huge amount. Due to the show's format, I'm waiting. I guess every episode end in the middle of a little cliff hanger is very painful to wait another week to find out what happened in the next second story. <br /> <br /> The exhibition is held to throw in sex too. Jason moving is pretty much any sex. After learning about a woman he had been killed, he was in bed with another woman the next night! Then the star and Sam will know that it is in love with Samu. Though she sleeps with a vampire, she is later sensational, and when she learns about it and, for some reason, Sookie is mad. One of the issues on the show is that you do not do a good job of paying attention to the characters. I do not really care about Jason at all. Along with endless trials of the story, he was really rude to the people who expressed his concern. After some episodes, I did not think he was killing something. For that reason, I am up to the point that Sookie's grandmother is a victim (even more intimately involved with the first two Jason) loses much interest in the murders. <br /> <br /> Sookie and Bill Story gets a few more subplots. Tara's mother wants to become an exorcist, then exhilarating to try to persuade the star, she has to remove her own ghost. I'm totally bothered by that exorcism thing and I know there are some people who really believe that thing. However, after she spent $ 1300 on exorcism for her and her mother, it wastes some time in showing a farce. In other cases, some developments happen much faster. Jason attempts to sell her grandmother's stuff to buy a blood vampire blood, trying to sell a new collision or something to sell it clearly. In his quest he finds this girl with V with him (vampire blood). They get the most, and fall in love in three days and steal a vampire for the vital source of V. Another example of the Bill Vampire Tribunal <br /> <br /> He only went for two days before he was surprised that Sookie would be disappointed and that he was "vampire politics" more important than her. <br /> <br /> This is not the strongest claim of this exhibition. It does not take a genius to figure out what happens with a local dog. My feeling is dead, but not surprising. But in the end, it's really annoying because the two episodes are in trouble, you probably will not be able to get all the improvements in your face. When the tar car was in danger, the naked lady face with a pig was clearly shown, and was easily recognizable when she was shown in jail for her stimulus. If that's not enough, they then show the lady again in the pig in her home. It's time to close the murder story. At the end of the last episode, it is Renee's who he is who he is and is not the most killer. In the last part, they shove Renee being a killer in your face. Sneaker said that Renee's thoughts are odd to have no voice. I thought it was good, it was cheated to Renee. But the next scene is filled with conviction charges against Renee. They show that Renee had a tube of mattedte tape and found a tape in Renee's boxes about how his fiancée could dupe Cazen's accent. This time it's just ridiculous. That means we have to get it! So blah blah blah stuff happens. When Bill fails to save Sunie, the Bill almost killed him, who still maintains Renny to kill him. They left off the issues that had not finished and started the season 2. The naked pig lady and sam have a history, the lafayette may have been lost. <br /> <br /> Jason is acting as a bachelor in being a religious parent through some anti-vampire church. <br /> <br /> It is almost awesome to see how much love this show is. I guess this performance is better. I'm interested to see what's happening in Season 2, but if I look at it, I'll be waiting for the end of the season.
