<br /> <br /> <br /> If anyone in the UK is good advice, read the book at the end of the night, whenever the old 80 comedy is on Channel 5. Since I have read some comments from this film, I am currently in the process of restoring the detention. In fact, someone actually says that this film is realistic! All I can say is that Cold War is not aggressive or we say we have given our borders of the Army ... I acted very quickly in this film, maybe this is a play, who knows? <br /> <br /> I have never seen Bill Murray fan, Do not make me wrong, I was a loved one of Ghostbuster, only after three years after the film. But this is really really up to Bill Murray. Since I see the first run of Operation Delta Force I have not wasted my time very hard at this point, these two films are more than you think. For 1 thing, they start shooting terrific action scenes from both the end and the second. They suffer from two cheesy eyes, <br /> One thing here is that these guys should be in "US Army". And they were abused by the Military Police Officers, allowing Willy to surround Nulli around their camp, and then dropping them in the General's Quarters. Talk about random! I worried that this movie is terrible. Now, I'm not wrong, I do not have any feminist sympathy, but these two women actually fall in love with the two characters, and when they are arrested, let them go free ... Twice, just a disgraceful woman. A tatty haired, fat-lipped bum (wing) and his weird sidekick ramis can make themselves merely sweet and talk to themselves into the underwear of the MP, nothing short of ludicrous which they fall in love in frantically. There are training sessions where you have to meet the Squad "Fioncho" who threatens to kill him or his victims, then a heavyweight barley (played by late and great John Candy) to "pay $ 400 for anger management classes" Stated. Murray, a tribute to "Giant Toe" (WTF?) 'Drill SigeGent', was honest with a BIO honesty to divide his team rules. The scene is all over the scene of fighting scenes, saying people are "the way to the donkey hole". All the time, etc. <br /> The scenes then show the rag tag bunch, which hates themselves in the course of the ashult, one of them crossing birds with a rifle, peppering a watch tower with bullets in the air. (Yep like that, told you that this picture is random ... he miraculously escapes discipline as well ...) eventually weird team leads up to move out marching where the two-hour make the magic turn around within the space. Thanks to some clever words from Murray, then they choose a large number of armies as a dance transaction before a Geratric 'General' before the rest of the band. All of these two girlfriends in the stands are enormous pleasure, all of them really should be arrested ... they all smile though. This bit is not as small as it's superb. He chose to save the new multi-million dollar Prototype Armored Vehicle in Italy (which turns into a mobile home shot in green with a load of gadgets inside), "This is definitely required by the Army!" <br /> <br /> Then Murray and Ramís pick up their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive MP MP Girls in Germany and there is a terrible end to where this top secret prototype steal the military vehicle. A hapless captain (John Larochet) will then find and lead the newly appointed team members in the recaptured mission for this vehicle. They stop going "wrong turn" and stop at Soviet Helsinki Czechoslovakia, where they will be captured. (As we've not seen that coming up ...) so begins a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray + in the hands of the birds, it's a huge fight, loaded shooting from the hip and blowing up the tanks. Returning as national heroes with them, the Russians called them "pussies" and insulted the end. Right. Courts are not marshals, nothing. They only stole a prototype military vehicle, it is due to an international event that has sparked into the Warsaw deal country and sparked almost WW3! <br /> <br /> This film is honestly more fun to be diagnosed as a terminal illness. I know comedy is comedy, it came to the right actors, but where is hell? Channel 5 to cut those bits? The film's only redemption feature is the recurring use of female maddling wrestling, taking naked women out of the rain. (As I mentioned, Random) It is a thorough image that helps to divert from the fact of the course. Unfortunately, we want to see this film to be at the age of 9 when it is not realistic. 10 out of 1 star - the whole trip. My advice is more useful than your time. Will you be casting yourself ...
