The British Public School system has not evolved only with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes on the upper classes. It was designed to create administrators and governors, civil servants and general commanders to run British colonies. These individuals are almost entirely appointed from the middle classes. When the public schools began to show their value, they were sent to the sons and daughters earlier than they were educated in high school. "Eaton and Harrow became very popular in the classroom, and most public schools took their students from the social level to the bottom.Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous public school student, was a country parson son, not a belched Earl, in the late 1960s England, colonization A country and Harold Wilson who have experienced guilty feelings The last of his commitments to his former refugees was to give away his "gneks" mack, with lindsay Anderson's "if" cuttick and others through the tailoring classes and light ridges. "An incident that followed the" October Summer " And the United States Embassy with one or two broken windows Although Mr. Anderson left the film, the unsuccessful former revolutionaries, who had achieved great success on Marcom McDowell's fierce "Them", eventually wiped out and undoubtedly succeeded in their efforts to enter the USEmbassy. Public schools, homosexuality, bullying cold showers, patriotic satirical teachers, nothing new about silly traditions. This is a very familiar list. It was announced as a supplement to Britain for corruption and inferiority society represented by the school. Well, almost the same forty years that same schools still develop, the British social system did not change, Mr. Forgotten and Mr. Anderson had no effect on casting his full "state of living" except for those who were involved in one side or the other "October Revolution". If you want to read a book about schools that have succeeded more successfully than Mick McDowell and his friends, and even lived to tell the story, find out a copy of "Stacy & Co." Most critique poem "if" is a man born in the film of Anderson, California, who gave birth to a man airbrushed quietly from our literary history. And if he succeeds to classify the worst classes, perhaps someone should start a revolution about it.
