Almost five years ago, though I was released on DVD by Blue Underground, I never saw it on Italian Italian TV on the Italian "Sword and Witchcraft" issue and now I know it for myself. A serious gore (some examples are there) or some women in it at all times (which is set after the dark ages) will parade at all times? In fact, quite simply, very poor things. In fact, I can see that it's probably the kind of worst I've ever seen and I can trust me, I'm very rich (especially in the last few years, my vacation in 2004, the Venice Film Festival)! I was able to see their point: I was full of Fillsie's pre-"giallo" period (1968-77) in the horror of his most famous thing (1979-82), the film's failure at the start of the initial release (and the deteriorating) career is believed to have led into its next (and decadent) career nosedive low budget gore ) But neither, finally, his commitment is undoubtedly undoubtedly. On the other hand, seems that the cocktail is not inspired by Fulkki at all? When they see how he decides to deal with an unpleasant permanent fog, the absurd character (dark colors, werewolves, anyone?), Absurd gore (worrying, their brains are literally beaten by their hairy enemies!) And masked, brainless villains (do not ask) And even among her slimy reptilian pets, too incomplete Intimacy For a price, here are two heroes for a price: a young magic bow-carrying boy some man-confirmed odyssey (Andrea Ochitchini) and his rambling muscle-bound mate (George Rivero) from French Howard Hawkes' Rice LOBO [1970]! ) Who, though he is called Massey (maybe Moziste, maybe?), Leaving time in his cave and getting into trouble Man can not afford to make a 'boils' offensive attack). Unfortunately, the typical savings grace of such lobbous material is also smaller here because former goblin Claudia Symounty is often inadequate at times of electronic scoring. Fully refused to give this film a desolate coda, as the targeted hero in the forest (defeating all with the help of magic bow and for his own physical strength)! His next? And the gratitude of the complimentary adventure!
