Do you know those letters to "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" sent every year? Well, they are not really delivered but if some bright spark does not remove the way they are posted, the post office's half has been forgotten in the corner. Bizarre settings go and it is a winner and one that fits the strange movie called "Dead Letter Office". It was apparently a British film against British one. If it is a Royal Mail, most letters get this kind of treatment. I have not been in this flat for two years and we are still a few ladies for some of the women's priest and industrial appraisals of Mr. Wong, I-Never-Hour-Off-You of the Letter Day Church. <br /> <br /> "Dead Lorry Office" Deal Letter Office) (The name given to the name of the notorious mail) aliens (Miranda Otto). Writing to her father, she only realizes that her characters are not distributed for one reason or another. So, logically, she gets a job at D.L.O. Broding is working with other social rejections, including Chile's immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoa). Slowly, she learns that she is attracted to her, but can she find out where her father was not to take the self-restrained world of the Dead Letters Office? <br /> <br /> Nothing is against this film but I have made this horror Heather Graham film "Committed". However, this horse is much better than the rubbish pile, but then again, it's not difficult. In the beginning, this film is more logical. Of course, the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the flow signals are rapidly changing. But at least it's binding and agility without perfect movement. It has acted well. Both Otto and Dell Hoyo are good because the lovers look elsewhere and they are the best of the other characters. The part of the trouble is to wrap up very quickly, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointing. The other part is that when you take into consideration Australia's brutal immigration system (ie, if you do not speak in English, the Rake Off!), That story does not really happen. <br /> However, the "Dead Letter Office" certainly is quite different. It may not be for everybody's taste, but I like it. Yes, it's hacky and imaginable, but it's good to watch a film without guns or violence or heavy duty swearing and nudity (this is not possible in Australian film). No major laugh, no bullet time and characters are usually a dimensional. But it's counting here, even if it's not overwhelming on earth, it's a fun enough way of passing time. This is the image of the Sheryl Crow CD - it's good to hear it again but if you're not there you will not actually lose it.
