There is no conspiracy theory about the satanist / nut bomber who is targeting Sevilla's religious festivals during the Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the film. A computer game by platform bomber, as a hero and hero as a hero and as a virtual environment for Seville. The real areas and streets of the city begin to take on the labyrinth characteristics of those old PacMan-type games. In this way, the hero and his female camp will see the scenes driven by a black-eyed penis that may not be as stupid as playing. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we know that the story is built into a game - the hero job creating crossword puzzles for the leading newspaper; At one point, the crossword grid chess on his screen turns into chess, which he plays against his girlfriend's father. The cameras are mystifyingly clustered, clustered, closing in the images shown only after the most important (eg the statement in the bar). In fact the subsequent detective / paper chase elements are part of a progressive game. <br /> <br /> The film depends heavily on the sample of 'Se7en', and some people with Catholic education can take the lead in some of the events that are running up to EAster in a few days. <br /> When reading this, the game is in the narrative of the story that struggles to win the enemy (in this case, on the computer) and save the day. But the second game, there is also a picture, which will remove it. There are no intentions of the killer, but there are other scenes that do not refer to filmmaker and his leader. Chess in the first ten minutes, the author of Novakokov and a worship leader called Sari. If we remember that Chein's beloved NBC's 1930s nicknamed Sirin, we see another game where we suspect that the villain is not, but the hero itself. <br /> <br /> In the Nabokov novel, like 'Paule Fire', the author creates a text designed to hide his own intentions, and it creates a real lesson for the writer and readers. Scenarios are visuals (eg image contracts), or scenes that describe the dreams and hallucinations that typically suspect the idea of ​​heroes. All of the early references to the games are linked to him. In the opening sequences, most of the character is made with sexual and creative impotence, so the film is not a true, but a winner to master his life. He did not win the game much earlier than his writer's block disappear; In other words, the title suggests that the title is the whole author. Furthermore, the title was negative in the Spanish, with many Nabokovian revolution, a leader like Kenbot, was involved in his own solicitamism. This confusion in post-modern literature (such as the Borgs, Echo, Pinchone Chris Marker (history of the city and its history and map and the spread of a cultural history), Fincher, 'X-Files',' Run Lala Run 'Buellian Anti-Opinions, and Alex De La Igelia's' Shock' films are the result of the film, and, moreover, a chaos, every brilliant <br /> <br /> Ironically, in the work of overdrafted artifacts, the main interest of the film is in its documentary quality, its own events are taking place independently of the It's a record of what's happening in the real city Photos vague blurring of fiction 'Sans Soleil' or 'London' as a masterpiece of creating, but in the end you need to have the knowledge to match the light touch.
