At first I would rarely be forced to take a moment to comment on a movie that I saw, taking time, and taking a special case of how I felt about the film. About the hundreds of movies I'm looking for, I'm incredibly wonderful, Shawshank, terrible, Black in Woman, ridiculous, Shark Attack III: Megadadon and now the worst: Vampires vs. Zombies. br> <br /> The first thing is to say that this movie is not funny! Just watch out for those looking for a light heart movie that's just fun or just fun to watch. It's true that such a film is not trying to be subtle and bright, as the title like this you need to know what you're doing. There is no need for a movie to abandon any rule of execution of the world's film structure. It is not an argument between traditional motion picture production and new and more "artsy" techniques, which are responsible for bad directors and companies acting in terrible films. <br /> <br /> The film is suffering from the use of "I do not know where to start". Everything about this film really breaks down. No image from acting and editing ever Vampires vs. There is no reason not to fail a series of events like zombies. There are some of the following issues; 1. Visual Misfires - The director, camera crew and the actors are not on the same page. In one scene, the scene begins with the camera on the floor looking at the door of a car's passenger door. You're waiting for the person inside to go out, but it's there, and it's not exaggerated, in 10 seconds, at least between the camera and the director says something is going to be "action". Radio or TV commentators are not afraid, just the sound, what movement, the viewer looking at the car door without a stereotypical "dead wind". Where is editing? 2. Acting - In many cases you can not imagine a crime that has a forgiving crime, Oscar winners, but Vampires vs. The evil is taken to the whole level of zombies. These "actors" are unable to read their scripts, as those who have the ability to read someone can correctly pronounce the lines rather than these fools. My only comparison for acting should be the starting scene from Resident Evil on PlayStation. <br /> <br /> 3 story - Wait? Story? You can not ever imagine that this is a great story anytime, but is it too much to ask if we have some comparison of an article? Why Vampires? Who are the characters? Who are bad people? Good guys Why all the lesbians? But most importantly, what is the deal with zombies? If you see this film, I understand what I mean, but for those who do not have me plain, there are no zombies in the movie from five minutes in this movie. The director has just forgotten the name of the film and eventually some people have to throw the zombies without explanation. <br /> There is a lot more, but I can keep anyone watching this movie.
