It's not really a horrible film (especially if it is directly made for TV-distribution), it's actually hard to point out an item in "Bloodsuckers" that is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space is not exactly a new formula, and after many movies dealing with these monsters in this particular setting, there is still no one realize that there is a very stupid premise that no one is probably the result of half a good horror movie. "Blood Skakers" also went one step further and imitated every imaginable movie that rotates in vampires and intergalactic battles. Plots and characters are mainly stolen from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Aliens", because future vampire hunters are doing a staffing crusade and the irregular horror gestures, Voorhees and Leatherfaces. A good team of enthusiastic general tendencies, constantly dealing with cliché issues and arguably about unworthant things. Captain Damien is the infamous rookie, now he has to prove his leadership capabilities after much or less responsibility for the death of the previous (and more beloved) captain Churchill. Other annoying characters are typical cowboy-style and hand macho pilot, with harder female warrior board with more balls than men (she is an Asian descendant of Latino girl in "Aliens") and the army's precious secret weapon: Blade-Girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire on the side of humans. She can spot her enemies while still light years away and she can also make the wickedly sexy things with anyone's wet dreams. They will eventually learn to act as a team when they have to face the ultimate Vampire-Immée: Michael Ironside (in another reduction role). "Blood Skakers" is a rare stupid film, but it provides entertaining as long as it has gory murders, infant dialogues and OTT makeup effects. It's only annoying when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the team and the Bolla Black block. The film is a series of disappointing and unpleasant ideas, but at least it is worth watching.
