I have seen these nights nights, not too much expectations and it's unclear what's so exciting. Plots set up in the band of vampire hunters (for V-san, Vampire Sanitation), periodically kill space spots and save people, revolve around their convenience, a lot of sound and film is good. Unfortunately after the start of the original, the sense of the original quality starts to get out of the film, leaving behind something, even though it is blank, is very ridiculous. I do not expect anything special on these films, but it's still very bad, mostly due to writing and acting, but with a sterling collaboration with the whole vicious one that made terrible music - this is not one of their creature symptoms with the science fiction channel and this is about one atrocious cgi beast. When the film was chosen for the distinctive science fiction sound soundtrack sound, it was OK, but it was so often that it broke into ridiculous bad soft rock scenes. I'm enduring the usual cheesy performance, and more writing is not for the selection of music, it's a serious mistake, to turn out to be the most lucrative ridiculous from cheesy. In acting, Dominic Jamprogna was right but Blond as a nominal hero, Lane Adachi was pretty bored of the Vampire Busting team and Aaron Pearl was another member, he was neither impressed nor interested in making an opinion. Acting Larque Natsia Malt has dreamed of having a less frustrating role than others, and she did not recognize the fact that she was looking good. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside and is intentionally suspected, though he is neat, pretty entertaining though underused. He has fun and earn his cash and his role is entertaining. All of the effects are correct, they have the standards of the average science fiction TV show, and there are some scenes and bloody gore publishing blood. Things move along nicely, and I almost feel this movie is a severely tough rating, but then I'm not really sorry for it except the comedy, which is bursting into laughter at the regular intervals and the movie I do not think it is. It's very dull, daft, unbelievable, I'm anticipated to be the right one but it did not appeal to me. If you really say the size fiction trash or unnecessary chuckles give it just a go.
