As the actors are good, especially as the Fritz Herbert Blind Lilly, the film script is enthusiastic acting and totally unilateral. A leading theater director (Hilmar Snar Guanan), who became a car crash became a blind man, was driven by him and his fate. Lilly, who can not see her since her birth, is a teacher for the blind and wants to "look" again. (Blind people see their fingers, nose and ears). Where the film became a road movie; And as long as the road is over, their relationship develops, imaginable at the beginning of the film. Theater director is on the road to his mother (Jenny Grohman). His mother lives somewhere in Russia and oversees artistic installations - of course, what should she do? - I live for her, waiting for her son to die. Oh my! <br /> Finally the son came! Mum is celebrating a big party! At the sea shore. It's windy and a pianist is playing a real piano in between a dozen. Yes, they celebrate her farewell. The son just comes in time. Mom finally swallows the tablets carried by a beautiful nurse. Now a great artist dies in the hands of his great artist's son, who speaks in a straightforward speak of the son in a perfect German, the son replies with a tough voice. As the son can not see, he does not fall in love with the nurse - the cinema script is even more complicated! <br /> <br /> <br /> In the parallel to this road, Lilly's sister stays at home and protects herself. Compatible on this occasion. Mum (Tina Engel) Lily, along with a lover of Paul (Herald Schrott). They brought her back, Lily afterwards. Paul and Lilly's mother did not fall in love, because the film script became more complicated. The film script is very unusual too missed to make Paul out. I refer to an architect or a pianist or a famous person! When they eventually found Lily, she wanted to persuade her to come back to her, she had two eyes and had to work for her. But Lilly is in love with his student, theater director; <br /> Does he say that he is also a leading theater director? <br /> It is Germany Film Art! As you can see in this vibrant product, the German film subsidy fund does not always produce good images because they are subsidized for such fake intellectual films. This image is really intolerable. I was in the movie script with some of the best coffee makers in coffee shops and restaurants. Everyone is entitled to cooperate with one idea. As co-producer, Til Schweiger also collaborated with some intellectual scenes. I remembered another German film of the full sadness of this movie script: "Barfus" - the title of the title already is not correct! "Barfus" DVD cover proudly wrote: "A Til Schweiger Film". The film also received Filmstiffungung NRW, FilmForgung Hamburg and FFA's subsidies. <br /> <br /> Do not ruin your time with this movie! Germany has good movies. Marcus H. Look for movie directors like Rosenmiller, Joseph Willsmeyer, Hans Stinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmidt, Faith Akin.
