I recently had audiences experience with The Perfectly Witness (2007) because the Netflix Computer Recommendation Engine suggests I will watch this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told it how much of the likes of Michael Haneke, Benny Video. I do not know about you, but Thomas C. The dirt of this emotion and enthusiasm on Dawn's film has motivated me and allocated my time to refuse. This kind of recommendation from NetFlix Computer Intelligence is very high on me, aesthetic / moral movie bar, which is pretty much unparalleled in every movie produced in 2007. <br /> As a substitute of my response to the film, I'm going to continue to rotate this image properly and unobtrusively; And I want our son, Wes Bentley, to be one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary films, and I want to have its most neglected and inappropriate screening talent in the US because I really hate it. <br /> <br /> If you have been fiddling with movie directors, you are worried that the poor man has lost his reputation. <br /> <br /> Perfect Witness Mickey (Wes Bentley), About Thirty, still lives with Mom ("You Again Ya 's" Aires? "), but he has a" filmmaker "or at least one kind of street-level Jones with pension for shooting at Voyager in Philadelphia's seedy rear areas with his DVX 100B. There was a brutal murderous video tape with an embarrassing early twenty-ish companion with a camcorder in his hands "unexpectedly" doing the drills like his personal investigators. Recognizing the cultural turmoil as being a cultural currency and reminiscent of the fact that films may be equal to his ticket from the white town ghetto (and not for his anonymous friends and kin lenders who did not make money for his filthy paintings), James Leemak (Mark Borgovsky: writing credit) or " Mock the knife "? Whatever it is - and blackmail a killer on the killer of his murder motivation, <br /> <br /> The problem with the film is that there are no interesting ideas. While writing and directing are both enthusiastic, it does not do anything bad. It's just a free world with access to a person's personal computer can log on and log on the log-on and in which they are wondering what's a culture context in which these guys perform a rather poor assumption to commit a decapitation action on their small Mac or PC. Any film depends alone on the value of shock (if painted on animals) and therefore has less and less cultural capital of violence every year (real or fake) film. Moreover, we get all the genre, true hip guy of this incredible actor: the skull cape with his two inch beard and a small bill on it, subsequently, the potential services of my primary love interest as durq from high school? Now the same person calls himself "poet". <br /> <br /> Spare me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a filmmaker." Okay. Please, that shtick, continue with Croony. You get 35 ml of expensive It seems to buy a stock. And go ahead, you can wear all the accrutements of a "creative" but do not expect us to respond to the top, just follow the below average character below your two-hour image while you take Wes Bentley career. Why do not we just talk to greatness what you do, filmmaker man. My opinion tells a few about the end of history, perhaps it's good if you think it's not good. And yes, odds should your beloved Ole be blamed on us, our Man is perfect in the perfect witness; With a video camera in your hand, smoke on your smile and your friend is covered with blood. Great.
