I ended watching this movie. Since I was a big fan of punk rock, horror movies and spoops, I was so happy. I was very surprised at what I saw. I know it's not a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. This is a good song and a great, very low-rated band, The HorrorArps, their song reform, Where Wander, and soon killed in various gruesome ways. It's great. But the problem is really, until the end, this film is really all. Live performance, death. Another live performance, one death. It gets old. And the gross (literally) overuse of the intestines in death scenes. Why not use other body parts such as killer legs, or eyebrows, or brains? Do not make me wrong, this film has some parts that are awesome. Similar to a Harrdour French band called Bertet, a band called Atacus, a scene of the show and a Simple Plan team, has enough members to bands to play their show, and the heavy weight of soup for bowling and the guitarist is a really hilarious By killing the manner, I will save for this movie will notice the future. But the big problem with this movie is the first ridiculous, but shortly after, "actors" are not very acting talent. Particularly warped tour creator, Kevin Lyman. He tries very hard, but I suspect he did not want to do the film, but I was contractually liable. In addition, sound quality is terrible and no subtitles on DVD. Movie's solution story is very hazy and very random. About a magic sword and about the devil Lloyd Kaufmann. Bottom line, the film has very good features, but it is not enough near good horror, music or comedy film. I will have to credit it, as if I had never heard of it, turning me into some bands. Tsunami bomb, and phennomatts (mad, manobili band). If you would like to rent this movie, if you wish, look for the first 10 or 20 minutes, look at the next 20 or 30, if you still want, then watch. Otherwise, go to special features and see all music videos and live shows. They rock! Long live punk rock and horror!
