John Hughes wrote many great comics in the 80s. "European Vacation" is not one of them. Hughes's first big hit "Vacation" (1983), they are predictable, infidel and hurt - they are dumb, romantic clark and Ellen Grissvold (Chase and D'neno) I enjoyed the third movie "Christmas Vacation", but Griss Wold's trip to Europe was tough and compelling, perhaps this was a sequel to Hughes's sequel Nevertheless, the story is not really insulting and the story of "European Vacation": There is nothing by the story: Greyswalds went on a tour of Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy, winning the game of "Greedy pigs." The first part of the trademark screwball physics Humor loses all the effects, because this is what it's coming to see The director of "Fast Times at Ridgemont Hai" hopes to do it too. <br /> <br /> It took a cheap shot because the hughes put the sequel: "European Vacation" insulting Americans (they remember the greedy little pig game show ), Especially tourists, take great pride to represent the Cornwall Griswold family. It's also back when "Oh grissvolds us, because we're always getting into something because our father is an idiot." Then in almost the comic manner it ended the tribute to America and how grateful it is to grasp that Griswold's come back to such a good country. If Hughes goes to satire and make a bad movie, I should give this 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> It's not just right, but "European Vacation" Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill) are the two worst actors to play with. They're both annoying and obnoxious, with Audrey blubbering unattractive and loudly talking about the boyfriend leaving behind the finished image almost. Hughes also goes as far as having her comment for her fault, seeing her a bigger breadwriter. Very tasteful. <br /> <br /> In this film, thanks to Monty Python's band, Eric Idle, he read the lines directly from the "Holy Grail" in a number of different locations in the film The funniest part in the film. If Hughes finds only the only non-American actors of the film that we like, then he has another tip to break the Hollywood comedy's underbelly in the 80s. However, is it sad to do it when it's fun?
