I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. The actors of this genre are not the best, he is one. Nevertheless, the film is very good despite a poor cast. The story of Carlito Brigante was told everything they had to say until they went to jail. Instead, it seems one of the many stories Carlito said. We can answer some questions that we have thought about in the past. I am concerned, the only way you can do this movie. This is a prerequisite for playing a different part of the original characters (the original terrible move), and a completely different lover for Carlito. I do not even start with Puffy. As a Gangsta, I can not take that child seriously after seeing him as one of his artists. Evertime Dude opened his mouth and I am waiting for me to start dancing. If he had anything to laugh at me. Mario Van Peaks surprised me with his role. I wanted to give a poor performance due to his recent history. He did well. He probably was quite "believable" from the whole cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez is his best but he has no skills in his career to play this role. I appreciated his power and his efforts. Pasino hard to follow. The only way you have a clue about Carlito is to see the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold blooded killer in a scene, then a spineless vump on another. He is one of the bad gangstones of his time, but in this movie you will be seen only in the film. Perhaps this is a pitiful way to Hollywood to try and make the 2nd prequel to cash for this failure. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this image is too small or what happened to it. The only reason I gave a 3 is because I laughed too much and Mario von Peeples earned some respect with me. A serious director took this film and actually spent time into the story, making it a real prequel. I was disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. It is better to change this to a small-sequence in HBO and tell the story like the original instructions. At the end of the film, they have nerves to suggest Carlito returns to the city. HEELELLO .... part of everyone wants to see !!! Then again, this is my opinion. I can not tell you how to waste your money.
