Perhaps it's not an interview with the DVD, which is with the director, who is telling the title, or the trailer (obviously he keeps saying "hi, kids" into a buffer-like camera), but I have expectations for entries of a Virgin that have some nice romantic scenes and brutal, bloody murders At least a little smoothed smile with Japanese intrusion. Its very good, or bad, or the worst way for whatever happens. There is a problem - even if it does not have a balance of sex and violence, it can also be seen in many similar ways in the Italian sexually-fled Porno Holocaust. Too much sex and it turns into a model romantic, with much product quality compared to most professional porno movies! And killing scenes, creating creature / killer / whatever, at least a small tack, and ingenuity to be just a smidgen. There are no entries in the Virgin. It's safe to say it's a pretty soulless film even if it's never been too rubbish- it's just for the men who are getting in trouble for the horn-dog Japanese fetishists and their 'other men who have their brains <br /> <br /> <br / <br /> <br /> In this case, we take some shots by some of the girls, one night in the house and he's a clash with "a murderer" One by one. First, the director kajo 'gira' komju decides he must first put in a random sex scene - the clips in one or more sexed photos of the sexes are girls. This is from another movie. Then settled in the house, the 'wrestling' scene was poorly choreographed and filmed (yes, we had to see him all), and then raped and murdered. First, rape, photographer, girls promise some jobs for their time. <br /> <br /> Then the killer who likes D'Amato's life is merely muddy, giving a stupid face and kills men and / or raping women for an unknown reason. <br /> Now, in the latter case, you should consider the highlights of this film. It is like saying that the crucifixion is the best part of a salad that is tasteful. Spike thrown like an eye-catching scene, an Olympic show (a distinctive, scene cooler), and finally an overly sexy-crazed girl's entry, I can not remember its innumerable name. This is disappointing because the title is not right! On top of this, romantic sex scenes and actors (you seem to be enjoying themselves enough, so they need to speak to themselves) through everything that is grossly non-vulnerable cutaways through 'Guy' and Japanese Sensors. But the whole feel from a virgin's entries is that it can not stop the murderer from getting her off without shearing a silence or a real horror (and not as the last surviving girl, a movie of the movie), she will be standing for five hours and throwing her at you! I hate hatred or completely redeem.
