I first said I gave the film to 10. I'm going to give a straight out 1 but it has got a couple extra points for the whole body. But it will be about it. Let me explain. I have a lot of confidence in bargain horror flicks, especially B-movies because I paid £ 1 literally for this DVD at a supermarket. But if the film is intended for the constant, I have for a number of reasons (when I hit it in the moment) has been amazingly failed. It did not shoot for B and Miss, which F went somewhere. The film has a lot of good choices and it has failed over all accounts. I said it was intended for the B status of the film and try and get it done by trying to combine the horror with the horror, it may be very good or bad. For example, later Freddie films (after Dream Warriors) are great about Freddie's style and nose-thrilling, which makes great work! But the film was thoroughly bombed in this case because they were just stupid at times when they tried to inject humor. I agree with the humor at the beginning of the film. In fact, for half an hour I liked this film and was prepared to congratulate me for finding another good. But the fact that this film was killing was the wrong murders. For example, 'Satan' strips the cat on the table and 'B' uses its body as a brush. Or 'Satan' when slam door into helpless disabled elderly woman. Now I'm not against innocent murders in movies- hey, that point, right? But in those two instances, I found it to be very offensive and unnecessary for anything in the film story. For me, the film landed down from then on. One of the main things about this film is that I hate each character. Kid, Doug is just as ridiculous annoying! I'm at a loss to explain how he would write off all those companies and people who killed a trick before his eyes! I mean, come !!! I understand that I should be in a totally horrific film, as if you run out of the threshold for help in the role, the character must be somewhat stupid, but this kid took the biscuit! I want to kill him in the end! It's totally unbelievable and I say to him 'duh!' Once again I'm going to bang my head on a wall because of what this film looks like. Why did not I stop the movie? Because honestly one ending because sometimes a film believes in redemption. But I'm wrong in this case. The ending does not redeem this movie, it is more boring to hell from me and the plot line is not fit. I already get it! The killer never wore anyone else, the stupid kid was invited to the house and no one could suspect that case again and again! I understand! This film has made me physically angry because it's stupid! And some foul wrong by looking at the intestines, if you end up watching this movie. Apparently, if that person actually has the intestines that look like that, I'd be surprised he's not dead already, let someones rips let them out and share them with a chair. <br /> In fact, I will go to tell you that the only role I like in this film is actually a killer. Completely because of his 'comedy routine', it has worked. For everything, this film's plot line can drop down anything that may be down better. Why was killer killed? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he is actually, but it's a little different - hell I do not know hell, I'm having a baby bad boy with him! -It's more than just stupid, stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid. Actually, I have commented on this film because I have registered with IMDB more specifically. Save your money, save your knowledge. Stay away from it!
