The primary premise of "Miami Golme" is the most deserving role for the top, since then, more than 50 films have been featured! I know the top 50 does not sound very impressive, but I've seen a lot of really lucky movies on the lunatic plot. Alberto de Martino, Italy's most prestigious and creative and untitled filmmaker, is co-written and co-written because I have made it from improved. De Martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters, many Italian directors at the time, but added a lot to make him more complex, confusing and overwhelming. All de Martino movies are not valuable, but some of them are "A Special Magnum for Tony Site", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The concept of "Miami Golme" is the concept of many science fiction and adventure flicks (such as "Aliens", "Storman", "Third Kind's Close Encounters", "ET"). The only synthesizer theme song to be the only thing that is really stolen from another movie is almost equivalent to Harold Falermayer's Axelf from "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the film is fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero-film gymmaks entertaining haggops. It certainly does not always (actually not, really is not) but I reject a hypothetical and versatile image to keep my mate in "Miami Golme" and I have fascinated since the beginning. <br /> <br /> The plot is very difficult to summarize briefly but I'll try anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports a German scientist, who discovered the alien DNA in the perceived asteroid and cloned it. The DNA cell is an evil alien force, which has previously eradicated another stellar star, and it will undoubtedly destroy all humanity, as it rises large enough in size. If it was not already difficult enough, the wealthy Mr. Anderson ordered a steady steal of a bad gallbladder because he could control it and use it to gain world dominance. With the help of some good aliens in underground disguise, Craig Milford has a difficult job of protecting the planet from a nasty embryo. Okay, I know this sounds strange and silly, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a light-head and easy digestive image. The first half of the film can be seen as overly serious and confusing because Alberto de Martino tries to keep the plot secret by plastosterus red herring. Exaggerating spectacular performances about the lost continent of Atlantis, the helpless behaviors for real reasons are supporting characters and at a certain time. It's all misleading padding material, however, the set-up is more or less clear "Miami Golem" bloody maniacs, lush chase scenes (in Florida Ever Glades!) A simple early 80's popcorn action movie, <br /> /> Now, "Miami Golem" is meant to raise the impression that the Italian looting is a lost and unseen gem I really do not like. No mistake, this beautiful bad image! These events will only change if you agree with the stupidity and mutual understanding of the plot and if you do not succeed it is better than the non-stop spitfire of negative items. Acting performances are painful and awful. In particular, the B-film veteran John Ireland, like the Antichrist James Bond villain character, does not show interest in the script. You are from his illusions and he gives his lines that he thinks his entire lines are recorded and just sign the currency. Lara Trottter is probably the least sexy female loyal-object, and the person who drew tightly chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same way, because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the picture. It should have no trouble for Ms. Trotter. Nevertheless, she is completely ungrateful nudent scenes for her, because she is very hot from her neck. And finally, David Warbek has an unforgettable scene with a simple gun that takes a helicopter from a moving school bus! He can do this with John Rambo, I do not think he is a Befekk Vietnamese veteran and Warbeck's role is a regular TV-reporter.
