Craig Milford, who works for James Keller Public Telecommunications Center, has an interview with the German professor of Floridian University, who created an unknown creature based on certain types of meteorites. But man named Anderson, trying to control the entire planet with the creature, and his man professor and his assistants kill and exploit the creature. Craig and his new female mentor, Joanna Fitzgerald, are trying to find the creature that can communicate with the alien friend of the creature, but not the human, but the alien spaceship ... The film is with some great vowels and crew. For example, actress The David Warbeck, the Nineteenth City, actress Laura Trowter, creator of special visual effects, is in the Martino phone of man with Sergio Stivalati and director (and story-writer), Alberto de ICY EYES and The Killer of Dario Argentino's artwork. And these talented people make this film a very bad movie titled The Miami Golme The confusing mixed picture of the closure of the third link with the Extra-Terrestrial. And this is not only the confusion-but-even-dramatic image value of something; Psychological engineering with psychological research. As a result, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error; Genetic engineering and psychological research are not always suitable. (Surprisingly enough, about this amazingly childish combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the prominent character, Craig, himself had a good description of the short-lived mood, Joanna, but, after all, the whole story is not good and no better explanation.) Additionally , The film is more ridiculous; Its troubled music. What is the composer who is credited as Robert Marry, which is fantastically inspired by Beverly-Hills-COP-tasting music. I'm telling you that Italy's theme of this Beverly Hills COP is particularly bad music, but it's clearly clear that this film has a fitness for this movie. Who thinks the COP of the hills that are similar to drug engineering and / or psychological research?
