Mende (Derek Phillips), while Eddie is involved in an accident, is less likely to be in a car and runs in a car when he learns that he has agreed in medical school to continue his family tradition to become a father like Richard (Dennis O'Neil) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey) . His uncle, Eddie, convinces his brother Richard with his brother Richard, who does not want to save Eddy with the serial developed, the recipient himself or any illness or illness. Richard agrees that Desperate for his boy to live but has no unwanted side effects like Turning Eddie into a brain eating zombie which is not a good thing to process <br /> <br /> Executive Steve Franke wrote & directed, I am absolutely frank to say and serum is awful , Serum is not one of those budget horror movies, it is the number of other numbers There will be a lot of fun, and a little more than you lagabadadam olpoyela pliers. The script is terrible, it's feel with mad scientists holding huge syringes trying to eradicate the entire re-animator (1985) but it's unrealistic boring, Eddie came home after spending some time away with nothing but a really dull soap opera in the first forty minutes, The pad argues with his stage-mom to discover his ex-girlfriend, his companion Faced with the hard hours to get drunk and generally boring the audience. So, the first forty minutes of the saddle will take you another twenty minutes, and then Edy will be animated and he will kill some people, to meet him & shoot him. Thanks to God. A good picture, the character's suck, the dialogue is very low, it's very serious, it's frustrating, it's slow, it's memorable, it's a horror movie, a rare lack of blood, gore or horror. Not recommended, do I mention serum boring? <br /> <br /> Director Frank does not do anything about this issue, although there is no style here. Gore levels have a couple of scenes which no one has survived, a bit splashed blood, a bite neck, a couple of spots on the face of a dead woman, a needle pierces the skin & it is. Do not expect a re-animator in the Gore section, because if you are disappointed, I'm really right. The film, which looks like a house, a restaurant and a lab, is not portrayed in any way and is cheaper throughout. There are some scenes of nudity but there is not enough space to save it. Technically this film is not very bad, I do not really comment on the use of the right cameras. Special effects are because of the commonly spoken serum rational professional. Must be read clearly shot in Texas, or literally shot in Texas? <br /> <br /> Serum is a horror movie, it is dull, slow, disgusting, no gore and feels like a terrible soap. The first forty minutes opera. I can not understand why they see why they want to see them again because they can be seen again in the back-animator or its sequels, and I strongly recommend giving me a serum miss. I saved you from your life's 90-minute waste and you can thank me later.
