Green Street, which is called in the UK, or hooligans bad image. <br /> <br /> Anyone who lives in England will soon find the first thing about football or the football is filled with fabulous stories and campus. <br /> <br /> My first major stomach poor with hooligans is the cast of two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I loved Elijah Wood and had great respect for his work, but he worked hard to remove this role despite his best efforts. The main inspiration for his role is the system and angry anger, although he spends most of the uninterrupted and cheery of an aggressive movie on his jumping on a brief scene at the end of the film. He is linked to his form and body structure, and he is totally unreliable to the gang of football hooligans. At any time in the film I will fight against such aggression and b) the 'company' to accept such a person as their point. <br /> <br /> The main character is played by Charlie Hunam. Part of Charlie appears, and a thug is very convincing. Unfortunately, he was stalking the worst East London tone since being born to Newcastle upon Tyne in the north of England, Dick Van Dyke Marie Pattins, who was trying to go to cock-n-ya. Details like this probably do not bother an American audience that is less connected to regional dialects in the UK, but being out of the UK is a problem I can not ignore and it has contributed to the destruction of the film for me. The cast support offered all convincing shows and well cast, particularly the character of Bower. The lady who played the role of Charlie's main character is very good enough. With this film, you have to convince the audience that your roles are acceptable and, unfortunately, casting failed. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and make Sean Hays (Jack) in the role of Michael Corleone from Will and Grace. You are not convinced. The story in Hulligan also frowned. I'm not a football hooligan, but I'm a fictional football fan. I know how relevant it is to the 'regular' football supporters, I think it is impossible for a non-football family, even if it is not a football club fan, but not out of question. In some extreme cases, the English nationality is adopted by the 'company' equivalent to the secret organization. My final and biggest, problem with this movie, is the way it plays the role of football hooligans. Despite the very violent people, I thought that the Hooligans lived by their moral code in their own world and that they should be worshiped for courage and mutual trust. It's completely worse. Football hooligans complete chaos. They use football, the England national sport as a necessity to intimidate, scare and frighten people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but they give the whole game a bad reputation for the people of this country. They are not brave or loyal, they are shy and evil. If the 'GSE' in this film really loves their club, West Ham, why should they make their lives a stain on its name. Hooligan's football and the English community are in trouble. Football Hooligans are made for Hitler's football reputation for the fame of the Germans. This film seeks / wants to show the violence to the 'gritty' of football. It promotes some kind of fun activity for the fanatics of the sport. It does not show standing by the poor innocent in a football match that has destroyed some of their day some idiot throwing coins / lights / glasses. It does not show innocent house and property owners who have to give graffiti and broken windows. It does not show REAL fans of football clubs who are unhappy and impatient when their supporters are prohibited from moving to European games or abroad because the thugs will destroy everyone. If you want to see a good movie about football violence, see the BBC Drama 'Firm.
