Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has already become a beautiful hit in 1978. A few years later it's another Robin Cook bestseller to get big screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" almost everything goes wrong. This is a terrible adventure film with wooden shows, stupid dialogue, incredible characters and lead pacing. The worst of the Egyptian backdrop than this story is the only reason to avoid a 1-out-10 rating. <br /> <br /> Pretty Egyptian psychologist Erica Baron (Leslie Anne-Down) is on a working holiday, with Franklin J. Shafter ("Patton" and "Planet of the Apes") in Cairo's antiques dealer Abd-Hamdi (John Gielgood) Handy stuck to Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge, and as a result, she is confident that she is kept in her shop And the rare sculpture of Feroar Seti I. The existence of this statue has created a lot of enthusiasm in Erica because it can provide key evidence for the establishment of Seti I long-lost tomb, a great gift like the Tutankhamn's tomb in 1922. Before saying Handy Eric he was worse He was murdered in his shop, Erica met her gruesome ending   కున్నప్పుడు నిశ్శబ్ద తీవ్రంగా చూస్తూ ఉంటాడు. ఎరిగిన ఇంకా ఆమె చూసిన దానికి భయపడి, ఎరికా నిధిని వెల్లడించడానికి ప్రయత్నించింది. ఆమె అనేక ఇతర పార్టీల ద్వారా తన అన్వేషణలో ఆమెకు సహాయపడింది మరియు ఆమెను నిరాకరించింది, వీరిలో ఎవరూ నిజంగా నమ్మదగినవారు. Yvon is for one (Maurice Ronet), a guy who is seemingly a friend but perhaps a man with bad obscure intentions? Akkad Khazjan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian princess, has an attraction for Erika, but she can hide dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The big problems with "Sphinx" are generally denied for reasonable reasoning. Is not a female Egyptist down less convincing? One assumes she is well educated and resourceful, yet she spent a whole picture of helplessly throwing some basti bimbo from a teen slasher movie. In rare instances where she does not actually come from a villain, she makes other senseless things in the tomb of 4000 years of taking polaroid flash photos! The plot turns a heavy hand to say the least, primarily with predictable revelations and double-crosses. Pacing is too slow and does not even try to enjoy the movie in a dumb and entertaining action challenge. Separate the long stretches of tedium that can detect any small action. The famous review of the film: "Sphinx sticks!" The 2-hour movie is similar to the previous 2 words.
