The film does not have anything to do with Sphinx, and the title is just coming. The story is related to the true and hidden tomb of the 19th Dynasty, the second pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty, the reigning King Seedi 1 of the New Kingdom. It was not a bad yarn, and a place for a great deal of film was shot. The scenes were also shot in the studio even at the Winter Palace Hotel Lobby in Luxor. The second unit stuff is endless, and they should let loose in Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good as a good Egyptian. He should put it down. The film was essentially a major part of Leslie Anne Down, one of the world's most embarrassing actresses. She sees the whole picture she sees, and her blue eyes reflect the light in the right angle, and then make all the drops of her dose. By starting life as a model at the age of ten? She reflects the most rebellious thing about women's pride and dimmer inefficiency. In order to ensure that the film was directed by Franklin Shafter, he got Oscar for 'Paton!' The film of this horror actress moves through a moment of heartfelt moments and keeps a man intact, bedroom eyes screaming or bedroom eyes, with a kind of narrow hurricane, fun. She is considered a young Egyptian. But she was never before Egypt! She takes a taxi to Giza and holds the first glimpse of the pyramids and adds them to ecstasy: 'But they're so big!' Barf! OK, so that's the script, but she's very natural, it takes immediate feedback, giving me the impression that I am a minute is no doubt her natural element. The elements of the story sound. There is a serious problem about the black market in ancient mythology. True! Well done! The Robin Cook novel I have not seen may be right for everything I know. It was fun to see Cyril Stern as the sound recorder in the film, I knew him a long time ago. Stanley Kubrick's stage-daughter Catherine is described as 'draftswoman'. I wonder what does that mean? Perhaps she did some set work. However, antiques in the cinema are really good. And we can see many Cairo museums and many picturesque places. They really go to Tangkhan Khan's tomb! I do not imagine that I will allow this film today. Inappropriate scenes take place in most mosques. This day does not come well, but in 1981 such things are not on the agenda. Music for the film is entirely worse than Leslie Anne Down! But there are surprisingly authentic sound track elements, Cairo's traffic noise can be caffeone, which is certainly applied in the background and Cairo Chakley knows well. Also, loud speaker calls the entire time of prayer, another touch of authenticity. Why not get this right? It may be good.
