I agree with the majority of the comments I wrote. I grew up watching Sesame Street before people who wrote comments were born before a lot of people were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when I was introduced to Seismame Street Television. This program taught me about my numbers (the count), spelling (the muppet) and life. I loved the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie monster) and did not understand why they changed. I mean that everything should change the way, but the cookie is meant to promote healthy eating into a "veggie monster" to make Monster. It introduces new characters and monsters from the beginning, why the special "veggie monster" does not make negotiations / discussions about the benefits of eating a variety of foods with Cookie Monster. But, my point of return. I saw at the beginning of Sesame Street, now my 20-year-old daughter grew up watching me with the SS along with me, and although her death was dying, she died before she was born, as well as things on the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and remember how much they played this role as in real life. I'm sure all the deaths and losses impact hit families very hard cast. In this program you saw it and allowed parents and children to discuss the most difficult moments. The program talked about traditional families, domestic families, and mixed families. It is actually one of the few shows that discusses these scenarios. I can not really see the daughter of a 5-year-old now. I tried to see the show twice, but it did not really use it. Elmo 1/2 hr with Mr. Noodle is totally ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It's geared for less than 18 months old (maybe), and is not even funny. I prayed in seeing SS as an infant, adolescence with teen and my own child. Now in my second round, I was really looking hard SS. Things discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, neighbors new, relate to children and adults in a manner of understanding and relating to 2-99 years old. Now, there are no teachings about the minimum counting, the occasional mention of the alphabet. It's not the same SS from the original's showcase of the show. If any producers have read these comments from the show, give the presentation its foundation. New feelings are never problematic with SS, which have a better way to include them into the program.
