If you want to portray a Latin country of any other Latin country as a terrible mix, "Celeste Territoriality" is a good example: 1. Peru does not show police or soldiers in its most violent times. It showed the country as El Salvador in the Civil War. Since I was in Lima, Peruvian (the capital of Peru), it is very fun to see police guards here and here everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru, and you want to be a taxi driver (or need), you can post a sticker on the "taxi" in the front of your car and drive freely on the Peruvian streets, but their rates are very expensive). Do not need yellow or black / white squared band on your car doors. Well, the taxis are with the band in the movie, you can never see in Peru. 3. Peruvian people can not wear a Caribbean style. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he was 40 hits, like "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), white hat, and Clarke Gabe. A Peruvian man is not like that, please! Peru is not Caribbean! 4. A scene appears on a street with a long line of skirts, such as typical folk costumes in Latin America. Go out of any place in Peru, unless you see a dance, you will never see a woman dressed like that. I can not deny that hector Elizondo is not a great actor but he is not a Latin actor (his father is from his father and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish master. It is not sensational Spanish his first language. There are dozens of good Latin actors who have performed as Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) is also a bad choice for "Latin Police Officer". It's funny to see Elizondo and Petronius at General Rodriguez's office. In Spanish, they made their best effort to speak Spanish as two English or American students. Of course, succeed. Castulo Guerra is good in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, also known by Cardinal Sebastian, also spoke very funny Spanish. Agusto Alvarez-Calderon and Christian Mirre (many of the many Peruvian actors) are the best Peruvian actors. 6. I agree that a fictional film can also allow licensing of cities or countries. However, please be careful when using a foreign language: When a foreign language is used, be sure to call the town "Vicente" and not "Wait". Vicente is a male name, and VICEe has never been used. 7. I agree with a user that I have shot this movie in parts of Peru. This Peruvian is not a site, this product is used in additional posters showing "Inca Cola", Peruvian Soda. Although some American films are not, any Latin country should be used for this country. After all, for American producers or directors, one Latin is the equivalent of any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) visits Peru, he will come to the only international airport in Peru: George Chavez Airport (Capital of Lima). Actually, I believe it should be any airport in the world, but Peruvian airport. And, of course, there are no military or police forces in Peruvian airports. 9. When taking this room at this Peruvian hotel, it has a fan and is certainly not a air conditioner. Please do not do it in Peru (and in other Latin countries) hotel, if you do not get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels who fight against the government ... ¡Columbians! Their voice is from Colombia, no doubt. For producing them, producers appointed Peruvian actors. <br /> <br /> In short, filming is in Peru. <br /> <br /> I went with more examples of the film, which led me to give me a "1" (awful) vote, but I was sleeping early 20 minutes later. But beloved Producers: It's not a tragedy: there are a lot of bad movies with little mistakes. Just let's remember the "Indiana Jones and Crystal Skull Realm" and the "new groove" of indiscient Disney's "Emperor." The list of bad movies may be endless ...
