This book provides a cut-off version of the book, which I can say more by checking some research and research facts, which is largely a work of imagination. In fact, there are no old scrolls and the writer has strongly emphasized that he did not accept any of the books in ancient Aramaic in Peru that he never had eyes. These "valuable" texts are written by anonymity, and in the Church and in the local government the evil "haters of the truth" have been destroyed. Every year the New Age comes out of all kinds of worst - hundreds of books and dozens of movies - and Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me that it is probably bending to hell to destroy the movement, which is rather strange as I do, Doody the whole mound. I am not a fan of the church, remember your mind, but ancient scriptures based on their faith are real. <br /> <br /> A typical model of scam artists and religious prostitutes was brought back to heaven after translating and translating the ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed in the case of "evil" men or Joseph Smith. Hence, no original lessons were found in museums such as Smithsonian or checked by experts in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a sense, I admire anyone to come up with a great idea and millions of people, but I can not do it because I do not want to mislead people with new hokku. <br /> Occasionally, the original antiquated text was missing and lost years. Judas's Gospel, a gnostic text, discovered and studied carbon dating and attention of the text, experts felt the authentic. <br /> Judas's Gospel is mentioned in 300. Since then the Church documents have stated that any prisoner's reputation is authentic, or God or anything else. - Based on nothing but fiction and lies, and constructed on the foundation of a philosophy lying on the ground, as the castle built on the sand collapses - we end up turning to something - we are optimistic in Celestine prophecy. The blade runner's tough, ugly, overwhelming population, the horrific world is more about how the horizon is, than some utopian hippie commune with love and peace! I tell them the truth, they hate me, but tell them what they say, pure pipple and even millions of people. Astronomical prophecy wants to hear the world. The castle built on the sand is very bad. Do not make me wrong. I wish God, Celestine Vision Reality, it is not. The modern ideas of spiritual evolution go through the biological evolution of thoughts in the insights of the ancient philosophy at any time. These new Azi ideas do not exist in the ancient world and Darwinist Evolution has not existed until it is very popular. Ie the ideas in Celestine prophecies are not older than the C.E than the 1800s, and do not go to the early B.C.E period or Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim by New Aces is not uncommon. The Vicans claim their magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" goes back to the stone, in fact there is no book of shadows before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s, and Alister's girlfriend <br /> <br /> New Age gurus lie and their ideas Based on what the priests preached earlier today Many elderly people say they can throw their noses. What do they do, why do they do such a fraud? Simpler: Millions of dollars are made, and the modern guru gets power over his or her followers. They are strongly competing against the claims of love for all things and have strong hatred for their competition. Every new age group oppresses others. It is fighting for your minds and your wallets. <br /> <br /> Learn a thing from me, it's actually equal to one of the insights, learn to follow your own instincts and learn from guidance from inside. I sincerely agree.
