Disney has now made it straight-to-video for most of their many animated features. Two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these films are not the first sequels, because they are both in the events of the first film. The first film of these two consecutive videos is "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be uninteresting to some fans of its theatrical ancestors, but I feel that I can usually imagine a continuation. However, the second, "Belle's Magical World", is definitely less. <br /> <br /> The film is in the castle of Belle and consists of three short stories, this place is under the spell of the wizard. The first is "The Perfect Word", a misunderstanding in the table between Belle and the Beast that leads to trouble and is not the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifth's Folly", where Fifth and Lumiere's fifth anniversary is coming, and Lumière is not made up, so Belle will help him. However, Limei sees Fifty practicing love with Belle and feels they are in love. The film ends with "Broken Wing". In this story, Belle sees a bird with a broken wing, but the bird is probably in trouble if the beast finds that he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot I gave Disney's third "Beauty and the Beast" is for the original VHS version. Apparently, the DVD version has another story called "Mrs. Potts Party", but I saw only the original version. Nevertheless, I doubt that a story is classic on the rest because I do not see any point in seeing the special edition. However, the first thing I will say about "Belle's Magical World" is that it's obviously a lot of disappointing compared to what the animation is using as 2-dimensional from Disney. I do not like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but you can not tell exactly about its animation. I have stories of "Belle's Magical World" enjoying many children (many young people, I think), and each story is a moral one, so they teach valuable lessons. However, the film does not really have much for the elderly. The continuing dispute between Belle and Beast is very tiring, and stories do not impress me anyhow (they did not get very good) I personally did not find good humor. In "The Perfect Word", as told to Belle Beast, "You're acting rude ... and crazy!" A bit cheesy, and I think there are quite a few other cheesy moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> When I first came out of the video video, I was eleven or twelve years old. At that time, I lost interest in Disney, and I thought I was not getting enough of that interest. Although the film was the first release, I was just slightly ahead of my age. I've never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until two months ago, but I have never heard of it recently, but I have not heard of it yet, after watching Disney's 1991 hit first sequel. Well, just like the theatrical reality, if I ever knew about the existence of this film, I missed a lot. For younger kids, I'm definitely quite entertaining "Belle's Magical World", and its ethics is probably somewhat academic, but I do not recommend adult Disney fans.
