Spoiler Warning: This review contains some small spoilers. <br /> <br /> Disney Channel currently has a mechanism for loading movies and showing in a month on cable channel. Most of them are mediocre and brown, but some are still in despair (`Phantom of Megapix,` Stepanster from Planet Weird, '' Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century '). Every time in a great time, they really do great (`Genius, 'The Other Me'). But once the Disney Channel makes a big mistake, and gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000) 'The Ultimate Christmas Present' in The Disney Channel, I thought it was terrible due to poor writing and worse acting. Because the plot was with toys, apparently, `Brainiacs.com 'was rushed out a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday. They paid for a feature in the TV Guide, so I thought it was better than the norm. I'm for a full shock. <br /> <br /> Disney's 'Model Behavior' is worse than that. <br /> <br /> This story is far from normal. I usually say that slide, but here it goes a long way. Matthew Tyler is very ill for his widow's father spent most of his work. His father has a small toy factory, which is at a disadvantage bank to keep big loans lighter. Time and time again, his father has to skip over plans that his son and daughter do with. When Matthew becomes the owner of the only way his time with his father, he decides to be home. He comes up with a hair-brain idea to create a website where children around the world can find a dollar to invest in a computer chip invented by his sister. That whole feeling is full of fantasies. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew open up his own bank account and buys stock of his father's business. He is the secret master, but he does not reveal it to his father, but in the board meetings he displays himself as a cartoon image by computer. The film is also too complex (and ridiculous) that it can not be created at home, and it is the least person who stupid as Matthew. In order to make a long story, Matthew ordered his father to spend more time for his father, but the Federal Agent inquired about Matthew, because it was fraudulent. <br /> <br /> Here's a lot wrong. As mentioned, it is impossible for the real strands of what they do here are not these children. Web site, cartoon image, computer chip, schools are also the most advanced in the children. Kevin Kilner, particularly by acting through the cast, is terrible. Some familiar faces will be wasted. Dome DeLuise plays bad bank owner, but his episode is a throwaway. He has a good view of Alexandra Paul (he has the ability to perform), in which he recounts his intentions, but nothing more. And ruined in a small role as Rich Little Judge. There is also some risky and uncalled anti-Russian jokes. But the biggest atrocities are tough. These themes appear in many of Disney Channel's movies, but these ultra-traditional messages are so strongly weakened. The idea of ​​a typical "functioning parent" is really difficult, and when it's inappropriately distributed in the 'Ultimate Christmas Prize', it again mentions my emotional state. Family relationships are very important, but Disney should stop this endless teaching because it is important to maintain a working family. I do not think it was dangerous when my grandmother told me that I do not want to see him, unless the work was canceled, thanks to the bad work. It is also bad to teach all parents to marry if they want their children to grow up. Entering Alexander Paul, whose role, though the plot is important, the father is only interested in love. This conviction only proves that Disney brain trust does not have brains to avoid scrapping the Disney script barrel from the bottom. Instead of letting your kids teach your kids how to fraud this movie, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It's better than that. Zanthara Score: 10 to 1.
