The exact number. A wonderful NO. <br /> <br /> I have recommended a friend to many of the "most of that kind", information, change, change, change, tension, and all other positive spiritual things that happened to me when I suddenly saw the Truth. Now it is preceded by any poo-flowers that deal with metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries. I believe, I am not such a person. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I found interesting and informative is the bit about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. This is the only "unified" element I find in the documentary section of the film. The documentary is rarely seen on many other documentaries, not simultaneously and does not have coverage. And what are the fact that Native Americans can not see the ships of Columbus? What did the "officers" say in the film in 1492? Where are they also? They are more compared to the scientific work performed with visual knowledge (for example, the popular gorilla video, visit Visual Cognition Lab at Illinois University University) may be a better point. <br /> <br /> It is not a film, it is two pictures. I talk about talking about people talking about what they are talking about (a little bit at the start, angry that their credentials are not presented at the bottom of the screen!) But I found the movie "story" with Mattlin was annoying, confusing, intrusive, non-relevant and clear stupid. That bit of the Polish wedding with that dance is not at all a bit funny. It's ridiculous, funnier, sophomoric and stupid. And I found the attack of the word "polek". It's just a place and it looks wrong. Because such a use is OK because a member of the group is a member of the group because the group's member uses a mutual term to represent a group? It's OK to make a point, but it does not seem to be used here. And in any case, I do not care what the reason is, it hurt me, a poll. I can not call myself or my ethnic background as "polack". I'm not sure when doing others. Can I see or hear a big conversation that I used this term? You bet! But it does not seem to be here again. It's not just a place. <br /> Acting is very rare. Elaine Hendrix's performance is totally unreliable. Sometimes it looks like she read her lines that she had just given her. For many, Marley Matlin seems to be sleeping through this whole thing. Perhaps she was baffled by the subject. I know. If she filmed a frustrated anxiety-threatening mock content, it just did not click. But so far, Hendrix is ​​the worst in the world! In all, I found this was a confusing, poorly clothed piece.
