The makers of the film seem to have a problem in deciding what their message really is. Consequently, they have more difficulties. They began with the poorly detailed principles of quantum physics regarding sub-atomic particles. After creating a fuzzy picture of Heisenberg's uncertain principle, they presented each spoken head to one of the heads, who are each company organizing the same quantum rules in the cosmos. Then there was a lot of discussions about Stephan Cove and Tony Robbins' ideas about their career: see positive thoughts, bad shape, always on the bright side. Then how can our brains change our bodies? Product proteins: We produce more or less hormones. If you're sad, you will create sad proteins. If you're happy, you will create happy proteins. It's easy, is not it? With our texts we follow Amanda's fictional life, a photographer who hates the anti-depression and hips his thighs. Image makers are trying to tell us slowly but surely, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why not she excites me? It's obvious because it's a big place in the world of crime and poverty and religion, and that is why it is. The end of the film (mainly the whole second part) brought the contrary band. We are not all living creatures but a collective consciousness, but we are people who change the world, but there are many of us because we have different dimensions, but who are we? We have a benefit for the good, but there is nothing more than us, no, but right and wrong, there is no reward or punishment, so it is not good that religion has come from, but we still have to meditate, Even though we all meditate, we can make everyone's life better Pp, and then the crime will stop, and if we say good things, our water will be frozen in beautiful shapes. Still with me? Good because good. Robert L. In his book "Voodoo Science", the entire meditation experiment meditated by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a source of intelligence, the numbers were achieved and the murder rate was before or before the year. Do you keep your positive attitude to youth and health? <br /> It is a message given by an elder who watches a woman aged and overweight. I am very fortunate to see the film in the film which has one question of Betsy Chassis (yes, three) in the film. I do not know these people are speaking, because I came to the first conclusion. Her husband, chiropractor, had to answer many questions to the audience and answered the answer. The debate I became a politically motivated, and everyone, including Shri Chas, went to speculation about how amazing the world could be if President Bush could only see this film.
