Oh, here we have a bad piece. Your mind will be surprised and it will go away on other subjects so that it can damage your brain. D.W. The worst and racist kind of role stereotypes referred to the Griffith Chinese character as 'yellow man' in broken blossoms; So imaginative and un-engaging are the characters that are plods along with a slow, stupid and pointless speed as well as difficulty looking to see if you question many people who they say to this film. <br /> <br /> Przys's Honor is a complete post-modern catastrophe every single image possible. An outrageous and innocent disaster directed by John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson and all the others filling in fields such as dumb stereotypes or supporting characters that are now crying on a phone or a major character is bogged down. Przysz's Honor is a film falling from the neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and total crime style. It is coupled with its director and cast, which is enough to run through a sort of story; Some scenes are good scenes; What's the sort of intelligence in the form of a screenplay or something? <br /> <br /> I would like to give you a few examples of how the horror is in the film. First, the movie feels love story and it's about an hour of it: my time. Charlie Purana (Nicholson) is a murderer who kills people for a family he works in New York and yet he resembles his role as a cuckoo Nest flame than an international hitman. He falls in love with another killer Irene Walker (Turner) and they beat it but it's not okay because there is no need for a plot. I read the story of the film: "A professional hitman and hit woman fall in love, they are all set to kill one another." Well, yes it's true but in the end almost twenty minutes it does not get that realistic revelation! Nicholson plays Partana with 60 IQ: he walks around; To make a cautious observation and speak out loud about the things he sees; Does he negotiate as he is drunk or more serious issue from within and we are never worse he's never get a murderer's feeling ?? <br /> <br /> "Who is un-loving and un-realistic, we move the script. A half is always just a movie dead zone of what life has just suggested as traces of poor traditions: slouches around the person asking the same things on the punta phone or again and again: "Do I Marry Her? Do i love her? What is love What will I do? "And this is a lot of recurrence, it can work as a good joke, and he has played the pair with whom he always appears on the phone: a girl named Meros Przyszie (Heston), who plays the daughter of director John, telling her father that the plot is of no benefit to her and Laughing for the scene that he loved it What did it look like? Is it funny to me? Do I want to laugh? The movie is a wedding with a touch of naires, police men and murderers as a picture of a smart mafia, a wedding with a touch of nair and its opening sequence (Godfather ALA) and evolutionary scenes <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a kidnap plot;  డి, ప్రేమ మరియు ప్రేమ వ్యవహరించే ఉంది ?? బహుశా చిత్రం కిక్-ప్రారంభం అవుతుంది. నేను చాలా తప్పు: ఎక్కువ అక్షరాలు నిరంతరం ఒక ఏకరీతి విధంగా చాలా నెమ్మదిగా మరియు చాలా ఉద్దేశపూర్వకంగా మాట్లాడటం తో, మేము తన కార్యాలయం రావడం వ్యక్తే పాల్గొన్న ఒక అపహరించి దృశ్యాన్ని కలిగి: ఈ సన్నివేశం చిత్రం సమకూరుస్తారు. Everything will be planned briefly and then run it in a huge hand and dumb way that makes it look cheesy. We do not seem to come to some dramatic music; Maybe they should get security to get elevators; Perhaps they have to be careful to hide in their chosen places and the randon comes out of the elevator and the gunfire happens? The scene was not correctly modified. Some suspense, some drama: "Do I shoot or do not I?"; Can you have some slow motion in the role before it is too late? Anyway how it actually executes it. Przysz's Honor continues to remain monotonous and richer in the cinematography of the film near its climax. This is an image that reflects cameras on windows; The lights reflect on the sleeves of the cars and reflect the blink when walking 'dead' chauffures. Prozig's Honor is a mixed and worse picture that will try to get any movie-goer patients and say I'm a comedy because I do not laugh at it ?? AT another thing. The film is repeated, colorless in its focus and range for realism - here is the Honor.
