After seeing Midnight Offering, I still wanted to make the first good film about the witches (youth). I tell you so many people and I'm not charmed. The only thing I have ever experienced (about teenage witches) is the Little Winds (1996), and it's not even good. But the changes I was expecting the crazy about the witches and cheesy early 80's of witches in high school, if you liked all the above mentioned films, you also will enjoy midnight submissions. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> But I was surprised that this whole film plays it rather serious. Acting is good and intense at all times. No jokes will be played by young people or something. And the musical score, at first, I thought it was pretty good. It added some scariness and even something 'classy', with the violin violin and all use. But when the film progressed, I concluded that score was very prestigious. They do not add to that violent violin when you see someone just to drive a car back and then drive away at normal speed. /> <br /> Then Melissa Sue Anderson, the main reason for me to see is this movie out there. A few weeks ago, I saw slasher-movie that made her the midnight offerings (and sometimes in some cases goofy), with her happy HAPPY BIRTHDAY enjoying me rather than myself. And I should say, she's very good like Vivian with her ice-cold bad witch. But the main problem with the film: almost nothing has happened! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but it is. Then Robin is a good witch, she learns about her powers. And we are using two of their powers more than once to make them flip through the air as two projectiles and make some pieces of other things, but in one case they expect to use their powers. Would it be a struggle between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I was at least hoping to see the spectacular show-down between the witches at the end of the film at least some special effects, the eyes or whatever was hopping ... but nothing happened. Eventually there was some sort of confrontation, but it was a big disappointment. <br /> <br> So, acting on two witches is good. The musical score is good (though overly prestigious). And cinematography is sometimes dark and moody. But it has not done a good film yet, how does it work?
