A group of hunters spoil a wolf, killing it, sinking it out and running Dr. Atwill (the director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a specialty private clinic in the Cardinal Transplants. Acid chemist Rich Stevens (Marc Sawyer), was attacked by his acid during the acid lab explosion, his eyes were destroyed, and the unfortunate recipient of the wolf's eyebrows. It takes a little time to reach the first full moon, so we get the first love story of Rich and his compassionate, big-breasted nurse Sondra Guard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she even opens her wardrobe off strips and starts riding on the bed even if she's likely to remove her straps! A month later in the hospital, Rich Rich returned to Rich Rio (Deborah Huber), saying "she looks pretty ugly" before she gets upset in Kia. Our hero learns that Rita is not only a bitch, but an immoral skank who has been carrying an affair with his friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon grows and Rich finds himself in a hairy trouble as he transforms into a (very silly looking) wolf creature. <br /> <br /> After splitting the craig's voice on a beach, Rich wakes up in the next morning, worn and vague memories of the events that occurred in the evening. He isfriended with dwarf psychologist / witch expert Andros (Kurt Levy) and was condemned by local author Sydemac (Jason Clarke) and Lesbian-Police-Detective-Pant-Suite Justin Evers (Tarique Markle). When Dr. Atwill faces a rich, the doctor sends his painful bald Hanmonna Cus (Eric Mestrassat), who smash him with a machete in the clinic. With help from Sondra, Rich tries to escape. Sondra will take him back and he rape her on the bed, which takes five minutes for too much sex scene. Will Rich can control his lycoprot or prevent it before he can argue for more victims? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In this house, the cheapest flame with a camcorder is a somewhat unique campus in the angle of swallowing, but after the clutch there are trots in the cliché. Sets Sub-sexuality level - Clinic scenes will be filmed at home or in the apartment. Wolf transformation scenes also do not see the timing of the time period in the 1940s to end photography. Instead, they use ragged editing. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw on some more. Cut. More fur ... and his mouth full of white throat he can spit out. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! No fade, no abolition, nothing. It's very sloppy. Once completely changed, wolves wear (designed by Jeff Leroy, edited and filmed) is pretty awful. It is a red, shining Christmas bulb eyes, blob carpet and a completely furry plastic face. Can you see the cameraman's fingers before the camera lens, and the moon really need to stay five nights in a row? While casting is concerned, they are enthusiastic but enduring. And as far as B is concerned horror flicks, there are worse. This is a good way, only 70 minutes and no more in the scenes of the attacks, and from Mr.Betton delivered the above mentioned T & A. <br /> <br /> David S is the first ever sterling (cap bled) of the wave of digital video while dominating a low-budget / independent horror-style scene in the mid-90s. Most horrible productions have been released by Brain Damage Films, a label to avoid as much as plague. FX guy Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-director in IMDB, but not original credits of the film) and Winnie Bilinción (appearing in the minor role as hunter) is very fun and polished in a female prince in WREEWOLF 2006, featuring a similar-looking creature (Red glowing eyes and all).
