Edwin Porter's 1903 short film "The Great Train Robbery" breaks into the screen, making it the beginning of another beginner guide with a bit of enthusiasm and ingenuity to break the film. Like "A Trip to the Moon" by Melins, critics have praised it as a portrait of Western style as a modern film. In my view, they were right. Does it have everything from looming last scene that will make you understand the planning, the true exploitation of the train, the unwanted civilian murder, and the meaning of this villain business? It's all memorial to its time. From here to Eastwood, each Western filmmaker uses the image of Porter in some versions or to create their own story. I can not say that the door is open, but the story also comes from the story. Porter defined this style, but outside of its initial enthusiasm ?? There is nothing to really get there. Maybe I'm jaded by Cliché Modern Westerns and their haphazard messages, but is it something cliché before the cliché? <br /> <br /> Besides Meliss, Porter tells a very simple story. The thieves steal it to change a train course, then shoot out random people to prove real villains, and the final scene ends like no predetermined image, without any surprises or glitches, and the looming man with the gun face proverb. It's cool. Porter's image is boring. In the edition I saw, there was a color combination near the end to emphasize the emotions, and it was cheaper and did not encourage the filmmaker or the viewer. Although it is important, Porter's film has borrowed time and time again, which has become diligent. The hero does not have an emotional stage once. Besides Melies opening film, I can not see this again. I know what happened, I know that I've seen a lot from the back of the screen, and finally what's that? This is a simple story that has led from one point to point B to point B. This issue is not my stomach pain, but also a strong element to see in an early film. When it's dull, is it a strong story? Our characters are unusual to see the characters with motives and drives. In the era of non-fiction films in the mainstream, it broke the mold. Again, I'm not jumping over the future relationship about this movie ?? Is this an important film ?? It's not a great movie. <br /> <br /> In total, I am happy to jump into the picture to see where the origins of the Western genre are planted, but I am. Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson clearly went into the field created very successful, but I was not in the awe of the film. I did not expect big budget effects like Melies, I do not expect a duplicate of "Moon Trip to the Moon", but I would like to see the same creativity, search and realism. I thought Porter would make it safe if he told me the first film, but I can not enjoy the excitement that our villains did their bad deeds. I did not distinguish anyone, the final decision was proven to have worn Kitsch-Ness a few minutes after the film was started. It's not guided, but monumental. <br /> <br /> "The Great Train Robbery" lost the space in the capsule during the movie. <br /> Grade: ** *****
