<br /> The documentary (including the director and producer) are persons of Serbs or Serbian, so there is no reason to take this document seriously. The standards of neutrality fail. For example, they referred to the role of immigrant Croats (known as "Ustage") in the Yugoslavia collapse, but they did not specify that they were equal to Serbian companies (Cetniks)! You are not well acquainted with the history of the Balkan WW2: The Serbian so-called "discipline" that was documented in the documentary such as helping British parrots in this documentary. That's true only the truth. They were also a fascist (monarch) group who worked with the Germans, but later came to the side when Hitler lost the battle. This is the citnick leader who killed thousands of people in the Mihajlovic documentary and is responsible for burning hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they are mentioned in a specific Ante Pavelic ... HM ... be a little suspicious to me <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the interviewers do not know me completely. And I have studied this battle for a long time (who is the old British lady! She really did not do her homework!) And they do not even give me by name, so they are more or less they have taken off the street. <br /> <br /> They are talking about Kosovo and how the Serb lived for the ages, so it belongs to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when suddenly mentioned as part of Serbian domination of Croatia (Kazakhstan), Serbs portrayed the right to know how long their residence was. Fine, but people do not know what is the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has a great historical significance for the Croatian people. It is one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zwonemir), so the city has historic value for Croatia. Serbs arrived some 800 years or earlier! But, according to the Serbs documentary, it must have the Krizina and Kosovo. Is that fair? It looks like double standards of morality from the director. Plus, it is a lie because it is the first laws implemented due to the fact that Croatia has a large Serbian minority, which is said in the documentary that the Constitution has no laws about minority rights. </ P> <p> <br /> The film is a revolutionary Croatian paramilitary leader known as Glaswas. Or Muslim radical orik. They claim that they are responsible for the negative development of war. Yes, they are radicals, but why do not you also mention the radical paramilitary leaders of Serbia such as Cecil and Arcon? There are a lot of bugs, just as I presented some of them, just to get an overview of people's documentary. The documentary did not do well and did not find it hard to criticize Serbia, because their Serbian relatives were afraid of slapping them or something. There are not many good quality documentaries, but the best of all so far is the "5th anniversary of the death of Yugoslavia" interviewed by all prominent partners in the war (eg: Milosovic, Joevich, Bulatovic, Tudmann, Ejetbegovic, Karadik Yugoslavia and the collapse of the battles. <br /> Another thing is that I am in a war with Bosnia and Herzegovina I have seen a comment about why this disappointing documentary about why she supported Heli, and all the countries involved in the conflict had nationalist presidents and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old breed identity (formerly known as "Muslim Kraits"), The only thing that exists is by connecting them  : వారి మతం. వారు ముజాహిదిన్ నుండి సహాయం తీసుకున్నారు ఎందుకంటే ఎవరూ వారికి మద్దతు ఇవ్వలేరు. వారు ఐరోపాలో 4: వ అతిపెద్ద సైన్యంతో పోరాడవలసి వచ్చింది! వారు పొందగలిగిన సహాయాన్ని వారు కోరారు. యుద్ధ సమయంలో ఒక ప్రజలను ఏకం చేయడానికి జాతీయవాదం ఉత్తమ మార్గం. History has shown us.
