It is cruel that I live in the Wyoming Westfield field in the 1900s, in fact it is still still cruel but memorable enough to turn it into a seemingly "film made for TV"? Also, the rights of women in this woman have grown up at this time, so to find a freelance woman to start a fresh start in this harsh landscape and show the reality of the time? Does it make for better viewing? Honestly, I do not know. I have thought about the film for the past two days and can not seem to be a terrific film to say, but I can honestly say that I'm not so great. From several HopaPage styles of acting, two unbalanced actors who do not have an emotion character, and until the late 1970's, the most gorgeous PG rating sequences, it is difficult to fully understand in Hartland. Is that good? Is it bad? You can decide for yourself and decide for yourself, but until then, there are moments I have experienced and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> The film continues to struggle in my mind because there are some interesting scenes. Even if the director did not know what he was doing, I did not know what direction he had led, but somehow it worked better. I think the whole story is very interesting, historical story. I did not know much about living in Wyoming in the early 1900s, so this picture captured the picture in my mind. This polaroid-esquire view, which has lost many cold winter ideas, miles away miles, and corporate America. It refreshes (even televised) to be a breathtaking test to experience it. There are scenes that really stand out in my mind as the livestock branding scene, pig killing scene, and commonman's moms who do not survive their journey have really brought the true feel of reality to the story. <br /> <br /> Director Richard Pierce has done great work in keeping the viewers vigilant, but he brought good players to follow this idea. <br /> <br /> When I am constantly appreciating the scene of the film, I am struggling with the troublesome actors and read their lines from the set cards. Rip Torn did not appear in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who is a liaison with the solitary confinement Ferrell's Eleanor Randall. There are two actors who have no chemistry. The sights that they shared together are emotionally meaningless and honest. Because these two "experienced" actors played this role, I was stitched in pregnancy scenes. The brave Elnar would have to do what she could to kill her, but Clyde was approved when she was doing. Love it? Would it be love I do not know, I saw a strong connection with strong characters, but with Torn and Ferrell, both actors thought they had played the role. Sleezen horse "doors" on the door for food or shelter, continuously declining for the daughter of Clyde Elnare and growing compassion (I do not believe), other scenes that seemed to struggle in my mind, the absence of a real winter fight, and the whole earth scene. Why the Clyde builds his home when it comes to explaining the landline, especially the earth's scene, why she's doing, and when they marry Elnar! These simplest events are made for a strong movie if they take time to explore. <br /> <br /> In total, I will go to the middle of the road with this feature. The deep exploration of the relationship between these two strangers Elenor's Ultimate Homesteading goals was essential, but they faced some beautiful scenes of our country. The Panorama scenes have become overwhelming skyscrapers over a period of 100 years, from vast mountains. There are some amazing scenes of reality (pretending to be livestock and pigs), and I thought if we needed more. An important factor that depicts the depth in this film is covered by a marginal acting and shrinking story. Pierce might have Dowev into this indelible world, but instead left open loopholes and cliché Western characters. Although Ferrell carried her, Torn received a thoroughly false campaign. Good for viewing, but I did not take it again. <br /> Grade: ** *****
