Joseph L. Manikwick's sleeve does not need remake. A well-built movie that stands today. However, the modern remake machine is now completely waving; I was surprised to update the movie to a modern audience. The plot is similar to the original image and a young man has a story of Tille in you, the older man, Andrew Wackey, and the teenager has an affair to discuss the divorce. From there, played a game of cat and mouse. Director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add another touch to the film, and he changed the home game from the original game's original game from a mutually changed technology location to the replacement of security equipment layers. I am happy that the director chose this change because no one originally wanted to see the original copy-copy remake; Plus the position is well used and the fact is always nice to see. Unfortunately, however, there are positive aspects of Sleuth 2007. <br /> <br /> The original film was only shadow for eight minutes, which lasted for two hours. Naturally, therefore, this version is less about it; And unfortunately it is suffering roles. The plot has also been moved and we have been quick to get the first turn in the story and give anyone the opportunity to understand how and how these events can be understood. The film does not construct the relationship between the characters or theirs, and it is enough to make sure their relationship is clear. One major thing that has changed about the old character is his obsession; When the twists turn out, the turns are very important when coming up. Here he has some kind of security fesh, it's not really anything. Kenneth Branagh's management of the film allows for a classy score but the class ends there. The original is thriving, but this film is for many, and the most unreasonable, soft on the occasions, the whole thing is cheap. The last twist in the story confirms that the film is really degenerating in the original. After real two hours, I understood and liked the two characters in the film - eight minutes later, I hate them. I have some respect for Brahan for not just rolling the carbon copy of the original image; But this is not a great follow up of the great Anthony Shafer game.
