Wow, this movie story is on that place! There are so many plots and so many things happen that it practically spin my head !! As a result, no one is particularly reliable. <br /> <br /> The film starts with Ke Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She has some experience with the local theater and has the aspirations to Broadway. When the actor arrives in town for a long time, she hopes that she will increase her career. But her husband is worried about Shenanigans - the actor is a cod. So, hubby bursts in them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted of the first degree Murder !!! Not a manslaughter, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and needing funds, Kay goes to New York. But Broadway jobs were not found, so she was forced to take a job - even the barracks. She was unable to work hard enough for her younger daughter, and she raised another woman. However, in the end she finds a job in real Broadway play and everything looks rosy. However, the jealous diva starred in the play hates her due to her disagreement and forced her to throw her drama. She is disappointed and she goes to England and becomes a real star. A few years later, she returns to New York to get her baby - but the baby is big and she looks to her as a real woman. At the same time, her husband's attorney now thinks he can get $ 10,000 from the prison. Another critic wrote, "Is it bribing people?" How can you get $ 10,000 if not - maybe it will buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison yard and scrap him up !! Wow - It fits 2 or 3 movies! And, this is all done by the 45 minute mark !!! Believe it or not, it's just a bit more. <br /> <br /> It is like 'Kitchen Sink Writing' - practically throwing everything out and hoping to do it somehow. Unfortunately, this film is undoubtedly unbelievable and soft despite Mrs. Francis's best efforts. It's no sort of movie could really save the 2nd grade plot thanks. If someone took just a few dozen plot elements, they threw them into a box and then started picking them to make a film randomly! Overall, you can skip easily, even if you're not a die-hard Ke Francis fan or Hollywood in the 1930s. <br /> <br /> When the New York (Cybill Jason) returns, the boy who plays the role of Francis's daughter was really scared. I think she is ... I think.
