This is a French film, LOL, which focuses on young girls with a lot of young people ... Why do French so correct on this kind of thing? When the age difference is this great, it really comes off pervy! Valentin's servie is beautiful (she is strongly similar to the '68's Romeo and Juliet's Olivia Hussey of Séfirello), but she sees Tussy for 15 years and her painting teacher ... Posters describe the historic record of true artism (which is exceptionally elaborated in this context), the art of the artist And this period was also one of the earliest known female artists of the 17th century). "All great artists are men" - she pretty much blows her emphasis on bits - and because her rape trial is too sharp because her story speaks to us in modern times. She was clearly attacked and brought into insulting sexual relations (the only way to get rid of your murderer in those days is the way to remove the social shame), but Tussie is a senior rapist and his wife and children. The film makes a terrible accident by changing the truly fascinating and remarkable real-life story - without the need for "bronzes" and too "uncontrollable" - in some weird Frencified way, it is enough to draw the "hot" female sexual organs and be her grandfather Having a warm love affair with a person. It's "sexy" - the truth is boring and quite feminist / politically correct. <br /> <br /> It is the fact that it may be only part of Artemia's life, the fact that she has been dated for decades (the famous painting of Judith's headphones is not before the rape, but later), the first woman to agree to the prestigious Florentine academy, stuff. Moreover, this is not about the middle-aged woman and "hot" as young people. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of creative license in a movie (or book) about the real historical role. You have to create a dialog, have subplots, create a dramatic structure. Sure you can sacrifice some details - if dates go on for a few years, or Artemia is a blonde actress (when she learns from a black artist ... she is black and she is a bigger one, not a thin daddy), or something like that. But her story revolves around her, and rape in a romance is really sick and upset. This is worse because the director is male. <br /> <br /> You know her (and I know little about a real female artist and a little bit of clothing and hot sex for a while), you probably have "Dangerous Medicine" with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. As well as heavily rewritten history, bosoms and jewelry separate the goblets stacked: Bon appet!
