In Ian Rand, Biglove is in Lauren Mauro Mago in her film in American Humbers, which is stuck in Iraq, to ​​eliminate road bombs directed by the brutal, merciless, and child killing Arab terrorists. As Biglove has demonstrated Iraq's war as a great platform for human drama, a veteran bomb expert flies away and performs another place in Iraq and dirty dust, hot, ugly stones, and the new hero was born. <br /> <br /> The new person John Hershey explained in his book that the next film, The War Lover, is not actually suitable for civilian life, and the inspiration for war is exciting and suppressing his wrong sexual desires. A warrior lover can work in battle completely and peacefully sees him. Hershey is punished by war lover (who plays in Steve McQueen, one of his great characters) at the Biggie. The army requires war lovers, they are the protection of our enemies against the defense. We can not handle the truth, it's the best soldiers and tough men of warlords. According to Unironic Bigelow, ordinary men are pussies, a special breed of war lover, late cowboys. So if he wanted to bring back his men, or would he like an Iraqi boy? He is the throwback to the sex-and-death cult of war. In the war, sex is not grateful, unloving, dont-gove, is not the type of male bond. Bigga does not have any opinion on this; She restricts the choice of males in this ham-calling attempt at reality. War-lover can only win the moral struggle between right and wrong, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Behind the sophisticated facade of Biglove Journalism, she is disguised as racism and arrogance. <br /> <br /> In political leadership, Biggie reaches back to the Western generation and its relentless clips, and is yet another gung-hoo Yahoo. : The wonderful world of open border, it is the country of another country. ("You can shoot people here" said one soldier); In addition to a rigid, human black man, the march of death, the irritant, perhaps the silly commanding officer, the college-educated fool attempts to drive the enemy. <br /> <br /> The love of a male boy appears with a beautiful Arab boyfriend dating warrior, but it plays directly in Bigga; She does not have sexual intercourse, just purifies it. What Biglove really wants to show us is the ugly, sneering face of the Arabian enemy. Any Iraqi, not pure, evil, is neither contradictory nor good. They all deserve to die for their chaos, and many of them make this gobb gore-fest movie. Iraqi women are crazy to everyone, knowing they only throw their existence. They know that if all the male stunt men are, you will not see their faces. <br /> <br /> Women's mortality rates in Iraq can certainly be condemned. <br /> <br /> BIGLAW goes through one of every move. She glorifies the war, formulating her saddest nut-case hero. Cowboys surrounding the inhuman Indian Indians prove their ability by suppressing the work of God and suppressing helpless holistic violence and suppressing those who are confident in self-confidence. In the end, I thought I was rooting for Indians. In the world of Biglow, however, no mercy or understanding ever makes. Iraqis are rational best. Killing civilians in the mental sexual fight of our hero is just a dramatic background. Every US bullet finds its mark. You will love the person, war lover. This is his way, he is a real hero. He is just one person trying to complete the hard way things, so if he hopes for the boy Tang on hand.
