Okay, it's hard to keep a man's life in a picture. Traditionally, biopics focuses on one or two important parts of the subject of the subject. Now, Byron is a "my week beats your year" fellow, which also makes it difficult to pick the representative parts. In addition, Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, to see the whole of man's life. <br /> Now, my review comes down to this: Demon, Byron is actually a man who lived so strongly that he did more in his 15 or more active years than to do more than the whole life of Prototype, "My week beats your year". True, he is the victim of setbacks and the time and social arrangement he lived - but in the end, this guy is not expecting the prototype we all want to lead? Well, I do not have to live life at any moment, depicted in this film. <br /> <br /> "Well, to make things easier, one Byron Bio must have two different sections: 1. First Europe trip: England and fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad Now the most important thing is that the second part must be the first to be the first one, not long enough, but the most important change in the Byron. <br /> Instead, in the film) Byron's life is not even remotely entertaining, (b) after he left England, Good job was done: first, he started his European trip back (a little on the original tour ), The latter, they chose the angle and they are the Augusta (who is the absolute cast), and the problem with the last thing is that they do not always allow, Byrne has been strongly added to Augusta in his rest of the lives, but especially when he is a mood swing , The fact that he reflects his characters, at other times he's done Life is not as experienced. <br /> <br /> However, the first part of the TV movie should leave England with him. There is no doubt about it. Once again, the life of the eruption began (with the infamous Geneva period), but Byron also finds Contessa Teresa Gaikichiuli (already, with Shelley's request, Teresa, Pisa) to his poetry (Italian comic inspiration), in Venice. In other words, he was also liberated. His mind and life began to fall in the gravitational pull of the Victorian era (and only in depressed sense), England closed further. True, Augusta is not cheap, but this bitter sweet freak is sour taste in this film. <br /> <br /> Daddy, Hell, Byron never thought of his poetry, except when he finally found his voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic advances, his relationship with Shelley (and below-break) has to be more documented. Also, in Italy, he is associated with politics and revolutionary ideas. This is very important, because it shows that the romantic and ultimate escape language of the child and the personality of Child Harold will turn out to be realistic and mild in the more realistic life of Dan Juan's language and person. One of life and work. True, still a bit naive, but it's what Greece has got him! And the whole thing came in full circle in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary soul sparked further. Misssslongi suddenly was not bored looking for some actions. It moves him in Italy (Gambas). When it is settled in the clay of the other modern cause and conservatism in Europe, it is a symbol of some old-fashioned combat enthusiasm. But it is not, there is a real motivation behind it. Meanwhile, Byron Don Juan wrote a huge amount. True, his end is a bit sad, but he's not like what he's wearing. The essence of Byron's life: He may have some strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but every time he really restored himself. <br /> <br /> Why is often the neglect of the second period in Byron's life? As man finally comes to him, it is clear In view of our frustration in the years of frustrated England, we showed that at the time that Bibran deserved was not better than the English elite, and if he had no choice, he would like   ూర్వకంగా * 1816 లో పారిపోయి, ఆధునిక మరియు స్వతంత్రమైన ప్రపంచాన్ని కనుగొన్నందుకు, అతడికి మొదటి శృంగార ప్రవృత్తులు కలిగిన భాషా కవిని తయారుచేసే వాయిస్ని కనుగొని, ఒక స్వీయ-నిమగ్నమయిన స్నాబ్ నుండి ఒక కారణంతో కదిలిస్తుంది.
