I once wanted to see a version of Beowulf, where screenwriters seem to have at least one passing intro in the original song. And yet, after seeing this science fiction presentation, I was disappointed. <br /> I do not mean that I need to understand and analyze the poem in English, but they try to read the translation in modern English and try to build on the story. It actually changes. The story is exciting enough; Why not add missing and cutting plot elements? What's wrong with being confident in text? <br /> <br /> Gendell is immune to what kind of weapons. Introducing some unbelievable super-crossbows and perhaps not in existence at this time (as shown by the previous reviewer correctly)? Beowulf versus Greendel with Grendel. That's it. No one was involved in the war. The only way that Beowulf defeated him was to choose a monster without any weapons, a mistake made by all previous challengers. Furthermore, in this version, dance and geese are struggling with the beast and Beowulf hacks Grendel with a knife! Again, what really happened? Personally, I think it would be even more exciting to have a top grapple match between the two. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is unbelievable and mysterious depiction of the true story. Why do you add a sacrifice to the mother of Hrithurger and Grendel? Why create additional characters like Finn, which does not add anything to the story? There is no love story in poem. They could not even set scenes in appropriate places (a cave instead of a swamp and no caves under the lake). Do they fail to notice the metaphor representing the Grendel's teacher? It is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not the epic poem instead of the center on the markers internally? Last year, my high school students were able to do well when they created a small film based on Beowulf, because they focused on the themes and symbols of the story. Hollywood is concentrating on these topics and creating a loyal film for the plot is a really great movie.
