Where to Start? Anachronism? Is a hype tech cross bowl in around 500AD? Explosion in 500AD Exploded Arrows? A monster granddell looks like a robotop and does not fire any weapons on him? Will the heart be crushed from the victim's chest without any sense? Maybe her make-up and hair-styled beauty at a recent fashion show is probably gorgeous? The ancient Danish court represented in traditional Greek style? Marina Scartis's queen was more madly in her makeup artist's disappearance? The effects are very weak when taking up this story. There are some stories that do not mind or benefit from inexpensive effects, but this is not one of them. <br /> What about the characters that jump in their stance without inspiration? Monster Grendel is already more than once armed with his home, a brave idiot prince who is depressed over Beowulf, who helps him get out of the territory of Gets. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is a very old-fashioned story with almost any literary tradition, both in its play, and its play is very unclear. I suspect any modern word that does not make a brilliant effort to penetrate the confusion is a failure. I did not love the recent "Beowulf and Grendel" who looked at Grendel as human, and I saw Hroðgar and his Danes very proud and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks, but I brought the nightmare of the holtragger's Danes to its revisionist position, so Beowulf's original story Misunderstood, it is all the same A group of match hugs never caught up even after arriving. There's more complicated meaning, but this "Grendel" is a terrifying secret that Grendel's attacks involve an earlier human sacrifice is not really close to us with the humiliation experienced by Hrothgar and Danes. <br /> <br /> The Beowulf is less likely to recommend a traditional myth or modern fantasy. I give it to 4: It is much more than it deserves, but it is always hopeful to attract someone to a poor work until it's undoubtedly the story. Meanwhile, the filmmaking of science-fi follows the NASA policy, and it is better to build a lot of probes that can fail as successful.
