This "brilliant" film is actually a Japanese film. When I think the original film is good, American-International Films will cut the film into pieces and add American-made units to foo audiences. Now that your audience is not made with whole idiots, it's clear that it's done - will be done with little skill or attention to the final product. Bottom line You obviously have a lot of Japanese scenes and then apparently the American scenes will look very different from the movie. Plus, the American scenes are really two different groups of people in meetings that really mean and just talk about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! Particularly, film veterans Brian Donnelly and Albert Decker - have acted simply by being in this wretched film because it is no fire force, even though it is a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster. <br /> <br /> Now it's not a standard godzilla-like creature for the monster. A giant fangled turtle is delighted to withdraw his head and limbs and start spinning through the air as a missile. On the other hand, crappy model airplanes, destructible balsa buildings and power plant, in this film, and come in surprise. Plus an odd Japanese monster film cliché has clearly added that the Japanese audience would annoy members, and that is "the adorable and untimely little boy who loves the monster and believes in him". Yes it is true. In the Godzla Versus Magentor and many other films, you are not the next persona of Godzilla, the gamma is not a good guy and finally the kid is just idiot! These thin, extraordinarily poor special effects are good by seven years of age, bad acting, meaningless American clips and occasionally terrible voice dubbing. Most people hate this movie (and Stupid Kid), a small and very vocal minority that loves these pictures and compared to Bergmann and Kurosawa. <br /> <br /> FYI - Because of its spectacular theatrical performance, there are several films in the 60's Gamara and some recent incarnations. Not all of these changes have been told that he is really drowsy as the turtle or movies he does not fire.
