Currently with the iconic Godzilla series increasingly popular, like any hit movie event, there is a group of simulators that inevitably try to succeed on a bigger lizard. Godzilla is a growing population in the style of Gaia (giant monster). Many wanted after success; Some have received it. One of the few who earned a few profits, but the popular Gémara, a jet propulsion way, is a big turtle sparking fire and fire out of sockets in his capes. But apart from Godzilla, Gamara was sold as a friend to all the children, then fought with other giants, to protect the children in danger, and thus popular among the filmmakers. Unfortunately, the original Geepe series has no appeal to the audience. The new series of new Gamera films directed by Shusuke Kaneko is not unique, including the original, revolutionary monster movies, original. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie titled in Japan, "Giant Monster Gamera" is obviously a Godzilla desirable. Although the film was produced in the era of colored films, it was filmed in black and white films. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla from the 1950s. Gamara will also attack Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film. I do not know much about the Japanese version, I've come to know about the reforms released in the US, cutting new scenes with American actors and inserting new footage (it's coincidentally that it's the same thing with the first Godzilla film) I can not say whether it adds or removes the movie. But the "invincible gammera" is really not a sharp plods along the bigger turtle. <br /> <br /> "Invincible Gammera" is a very routine-based movie. From the stacks of science fiction standards, the characters are not broken up, the civilization is a fake to attack, the acting is ridiculous and so on. The film is only a matter of difference from the Godzilla series, but it is also a disaster from the plan to end the gear's ultimate fraud and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film and other entries are also fit for that explanation, but this is an indefatigable stringed monster movie. <br /> <br /> In the original series, Gaethe was not an attractive screen presence in the 1990s when Shucca Kenkyo made an interesting monster with his song. He is not horrific or sympathetic. He only waddles around like a toddler, hanging on each step and knocks the miniature squares. As always, everyone wants to destroy Gabrira, except for a little boy (Yoshio Uchida, who feels Gaibe is a good turtle, is profitable for him, even though he plays a 'central' role). <br /> <br /> The targets contrary to the criticism of "Gamerama the Invincible" and the additional stress on the subject. Even in many other Godzilla-imitators, this gamma movie is not a good entry. And as my film experience goes, the rest of the movies are boring or worse. Like Godzilla, the gamer is shot in color and goes to fight monsters. Like Godzilla, he is cheaper and cheerful with every movie, until it is time to restore the series and make him feel bad again. <br /> That's okay. I usually recommend people to stick to the original and pass in reconstructions. But in the case of Paape, my judgment is just the opposite. I encourage people to see the 1990s trio trio of Shoeskek Keneku and encourage people to skip the original series unless it's interesting. New films are innovative, well-made, exciting, fun for all. The long series of boredom in the original series.
