Director of Michael Hoffmman's play, fog and sleep begins about the final months in the last station, Leo Tolstoy's last months. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) is the property of his wife, his wife, and his followers to the "movement", the property collected in the forest camp where the Pacific, vegetarianism, sexual orientation and communalism are located away. His wife, Sofia (Helen Mirren) has publicly fought over the head of his movement, President Cortcrow (Paul Giyatty), who is trying to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights to the Russian people in order to sign his people's rights. All of this is Tolstoy's new housewife, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a man who is innocent and his wife falls between his love and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel, Huffman's scriptor J Pierre, often cluttering in a chaotic landscape, builds a complex complex with threads and opaque motivations, and ultimately does not solve any satisfactory method. The film's grand grandma, and its story is to be resembled Tolstoy, whose beliefs are some of the ways in both the Bolsheviks and Gandy. It is unfortunately not, it's un-unpickable, constantly building off with a lot of pleasure rallying that nothing is coming off into nothing. A three-way relationship, for example, is often referred to between the church, the faithful Sofia and the infamous Tolstoy. At the end of the film, a breathtaking priest also appears in a magnificent cap, but the script never gets into a story like inserting it in the story or offering some comparison of historical accuracy. <br /> <br /> There are details in the film, but most of them do not have enough attention and the result is that the film is cluttered and overweight, powerful but unfortunately not nonsense. <br /> <br /> The story of the love between Sophia and Tolstoy at its heart, and the story is the reason for it to be interrupted and portrayed as trapped. Mirren and Plummer are the best of the film. Plummer's Tolstoy was once confusing and confusing, surprising and full of joy and accuracy. Mirren's Sophia is looking at the righteous knuckle and forced her husband to spend time, his possession and his money to undoubtedly dedicate themselves to their dedicated agendas. They have given a vast gulf between great performances, the true significance of the position of the couple in history and the ability of the script to support both Sophia and Tolstoy, both Mirren and Plummer are singled out, the best thing is that they are the best. Both Jiamaty and McAvoy were unable to make talented actors and Giyämti's Chertrok is a revolutionary or thief (but not simultaneously), a historical culprit that has been canceled for a whole cache of unsolved concerns. The scope of this subject is never down to anyone, it is chasing Plummer and Mirren, and without much else. It's interesting and beautiful, but not the last one. 4.5 / 10
