I see some of the show occasionally when my wife sometimes watches. I help a poor family to try to enjoy it for an ordinary family, but many reasons get me in the way. Several episodes each episode follows the same pattern as the script (which is) and the queues in the queue. The attempt to change the viewer with a mixture of emotional failures and sad music is real to me. Everyone who donates something to the house, it's also annoying to have the plug-in for those who are Sears or whoever is generous. Probably the biggest problem for me is that a small amount of large amounts of money and laborers will be built to create the best of the family at home. Now I know this money is a drop in the bucket for the whole Disney / ABC but how much more can they do for the amount that they put on a house? Why not focus on a family and all of them get to cry during the episode 10 why not 10 families and show highlights? Is the average person difficult to live? Why should I help to experience a bleak feel, and why is it really inspiring without fraud? I know what is good for these families, but they are also used for ratings. They can not tell me crying sometimes they do not train. When I leave these people home, I do not think the most hardworking children in the US can not buy their children. I can not help what I can do with a small piece of Disney's money. Instead of giving a flat screen TV or personal shower to each member of the family, water temperature and shoots leave the roof, why food, clothing, education and medical insurance should not help more people? I know we can have fun and good cries. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I do not think anyone can truly conceive the amount of money she has. She recently made the reality show good things, but when she gave each loser "competitor" $ 30,000 I was sitting here thinking ... there was a year's salary for many people ... although they were lucky. Do not start me with game demos. So I learn that the Extreme Makeover home edition is "good", but if you find more self-service than me self-forgive me. Do you think there's something like that?
