This film is not about football. It's about Jesus / God! This is the same type of Sammymonian religion that has come from the Idiots to fight for Jesus, or the iron that he iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was fully bound and liked touch sports, and perfectly set full of dumb hours. DUHHH! The film is to be titled "Jesus Hiking", the only purpose is to tell the general public that the real purpose of the film is to convert people to Christianity and that their brains will be completed by those who are already fully cleaned. In the blood of the lamb. This title is clear from the Bible when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent sports film "Invincible" has inspired 100 times more than this, and Jesus is not even a factor. <br /> <br /> A widespread appeal to an inspirational sports movie has finally ended between frightening Bible edges and sacred religious propaganda. If you accept Jesus as your personal Savior, it is an opinion that the only way you can achieve a victory is a good profit. But it was not true, so it was believed that it was true and believed to everybody believe. The victorious player gives thanks in mind when he attains Jesus' victories. What will he do when he loses? Did he curse Jesus? Not at all! He is not responsible when Jesus is lost. Jesus is the only responsibility when winning. And the logic goes round and round and round, and every time it should be true believer, it ends up correctly !! I got a break when I got a brand new truck with a coach that came with a coach, and when I laughed at my donkey, I went to the ground and stopped my breath. The physical one is not Jesus' teaching. I find it strange that they can forget or ignore this message from the "Savior" just as I call it "Christians", especially when I'm standing on huge gas gazling SVV. <br /> <br /> The film suggests another message that he was most likely asked about the record of an average high school football team's victory over millions of hungry children in the world. It is unbelievable and reckless Kicker hype as an unbelievably incredible wonder that the Yard Field goal puts the final gag with a spongy red flag in a fake and final turn. I only gave three stars so that the person who played the black coach could actually act.
