Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Light". It was set in Hawaii, an action / adventure crime play, landscaped boats and palm trees, and polyester fabric and gary shirt ... It also featured character role actor "Zulu" in the supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thimeses is regarded as a predecessor of the privacy agent and the supporting cast is very small (and less interesting), but mainly the atmosphere is still the same. The problem, "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM production) already exists and lasted for a few years. This is enough to satisfy market demand for Hawaiian-based criminal dramas. Code Name: Diamond Head is intended to be HNA intended as the old series eventually faded away ... but it appears to be a copy of the 2nd copy. It does not suck, but it is completely derivative and nothing is real. <br /> <br /> There is some good acting talent involved here. Thins is an old pro, and he gives the character his best shot, and he's not bad. But Thieves is good as his subject and his director. Ian McShane is an evil spy owner named "Tree", and MacShann is the most interesting actor in any scene he plays but he plays his role here. Francis Ngyuen is reasonably exotic looking, but she is not the things that make astounding skinniness, translucent features, thick accent and wood delivery dreams. Perhaps the biggest mistake in the series is dependence on her to give Thinas' romantic interest. At least for a series intended for a white audience with our love gods Mara Brady and Peggy Lee. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with a dialog / voice coach and she can cut it off. Zulu, his typical self-enjoyable, bit parts, but he is not a person who has a character. <br /> In addition, plot and dialogues are certainly not separated from Quinn Martine production. And this time, the American TV audience saw a lot of whoooole of QM Productions .... I was one of the "CN: DH", and it sank without a trace. This is not really the fault of the actors, and I hope they are going to get away from them a good cash check and their other entry. <br /> <br /> MST3000 is their renewal for their treatment in their sixth season, and they have a good nature. Worth seeking in that version if you enjoy the movie Mist and MST approach to the Lampoon, but I can not imagine caring someone about this pilot for any other reason.
