"Metamorphosis" is a small bit of cult-worth, as George Eastman wrote and directed. This Italian momentum is more or less personality of the male sleaze and in the late 70s / 80s, each of the most shy Joe D'Amato productions. Not interesting for avid euro-cult buyers who have the only film to direct the guy who walks around the bare-butted in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought so! Now, unlike his films, Eastman's own "metamorphosis" is disappointing in Gore & Sleeve. The show included some nasty murders, cheesy monster effects and naked women's bodies (as guest-starring Slazi-Rani Laura Gemars!), But this was primarily an imaginary film. Hussein is on the verge of scientific progress with his research on human DNA signals, and suddenly he threatens to cancel his funds. He developed a theory to decode the genes and prevent the human aging process, but if he did not come up with detailed reports at any time, his research would be discontinued. So Dr. Houseman does any intellectual scientist and distributes serum that is not tested into his own veins. No need to say (and as the title suggests), he is slowly becoming a monster that is very aggressive in the ages! In other words, his research sucks! Like other reviewers already mentioned, the film has "borrowed" many ideas from David Cronborg's "Fly"? There are dramatic romantic sub-plots - but no originality has been added from its own. The big difference is that you're connected with the role of Jeff Gold Blum in "Fly", but Dr. Houseman becomes another monster to be as fast as possible. The rapid aging-syndrome perspective reminds me of the "phantom of death" in the guilty offenders of Ruggero Diodeo, the only major character in the film who inherited the disease and did not produce it himself. The physical deterioration of the carriers is the same in both films. Here are some fears or excitement that appear, instead of having loads of bad acting on the film, poor lighting, lousy editing and boots completely retarded climax. Feel free to skip this.
