If you have a bad day, or bad week. If you're looking for a movie that laughs and forgets about your problems. <br /> <br /> The films surrounding Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Sean William Scott) are concentrated on two juice promoters who go to schools that promote production, and get rid of children's drugs, and more juice. But Danny has always had the worst week, and with his wheel in the seat next to him, his company collapses the car. Former girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, will soon be in charge of preventing her from jail, using the services of Gayle (the elder brother who is known as the strongest wings led by Jane Lynch). Wheeler Rooney (Bobb J Thompson) is 10 years old, and he has a foul note like Chris Rock. Danny hires Eagai (McLavins, Christopher Mintz-Plassy), who likes to dress like a horse, and he fights like medieval times. <br /> <br /> If I'm not around the bush, the film is not unpleasant in many ways. The role of Ronnie, who heard the bad words from the little boy, was astonishing. If he's a little old, it's not too mater'd. What do I think when his parents signed him in this regard? The character of Elizabeth Banks was very unwanted, perhaps I felt bad for her role, but I can not imagine a woman who is joking in these films because I did not think anything. And Jane Lynch is the worst worst. She has been performing the functional performance from time to time. The role of a former drug addict, she is still on drug trafficking. She'd want to throw up my head against the wall, give her all that annoying dialogue to listen to. Sean William Scott portrayed another Stifler character who played another role, trying to distinguish himself, and the film did not do it. <br /> <br /> Now let's separate others in Paul Rudd's movie, and he'll be responsible for what he's doing. To deliver a solid show, he can not get a lot of laughs, but he is a very interesting character from the rest. Rudd is not too hard because it is not overarching. Scenes with him and Mintz-Plas are viewable. But the rest of the movie is very stupid, it meets at times. But it becomes very predictable and unhealthy. These types of comedy are nothing new, none of which, they have no choice. An example of role models.
