(Only minor spoilers excluding noticeable). <br /> I recently enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinema; The classic American movie of the real Spanish film like Almodóvor and the Latin American film of the directors, such as Del Toro, is a fantastic "Devil's Backbone" set in the Civil War Spain, the best horror film of the last decade. The film is not surprising, the film is well-made, well-acted, and managed to maintain a distinctly different Spanish atmosphere. <br /> <br /> "Although the narrative is directed directly from his own narcissistic journal in the large amount of voice-over, the creepy central character is to his murder spree An unexpected early set of illness set for more than a decade, jealousy and control-freakory ("If I have none of you, it's unusual, it's probably the best In the UK, our sensational "serial killer" or "sexual harassment" is one of the reporters, but it is not clear for his next murder spree, which is totally different from inspiration and execution. In "killer" cases, a terrible question arises: what about the wife? She knows, or suspect what's going on   ? ఈ చిత్రం అడిగిన ప్రశ్న ఇది, మరియు నిజంగా భార్య మరింత రహస్య అక్షరాలు ఒకటిగా ఉద్భవించటానికి ప్రారంభమవుతుంది. కానీ నిస్సందేహంగా, ప్రశ్నకు సమాధానం చాలా స్పష్టంగా ఉంది: "లేదు, ఆమె చేయలేదు". ఈ వంటి ఒక నాటకీయ అవకాశం ఒక ప్లేట్ ప్రదర్శించబడుతుంది కూడా, చిత్రం ఇప్పటికీ అది అడుక్కునే నిర్వహిస్తుంది. Finally we're really embedded, ultimately going out, and she's innocent prepared for the money that came after the incident. Compare it with the awful moment in Ten Ringtone Place, Christie's wife "I know what you do?" "He said. <br /> <br /> "At this time, the murderer has identified himself as a criminal masterpiece And that the police will get a jail sentence before he gets released, and how does he achieve this? This article is quite relevant; deliberately abandoning some credentials to the police, but how it works or <br /> <br /> The Silence of the Lambs may be a comic bookstuff, but next to Laker's serial killers gets right. Deeply upset, deeply dysfunctional, people who do not fit deeply (here is the Lost Horror movie, or indeed the Man Bite  ్ డాగ్ సమానంగా భరించలేని దావా కిల్లర్తో దగ్గరి సంబంధానికి సంబంధించినది కాదు, అది ఒక వ్యంగ్యమని గుర్తించలేదు). <br /> <br /> ఈ చిత్రం తక్కువ సస్పెన్స్ కలిగి ఉంది, మరియు ఏ కుట్రలో ప్లాట్లు సృష్టించారో కొంచెం చమత్కారం. In general, inspired by serial killers is not to be said in specific cultural environments of Spain. It is not a poorly planned plot to show some of the felicitious violence to women. And unusually, that is what shows that violence causes more repulsion, even a specific prissy failure of nerve. The actual core character of the reality is actually more repetitive as titulitory. Only a clear shot, perfectly ended, is infinitely more shocking, and the rest is totally unnecessary, releasing more and more time for the film to get out of the movie holes in storytelling and classification. Instead we get endless shots of young women vulnerably spreadeagled in a table in their pretty but little exposed underwear. Very, very creepy. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror movies, and my partner can also tolerate even the most extreme, to the extent of worrying. But I think anyone who finds this movie better, or interesting, I also want to find the edge from afar. The purpose of the horror film is intimidating you; <br /> <br /> It really leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I want to give this movie more than one star because it's implemented, but it's morally nobody deserves and never.
