This product really did not fall to the ground. The plot is so confusing and the production is very low, and if you read the novel or see the best adaptation (found in 1995 with Amanda Route) you lose out there. <br /> <br /> I loved Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast was less likely to be would. Like Anne's elder Elizabeth, Mrs. Craft is very old. Mary uttered everything in such confusing accents that lost his character's general self-confidence and selfishness. The feeling of its selfishness and illness is very good Sophie Thompson's Mary, during which time, suggested that Anne should have annexed Louis Vuitta's wounded Louisa and Mary's items, rather than Luisa's sister's law. <br /> <br /> Rupert Perry-Jones looks good, but he is St John Rivers 1995 Jane Eyre), because the character's less intuitive depth is needed. I agree with the previous comments about the Geek scene: Anne has helped her to get rid of. Also the scene of the accident: it happens very fast and with less context, you wonder what all the fuss is about. And Ventworth moves the attention of the novel in the beginning of this production, which only contributes to the confusing nature of the script. <br /> My other problem lighting with this version. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the CSI dead - very blue. Other times the lighting is so bad that it's harder to make the scene much better, as Anne visits her old school friend, Ms. Smith (by the way, who is more or less paralyzed on the way.He ran up a minute on the street to tell her the awful character of Mr. Eliot Who does not think such a violation - I'm her mugra As one of the girls thought she might as well .. All the girls are pretty much interchangeable). And at the end of the scenes running at the end ... At a premium on ownership, it's hard to think tearing over the bath like a few-honey-hoyden with all of the hardest Anne. How dare you This is very bad. Sally Hawkins has all the good structures of Anne Elliott, but she is completely impaired by the poorly organized script and over-cut product.
