This deep, attractive, powerhouse collective films are in the cinema theaters as it is possible to get audiences and get the best film in a big event. The film is based on a very popular and well-received game. The original playwright is really a film simulator and director; It comes as a double-edge knife. On the one hand, who is better to translate the play than the original author? On the other hand, who's better to look at the mistakes and errors of the game and solve them than the original author? Doubt combines stunning acting and plenty of stress and suspense; A frustrating end, unnecessary conversation, questionable direction, and of course, the inability to provide substantial answers. There is a growing trend among these "high-skill" images without answering all the questions it provides. <br /> <br /> The Doubt Punch line is like a joke, the last 20 pages, as the reception is missing while watching the fourth quarter of the highly competitive football game, and not having 50 cents to see what has happened next. The previous Best Picture for Old Men for Old Men was disappointing, not really ending; It does not give us substantial answers or supply us adequately to determine the end. Yes, it's intent, but it's not a test of humanity, it's a cop out. I do not pay the money to see an unfinished work, I initially, in the middle, and paid the money to see the end, and during the three actions I pray I do not fall asleep. <br /> <br /> We are forced to become "authors" of this film. We have filled up what happened before and what happens to the characters we're throwing to each other. <br /> <br /> One nurse (Maril Streep) about this little drama reveals that the most beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual advances towards the children going to church; The first African American boy in the Catholic Church. The Church secretly crumbles whether or not everyone is doing the wrong sins behind the backs. The plot is thicker that children behave differently, which attracts the notice of the young teacher (Amy Adams). After the story of John F. Kennedy's murder, the nation moved for a long time and questioned their faith and one another in humanity. <br /> <br /> The strongest points of Doubt are acting in the ensemble and always engaging suspiciously dependent upon boils. Streep is seen as an Oscar-worthy in every role, where her sterner and cold-hearted behavior is scary in all students and she is no different from some of the staff members in the church. Huffman once again plays the greatest role in the priesthood, successfully succumbing to the lovely personality and friendly aesthetic. The intentionally hypocritical personality wants him to think of him at the same time, but Hoffman is one of the best actresses of our generation and pushes up to the plate and delivers greatly. When these two arguments arrive, the fireworks can be heard without ever opening up. But do not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law Order) for their excellent job either. <br /> As mentioned earlier, when the film is closed, especially the writing and directing of the film. The questions pop up, but they do not answer. The characters pop up, but do not provide real improvement towards the plot. Kids behave differently, but we never really find why. Camera work has awkward angles and why there is no real reason. John Patrick Shanley, playwright, has a previous movie in his directional talent: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether it's absolute pride or stupidity, we have a violent sequence of random dialogue, endless agonies of criticism (lastly negotiated in two minutes about coffee and thanks to Mr. Shanley) /> <br /> Bottom line: The lack of an end to the operation of the camera is simply irritating the camera work There is a stupid trend. We do not mean that we have a great talent acting cast or good cinematography, or good story, or good use of sound and music; Because a barrage still does not finish answering questions that have not been cold for more than 100 minutes. The original madmen behind the project are from the drama that the film is good and very accurate, but he has made mistakes from the play and stupid hikers. This decade has seen a stake of blockbuster and high-profile films, and if they could get a higher score from me, they decided to add just a few minutes of footage and actually end up: Sideways, Cast, No Country for Old Men <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Your Finish the Stinkin movie. Please give us a good idea to fill the vacancy (such as Wall-E's depressing backstreets) to leave space instead of rolling out credits, or leaving empty, confused, and mental anguish. A start, mid, and end please !! As a critique, my films are not entirely complete, it is not incomplete. Doubt feels unfinished, so this is an inexhaustible grade. <br /> <br /> This stupid tendency should be broken up.
