Inter Galactic Criminal Cole (Ross Hagen) is sentenced to death and is hanging on a spaceship designed for such a purpose. But this night it was a jailbreak, and Cole flew in a conveniently-placed escape pad and flew to the ground (which is clearly near). He faces a "teenage" band (thirteen-looking) and game warden (John Phillip Law), who helps him to save him from his worst nightmare ... bounty hunter and execution of Android (or more properly "geyond") <br / From the cover of the box, I believe it will be a horror movie. But as it turned out, it was a ton of fun (perhaps partly at least partially because I would do it greatly). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in producing a hundred low-quality films (especially "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), has done well and half the only plot and the basis for us. Bonus: P.J. Souls appear to be ("Tara"), apparently at her lowest point in her career. <br /> There are plots holes in the plot. Why Hillbilly Rednecks in California (Los Angeles County if I correctly understood the warrant) What is the place with the woman's paltry jacket? Why is the subplot when the ship's captain is trying to win his heart without letting this story go anywhere? What is Heck "Quadrant 5"? How can the chicken wire create an electromagnetic field, which makes smaller-circuit android and land mines virtually nothing? Why is alcoholic, co-emphysema seen as a native American football player? And Lund Guy (Robert Clarke) ... Has his character also a point? Is there a game point with the captain? Is this film a point? But the biggest secret is an Android (or Gnoyoid), Alliance, Togan Clive. What is an "alien"? Why is it big with Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner"? Because, see, if something is a cyborg, this is part of a human being. But if it's an android, it's all machine. It is an Android, so there is no reason to find a man. It can be anything like that. However, her designer made the size of her linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leopard showing me a little more. If you want to make a female Android, is not it meant to be vulnerable and to have enemies bait? Mission not achieved. <br /> <br /> If the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" still exists, the film will be on the list of very small films. <br /> <br /> Butt-Nasty Eliator (Sorry, Tegan, Woman Weight Weight) are bulky, the film is alright. Perhaps not too much story and maybe the characters are not really very interesting. And maybe the scene with deer is quite adorable for a special cause - what killer robot use with a deer? But overall, I really liked the movie. I'm running to my local video store to go out to my friends or take a fresh DVD copy (it's filled with amazing special features - I'm not). But I think this movie is well spent and I look forward to such stunts in the future.
