SSL's WOLF, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF PLANTATION AND THESE STORIES This is the inspiration for producers behind Nazi sexplus myths to go forward because of their more infamous films: a gorgeous, But stupid) The blonde woman destroys many of her control and hates her And she wants to die. Sounds familiar? Director Rus Meyer and David Friedman, the producer, good friends and they started their career behind ILSA films. So, obviously, there is a relationship there. At BLACKSNAKE, I could not help but because Russian monarchs were all tensions in the mid-1970s and Russ Meyer films, nudity and stupidity and violence were not close to real sex. His films appear silent next to Deep Throat and other hard core porno blackbusters. Mayer knows that he does not compete with such films and that BLACKSNAKE is the ultimate outcome of such a career in his career. He obviously wanted to split into various unexplored lands. But the BLACKSNAKE bomb explosion B.O. And Mayer soon returned to create VIXEN films, even though they were not yet sexy, they were more than most of his previous films. <br /> This is not a miracle Black Block BO is the failure. It's just terrible. Tras o- Rama. Jaw-falling mistake. If you can guess that, it takes a partial-barrier on slavery. The end result is jarring. One minute, we're in the distinctive mayor's landscape: superhumanity, fun and crazy, the next minute, super meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It does not work. The slavery / racism factor is obscene and produces this image in the virtual robbery category. But BLACKSNAKE SS's ILSA is not as sleazy as her WOLF and movies, so I have been disappointed by the fans of the next, which explains almost no lack of this movie from the exploited fans or the Mayor fan of Russo. Mayer blames the failure of BLACKSNAKE, and I'll quote, "It does not have enough baths." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the film is just bad, breast or chest. But it's right when he's about lower breast quota. Excluding for Anauka and Maid, the cast of the film is male. Meyer, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the eldest David (Darth Vader) prose, with predators, with huge peeks. <br /> <br /> "The stars were angry with David Warbek, Anucca and her right hand man, poor David, and he seemed totally confused by the whole experience. She is a beautiful woman ... For the 1970s and not 1870. With her makeup and hair, she looks like a normal 1970s pin-up babe over the turn of the dominatrix of the century. At one point, she really unzips her leather shoes! I do not know they have zippers in those days but she will play the role For example, one night, David and Anouska walked in her annoying slave driver's room when she was getting up, and she was not really a disgrace (pun intended). , David gets unconscious and she groping rape and attempts to rape her. The next day, the slave driver was still working for anonymously, and both acted when the two were done. It's totally ridiculous. Under any circumstances, her role was a real person, Anska slipping the slave driver unnecessarily and kicked her butt on the island. Or killed him. <br /> <br /> The fact that the woman puts her on her breeding after attempting to rape her maximally depresses the rotten story and characters. <br /> <br /> This type of ricquylus detail and totally shocking Blakesplaitation perspective is a fantastically unpleasant but visually appealing film. Train is found in a variety of ruins. I can not help but it does not look at the picture for all of the basics (best cinematography is easy to see Sarta). So, this is a robbery movie, I guess it's going to do what it's supposed to be successful. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly responsible for Rus Meyer.
