The "carriers" follows the exploits of two boys and two gals with a stolen Mercedes with them on the road of hoodail words that hightailing down the road for the beach with the surfaced surfboards above their car. Brian (Chris Pine of the "Star Trek") and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Paraboo of "Coyote Ugly") has a gun, Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friend - certainly not love - Kate (Emily Vancomp of "The Ring 2") take over the look. Twenty-year-old characters live in this quartet. Apparently, a viral pandemic-co-directors & co-workers tell absolutely nothing about Alex Pastor and David Pastor - America has destroyed. <br /> <br /> Naturally, the lack of disaster is at least fifteen minutes deteriorating, and this cognitive drama is how men die in crisis and become their own worst enemies. <br /> <br /> If this malignant virus shingles you then you bleed and die. Most people walk through the narrow rubber band wearing white masks that are noses and mouths. Initially, the four frustrated father, Frank (Kristopher Melloni of "Runaway Bride") and his beautiful daughter Jody ("Land of the Lost" Kiernan Shipka) blocked the road with their SUV. Brian attempts to revolve around Frank, but in this process, the Mercedes pans are on the oil pan and they carry on foot. Reluctantly, they confiscated a ride with Frank after they printed on the back of the SUV. She wears a mask on the nose and mouth and it is called blood. They heard that Frank Doctors had heard that they were ill at the hospital. Sadly, someone lied Frank. The hospital physician finally put their children out of their troubles. Prevention does not improve their condition. Everyone in the town died. Kate tries to get a dial tone on every phone. Frank finds out that there is no hope for his daughter and to allow his SUV to allow the heroic quartet and take off. <br /> In fact, the "carriers" are qualified as a continuously frustrating film about the pandemic effects on four people who are mentally sympathetic to homicide murders to protect themselves. Up to four shows in suits and masks with pump-action shotguns, they reach a country club in the golf course and participate in a golf game. Incredibly, our heroes attempt to escape without shot, but Brian fears because he falls into the floating corpse. In the end, one of them was diagnosed with the disease. Later, as they were coming out of the gas, Brian overshadowed the road, such as Frank. Driving a car tries to stop a pair of older Christian women. Danny wants to have his pregnant wife and he needs their help. Brian warned the wind and blasts at the ladies with his automatic pistol when he refused to help them. Brian holds a slug in the leg from passengers, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "carrier" is not a beer & pizza film, you can laugh or laugh, because humor does not exist anymore. By the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes have become the villains who only care for themselves and their misfortune. Chris Pinen is a fun-loving Brian and his powerful performance is the only reason to hang out with this hook, just like the other famous actress, Piper Perabo, is an unfavorable girlfriend. As Bobby, she loses a compassion for a young girl who dies and pays a terrible price. This is a rule for Pine's performance, which he can change his role before others. Particularly, Pine has the only role to give him a eighty-hight capacity to a unhealthy-go-lucky guy. <br /> <br /> Two directors are Spanish brothers, and they do not allow the momentum flag. Since the attention is not relieved, "carriers" are sinking predictably. The "Irréversionable" cinematographer Benoit Debby works great with his widescreen lensing, and the road looks like a dynamic film when it turns out to be unpleasant. In any sense of the word, in the absence of happiness or the closure, the "carriers" suffers from suffering. Danny, who was a German shepherd, had a very silent scene, but it also improved. Unfortunately, Pastor Brothers do not fear much tension or suspense. By fade out, you really do not care what's going on to anyone.
