In the late 1970s, animator Dan Bluth made his own studio from the mouse house, creating Disney churning with his company. His first production, the Secret of NIMH, is still an excellent feature that continues to this day. This was followed by an American tail and land time, both of which were made by Steven Spielberg's involvement and commercial success. Although these two films never have a darker appeal to NIMH, they are still very lovely, delightful, both children and grown features. But long ago, Don Bluth went to his first major trident in heaven with all the dogs; Critics were particularly hard on the film, and did not help with the fact that it opened along with Disney's The Little Mermaid. <br /> <br /> The film has a friendly sound title that allows dogs to travel to a pleasant family. Instead Bluth provides a surprisingly dark story with gambling, fraud, crime, abuse, and murders. It's not a problem for an animated feature to say, but it will call a question whether this movie is for a child. On the other hand, it is difficult to tell whether adults have found more people to enjoy in the Dogs. <br /> <br /> Charlie B. Barkin, a tough and disadvantaged German sheep shepherd, begins at New York's dull junkyard. By his former gambling casino partner, an evil, cigar-puffing pitbull, car's car's courtesy. Before you know, Charlie finds himself in heaven, even though it is default. Here is a whippet angel, Annabelle, "All dogs are going to heaven, and unlike people, dogs are usually reliable and kind." <br /> <br /> After learning about the murder, Charlie steals his way back to the ground and refers to the tumultuous nature of the film, because the movie's dogs are steep aside. Plots to get with carfess. With the help of his dachshunded Paul giving away, Charlie Carfes can speak with the animal that speaks to the Anneree and the animal (to predict who can win the rats of rats). Charlie claims, he helps a little cutie to recognize his family, but in fact he uses his skills to gain luck in the race, so that he can build a more elaborate casino carfess. Although he refuses to admit it, Charlie grows to love Annie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of this story is not too complicated to implement. Unlike an attractive musical alligator appearing for the human girl Anne and three-quarters (with the vocal pipes of Ken Page), there are no other characters, or, frankly, even worthwhile. Unfortunately, it also applies to Charlie; When trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (only composed by more than ten authors) can only succeed in the role of the character. Thus, the audience does not have any empathy for Charlie, and worse, does not bring his redemption agreement to the end of the film. (The frustration of Burt Reynolds is that the Akillarismatic Vocabulary performance is more damaging to this role.) Other than the attractive dominance, the story's other problem story is under construction. The slow-moving plot can jump everywhere and have a habit of throwing in additional scenes, which can not be useful for many purposes, but to paddle the running time of the film. The above mentioned musician alligator (inhabited by local rats, a donkey sink) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, and Charlie tries to show his generosity to Anneemy by eating pastel-colored children with a pack of pizza. The whole screenplay feels tough as the first draft; <br /> <br /> Charlie Stroes and T.J. Not helped by Matters by poor music numbers. Kunster (Antherie's song and Gator's ballad are only good, from the next Ken Page's melifullus voice) or an unparalleled voice cast. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds' stiff and lifeless Charley is far from his unwanted character (ultimately the only exception to his true intentions). Itchy is very beautiful, but he is good Americans, who have good roles in AN American Tail and Jeremy The Secret of NIMH in Time. Ken Page, as he says, is what makes him awesome, but his role is the best part of his overall contribution. Similarly, Looney Anderson (a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore, and Charles Nelson Reilly. <br /> <br /> Judd Barcee as Anner, perhaps the only voice that can be fully reminiscent of this character, partly because her role in this role and pleasant appearance is legitimate. <br /> <br /> In Barcelona, ​​there is an animation for Dogs Heaven. Technically, the film's Blood Group (ie standards of 1980), particularly in horror scenes, Charlie has a fierce scene that is ruled by a giant satanic dog's monster in a flamboyant underworld. If anything, the story is more successful of animation than the heroine. <br /> <br /> In total, I recommend all dogs to be good fun. Although I recognize that the movie has fans, the climax delivers some power and moving finish, and the whole package is not in the same league as the best effort of the blott. Animation buffs will marvel at lush artistry, but after the end of time, all the dogs could go to heaven well and leave a bad taste in your mouth.
