Although the title "Zombie" is the title, the movie is thought to have been imagined for 1936, but you would not expect from today's film. Dean Jagger portrays the role of Armand Lauck, an officer in the French Army of World War I, an ancient hero who becomes soldiers, or "zombies," not intruder, and is key to winning the battle, but not on whose side. He first persuades the phenomenon of the phenomenon, but ultimately the French General Duvall (George Cleveland) ordered a military invasion in Angkor, the ancient Cambodian city to find and destroy the secret of the zombies. The story takes place in the context of a love triangle with Laugh, Dual's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), which is part of the tour. When the loque is not strong enough and tedious to fix, Grayson advises him to go back to his life with his power. The suggestion begins to transform the lounge, especially after successful completing a stone tablet similar to a photo from the ancient city. Following a temple priest in a swamp, Luke is now confronted with what he is searching for, but does not clearly state how he ordered the immediate effect of "imperialism". All it takes is keeping his right fist in the forehead imitating the third eye, and playing his thoughts as he wishes to control it. <br /> <br /> Graceon takes advice before commenting to his servant: "Buna, we'll learn to be brave." The director is also recognized by Bella Lugosi's signature eye from Viktor Halperin and the 1932 film "White Zombie". In both films, "White Zombie" is in the story content and is more dangerous when it comes to the more vicious display of zombies and is dead, which is the best in the description of the deceased. In the "rebellion", the enemy soldiers with zombies glittering look just to respond to their teacher's orders. In fact, the true rebellion of the title takes place only when Luke releases the soldiers from his mental command to count his love for Clare; They overcame his composite and kill him. <br /> <br /> This film should not be too strict, it can not play well in the boundaries of the story's boundaries, but if you are in the traditional case, you'll probably be disappointed. If you think of the starting treatment model of the subject, the above mentioned "White Zombie" is the way to go with Bela Lugosi.
