I think Dolph Lundgren is somewhat of a big action star, La Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and Van Dummel. He had some big moments in his career but he also made some poor choices and this is definitely one of them while following his career. What's so special about Jill the Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tide Up) is that they honestly thought they were a terrifying and intense thriller? This shows in the IMDb, in the comments, in the DVD case, to explain it and this film is not serious. The camp is very small to call it. The film is intricate and clever, it's not too much, confusing and more than gratuitous. In an effort to put it into more propaganda, it is best for action films to lendrun, as they are pretty limited to his range as an actor. The whole movie revolves around Kinky Sex World and still tries to make it a breathtaking thriller? <br /> <br /> Dalf Lundgren plays the role of a former police and drugist Matt Sørensen who refuses to play a detective when his brother kills him. I understand Lundgren's crime scenes, and witnesses and many plot holes that roam to investigate everything else even though he's not a policeman yet and means that you still have a pretty strange and rather absent fluffy performance from Leundren. Daniel Brett Lundgren's ultimate love interest and his brother's wife. Bret takes his character into considerable script and campy story. There is a terrifying accent and a really awful, stands out in their performances even though the support is huge and none is particularly negative side like the obviously terrible appearance by Viktor Pedtrchenko who has to go through many names in the film too and is a really awful <br /> <br /> I'm honestly mystery and film But it's unquestionably laughing The plot is ludicrous and absurd term, including the hilarious sex scene, a confused atalannintiki Lundgren goes under cover and not be upside down, where almost naked. Loudgren's character is described as "Murray Wilson" (not his name in the film).) While Lundgren is generally seen to be a watchable face, it has a face in the face. Director Anthony Hickoks is really infamous for B-movie horror flicks, which only makes sense that I'm trying to be really serious. Hardcore Cult Lundgren fans have to watch it ... no one is necessarily ... confidential or susceptible for suspense. 3/10
