The premise for the two circle is a secret one. Love forbidden between sixty-year old painter Ashley (Richard Burton) and a fifteen year old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neil); The standards of society are the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable. But the problem with the circle of two circles is that it can not live up to its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Headley should have put more idea into the screenplay. When I see this movie, I learn something about love and sexuality. Instead, I got a scene sequence so boring dialogue, a meaningful lecture on art, outings where Sarah seemed more pleasant from Ashleigh, and artificially lost its emotional impact. This script is good for bad actors. So with a huge cast that Jules Dassin has assembled, it can be imagined that the film's problems are even more intimate. Tatum O'Neill is not in her element. I did not believe her role was in love with Sarah Ashley for the second time. Her performance appeared to be as surface as a competitor in a beauty contest. She wants the script to be happy, and when the script asks her sad, she feels she's happy to be sad. She did not say anything, the only scene I liked with her is at the end. Maybe Sarah Norton of the closest Tatum came to be real. But Tatum is not just wrong. Richard Burton's Ashley does not have charm, attractiveness and complexity to attract even more of her daytime ages, fifteen years old. The rest of the cast is also tedious. They do not believe their argument as they wait to take up the arguments. Who? Michael Wincott is a good film with Paul, a former boyfriend in the film, but his role is small. To be honest with the actors, tell Dassassine to direct everyone; But it's also true that a great movie is beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita scored with James Mason and Sue Leon; Conchalowski's runaway training Jon Voit and Eric Roberts has gone beyond the script that was found guilty. The directors of these films know how to use the drama of their imagery and reveal something about their characters. <br /> <br /> Its own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never ever succeeded. <br /> <br /> At the end, the idea of ​​a taboo love story between an adult is a good one for the painter and adolescent girl, but the execution in the circle of two is terrible. In many ways, is it a controversial, lolita-type story? Many movie directors prefer to escape for understandable reasons? No more clever treatment; Actors rejoice that the rehearsed rewrite is not written; Actors, those who are committed to their role or have no real talents to do their roles; And director Jules Dassin (who did very well with the movies like Rifey and Tobyki) on his foot, "We have to rewrite the love story and rewrite the script before we do any filming." One silver lining one day a brilliant film about a big painter and a young man falling in love The girl can make a day. If such a film is not always present, it will clarify the controversial, debate and questions in years to come.
