<br /> <br /> The production values ​​are terrible and Brian Fleming is the best of an enterprising director. I'm not the first to say that I do not believe in God (but I do not like that word since I have no idea what I mean) . He was surprised at everything in a story that was shot on the film, and he did not practice all. There is a way for many elements and disruptions when he should have spoken in the film. <br /> Historians and biblical scholars do not think seriously that Jesus is a mythical character. As I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not think there is anything about God's existence, whether Jesus is real life or not. My personal perspective is that Jesus is probably a real person, but many people (see Apollonius of Tiana) and his life and teaching stories have been removed from his death. Virtually all scholars in biblical studies and the history of the scholars agree that Jesus is a Jewish teacher from Galilee, who is considered as a Healer, John Baptist received baptism, accused of a rebellion against the Roman Empire, and, according to the Wikipedia article on the history of Jesus (and it is even worse) Roman Governor Pontius P. Et's decrees the death sentence by crucifixion. [1] "more than anything, I was surprised at the end of this documentary about the director's insecurities. I was amazed at trying to convince myself about others. The most obvious example is the last interview with the principal of the school principal. He is not even about it. An injustice and I partially confess with the director on the bombing of the teacher, and the children taught about hellfire are a bad thing, and the way the Principal will face Fleming is just awkward. If he is more touching his face, Fleming is likely to have a good debate. Instead he is aggressive with "this issue is not bad to teach children". Guy Interview cut short and I mean, he guess what he's saying, "Oh yes, I see this, I see the light, is this a secular school now?" Femming is a revenge for what seems to be wrong with her childhood. It's not about the documentary, it's nothing about Fleming's insecure stuff, and what the documentary thinks. Fleming shows what he really does here, and this is the real downfall of the so-called documentary.
