One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not either Borat or The Departed, but the documentary about Christ's 2005 documentary The God Who Was Not Naughty Brian Fleming, former Christian fundamentalist. In a 62-minute documentary, Fleming, Jesus is not a historical figure, a legend based on legendary traditions. Interviews with writers, philosophers and historians, have long retained the Christian faith, lived, crucified, and resurrected in the Son of God, the Fleming story of Christ in the Isis and Osiris Greek mythology of Roman mystery traditions such as Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis and Mithraism and many surprising similarities Are available. In addition to his testimonies about Pagan traditions, the early roots of the story of Christ, four gospels, written for forty or fifty years after the date given for Jesus' cross and the letters of St. Paul show Jesus as a flesh and blood figure. Fleming, however, is unlikely to carry out the research of the truth of truth about Jesus' life, and is only a matter of Christianity and a complete throttle attack on all religions. Many interviews are philosophers, including biologist Richard Dawkins and writer Sam Pryce. Femming interviewed only the fringes of Scott Butch, the creator of Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Zippus, the principal of Fundamentalist Village Christian School attending a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Huston in bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipas is highly controversial in the middle of the cipse. In a satirical tone, Fleming tells us how wrong Christianity is wrong, and then refers to the evils committed by the name of Christianity, the protagonist Charles Manson who killed 11 people and the baby's hand for the Goddess Dena Schloser. He mentioned in a statement from a book written by Lahey and Jenkins, and Christians "die in the fire of the sick, vigilant and hard-hearted." Fleming shows us clips from Mal Gibson's The Passion of the Christ to bring us up against Christianity, describing every scene in violence and violence. If there is a serious discussion on a very interesting topic, it will eventually become a child of Gandhi and contradict all religions. A well-known Christian priest, Socialist Muriel Lester, Rigaberta Mencheu Tüm, Guatemala Mayan Indian, who finds out the work of the Nobel Peace Prize for social justice, and the mother who values ​​the value and respect of each person Teresa. <br /> The argument contained in his argument has no text or source material to this tradition before 300AD after the New Testament period, comparing Christian doctrine with Pagan traditions and that he has some good points and some aspects of Fleming's traditions may be similar to Christian doctrines. It is important to notice a major discrepancy. The starting goal was a spiritual experience for them to think of their union with their God. <br /> <br /> I am not a Christian, but it is sympathetic to Christianity, despite some doubts about it. Whether Jesus Christ is actually a historical figure or not, in the long term scheme, it does not matter. Mankind has been introduced to a world that has contributed to the spiritual evolution of mankind. There is a doctrine of moral and ethical code that is respectful of distinction and crimes after its name and many, Christianity compassion and love, and respect for our fellow person. I praised the fact that this film was created and a taboo topic was discussed, not another division attempt to use drugs, but it was not a common thread to be combined with the world's people. There is a room for discussion and discussion on religious topics, in allbyusic words, "Spiritual truths are clearly visible with the best brotherhood and mutual respect. There is a good God, a good time stealing the religion of others.
