Ellenora, born in Italy, is the ultra-modern and isolated home in the middle of the woods and wildlife from his deceased lover Karl. While it is winter and she is trying to meet the growing attraction between her new surroundings and the pair, she will eventually end up only at home, ending Eleanor, which meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie. <br /> <br> What do I think? It's actually a thriller, but it's not too much. It's just advertising in the package! I'm very perplex about everything. Title, story and inspiration. So how do you classify? Well, the wooden character play is a narrative movie romance story of bliss, possession and dependence, which is typically associated with the complications of two masked people. Co-writer (along with William Duffo) and director Gaia Calgrande's art-house film is counted with a very clinical, remote, and mysterious variant, which leaves you to question what you really mean? However, when its sudden end is fruitful, I'm thinking of why I should really care. What we are going to do is keep in mind the lesser details and the images that are aimless with the spectacular explanation of the dead wind. Delicate dialogues can contribute to many awkward consequences, but it is not possible to experience it, because it is always deep enough. It makes you believe it. Sexual emotions are just convincing and never get away from romance. They are already kind of a bump in a slow flow. The base of the plot makes for something interesting and fresh, but it never fulfilled and I thought it would be more of it for all this dreary temp. Calgran's direction is professionally stylish and suspicious she wants to imagine, but it seems to be slowly moving and appreciating the same opinions. Is there a lot of activity at one place? House. Camera work is sharp taut, but the sullen musical score can get a bit ridiculous when some dramatically goes for stupid music instructions and sense of scenes. Jiadah Collagrand makes it smoother and William Duffy is sleeping. He is tired of the dog! Seymour Cassell now leaves his head. <br /> It's where you live, guess who's there. Well, if you wait around it. I think I will give this no doubt, because I did not expect this indie film.
