I respect the filmmaker Alex Cox, I'll really do it. He is like a kid who thinks he's a little "different" and he's a literary punk-rocker that sank spaghetti over his feet in Western and sci-fi and edge-culture, and comes out of the world to take out *** See what you can do, talent and raw feverish art and his subordination Moments of true joy of dhyam nonsense, and you're ready to see provided. But his proverb is on the two sides of the coin: he can really beat out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker), or simply try hard and try to get rid of the hat from the hat to the most majestic rabbits (straight hell). Death and Compass belong to the second category, and when I respect its (mostly) genuine approach to solving a detective-killer story, it also falls on its face and its dysfunction becomes dramatically dull. <br /> The eyewitness says that there is evidence that the murderer is disturbing with his victims: Alonso Junz (Christopher Eccleston, who is scrolled in the blood of walls on his walls, ) Had a religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lanroot in his case and his methods following Pippi follow a triangular and later compass formation-even though it is the protests of the disgraced commissioner Trevianus (Miguel Samadal). O case is, in fact, to the audience with his ex-employee and colleague's confusing but sad descriptions Started to start. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox is a shot that we see the entire scope of the police station's violent depths when his creativity and interest, Asclaystone's character hand cuffs (when he says Lonrott will lose in the wrong room for "his own defense") is a long tracking shot- Perhaps the best or most interesting - where we have taken a very small direction through the dark hallways Ksarala abnormalities between the turns and get lost. And the cinematography of Miguel Ghazon is not always something that is not fascinating with * morbid pleasure, * look. But this plot goes through hula-hoops, so that it is beat-less and the beat is low. Feeling confidently and screaming for the ecstasy at the very end, is pretty bad, just like the goofy in his seat describing the goofy dialogue given to him to talk at the audience is just pretty bad <br /> <br / The murder storyline is not intended to be audiences, It represents Alfaville's next weakness wave with many riots and construction in a community Undani, it very quickly becomes crowded. What is the conflict here? I was engaged to Boyle's own personal mission to identify the killer, and initially the men in the building (koks / killers) were only caught up in the shaky scenes (Cox himself is a fun kami). And when I began to think that it was led to something incredible with Boyle and Eccleston in the big section of the city's south ("not as big as you think"), it suddenly called us "twist" that we are back in our minds, but there is no hope, Nothing gets lost in the sensation. For all the unusual touches of Cox, I respect all of his opposition to a traditional approach to the audience, Death and the Compass finally reduced one at the brain; It is surgery.
