The name Uve Boll is automatically associated with the bad horror / cult movie and every new movie he has released? Is it two or three years a year? Immediately receiving negative ratings and tough criticism. You're really tempted to think it's just contemporary hype. Do you know that you know that you're hating something that you have liked in your movies? I assure you that this is not the case. Wowe Boll is a terrific writer / director and a clear threat to the whole film-making industry. Another of the "seed" proof is the most unfortunate. Here, Boll tries very seriously for controversial and shocking, and omits a number of other items that must exist, such as a plot, narrative structure, character development, tension building, etc. "Seed" is full of bizarre film, unsatisfactory costumes and inadequate padding footages. I read that Uwe Boll's commentary "Seed" for horror in the current days of Torture Porn Flix, but it is not even close. The film inarguably borrow some effects from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it is another umpteenth dazzling slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> "Seed" first goes beyond the 45-minute boring and actually confirm that all the obvious things you already know were going to happen. As you can see, Bol has enough unconscious to launch its film with a scrolling text, explaining the federal US law, and if three attempts fail to fail the prisoners' prisoners, you know that this happens later, but the first three episodes still catch a serial killer and his electric Take the chair Coming. Seed is a mute serial killer who kills 666 victims (most of them are exaggerated). He saw the real life animal cruelty footage (see our real-life animal cruelty footage, thanks to Mr. Boll) and people who slowly break their cellar (including a really sick and twisted crying infant) people to watch video tape. When he finally captured, the film was shot in the most innocent and innocuous police firing, and put on death row, the film would be further reduced. When the electric chair is buried alive because he is unable to make him, Max Seed crawls back to the surface and goes to a brand new murder spree; This time, mainly the people arrested and hanged on the people who hanged him. <br /> <br /> The story and narrative of the hero's hero in this movie is not just bad; They are apparently angry and the level of intelligence of average horror film intelligence is insulting. Many turns and sub-plot in "seed" are impossible to accept by reasonable performance human mind because they are just too dumb! No one believes that cops and jail crew live a mass murderer without sacrificing some bullets just over the head for the first time. No sooner acknowledged he could not find a fugitive criminal for another six months, even though he went back to the exact spot where he had been caught for the first time! "Seed" gets dumber with every minute full of little things like this and the image goes. Personally, I do not recognize cast & group members. It really underscores all suggestions and criticisms of the Uwe Boll and moves his movies as he wants. I thought, as he told his actors, "Do as thou sayest to me, as thou hast told me." When they say that the scene shooting is not nonsense. <br /> <br /> "Boll is intriguing, but not surprisingly, this scene is actually how excited and controversial the whole movie is." Seed is "horrified, disgusting Is it, what is it payable, what's this?
