"National Treasure" (2004) is a completely misguided Hudge-Pose of narrative dialogue from almost every faulty and vague government conspiracy cliché. Nicholas Cage actors as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how valuable, I ask you?); The seemingly ordinary companion decides to steal the hidden "national treasure" by the founding fathers of the United States for reasons other than the clan of unscrupulous wrongdoers. After a bit of ridiculous (unexpected) subtitle and background like Indiana Jones The Patriot encounters, the film will later disguise the other. <br /> <br /> Nicholas Cage's 'Stanley Goodspeed' recurrence of the entire meltdown with the whole octane line, but disconnected side effects, trying to create regurgitation. <br /> <br /> Director John Turtlettab has never been able to explain ever and accurately to George Washington and his staff crews in the patriots who penned a king's ransom order on the local land, and then went through a definite plan that left evidence that scattered throughout the US currency art. Washington did not make good use of such wealth when it began in the country. అందువల్ల, ఈ అస్థిరమైన సంపద యొక్క కొత్త సంరక్షకుడుగా బెన్ నియమిస్తాడు, అప్పటికే అస్థిరమైన భూమిపై ఉన్న ఒక ఎనిగ్మా పైన నిర్మించిన మర్మముతో మనం మిగిలిపోయాము. Ben's intentions are great? If it's confusing. He will save the treasure. For whom and when? Your imagination is as good as me. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's Crusade. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he should not wait to make his mind about stealing the declaration of independence from the National Archives (oh yes, amazing idea!). Perhaps, the secret answer to the back of the famous document is the secret answer. Ian Ben attempts to kill him. Assassination attempt was unsuccessful if excessive dramatization. This gives Ben the chance to come up with, and the Aigagal Chase (Diane Kruger) chooses a very tornado curator that performs the arches. Are she Ben apparently nut? At least in the beginning. But the action / romance form is true, the solution of Abby's dissolve faster than you can say, "Hope Diamond?" ఈ చిత్రం పూర్తి X- ఫైల్- ish మోడ్లోకి మారుతుంది, ఎందుకంటే FBI, తప్పుగా బెన్ దొంగతనం వెనుక ఉన్నదని, మిస్ ఇంపాజిబుల్ యొక్క ది ఫ్యుజిటివ్ ను కలుసుకున్న పలు వరుస-వరుసల సన్నివేశాలకు దారితీసే వివిధ నిరపాయమైన మార్గాల్లో ప్రతీకారం తీర్చుకుందని తప్పుగా నమ్మాడు. Honestly, are they always 'intelligence' information correct? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a great movie, it rihas patchwork of bits of old worn out from other films, was pulled from scraps, IL 'Betsy Ross likes to make blush. /> <br /> Buena Vista DVD offers a more generous treatment than this film is desirable. అనమోర్పిక్ వైడ్స్క్రీన్ చిత్రం చాలా సున్నితమైన మరియు సరసమైన వివరణాత్మక ఇమేజ్ని చాలా గొప్ప రంగులు, సహజ మాంసం టోన్లు, ఘన నల్లజాతీయులు మరియు క్లీన్ శ్వేతలతో ప్రదర్శిస్తుంది. The stylized image is also free of spots and digital enhancements. Audio 5.1 and provides a good sonic boom to the rear speakers on your side and intensity and realism. Extras have a host of promotional junkshot material, how deep it is and how it's and why this image is built into. Only audiences, Ben and colleagues explain why. Chasing after a gruesome treasure, it might be a good movie. Extras with the theatrical trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not fragile? Just a thick head.
