John Carpenter's career will end if there is any indication of this tragedy for the film. He produced it for him. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two Vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Ali Jowar are probably the same outfits. In short, it is hard to say what an anorexic ramp model is not on the way. Bon Jovi is the most attractive. At least happy when he laughs. On the other hand the two vampire girls are all numb and complaints. At one point they have to give each other a wet kiss, but stop. Amazing that every vampire film has some morbidities for vampire-related vampires. At one point, Arly Joe offers fellacy to the most dumb Vampire Hunter and then sucks her blood while doing sex act. The black actor looked oddly bumpy as he saw a romantic moment except the whole goofy was shot, and saw him move to move his head to mimic something that the male actor did not quite make clear. As far as Gore is concerned, some heads are removed, and the blood is widespread. These scenes have very little suspense or they are almost funny when they occur, and no "horrendous" payment from the scene. All of you as a member of the audience is "Wow, which is absolutely red paint splattering on the walls." Throughout this film, these Vampire Hunters are obviously trying to kill Ari Joever (the world's top vampire?) At one point, Bon Jovi goes into the separated church and he After burning her with the arrow (and in other cases doing so), "I'll bother you Tnistunnanu, I have to talk to you. You know what you know. "Ah!" However, the dumb Vampire Arly say hello jump and Bon Jovi stick to her again in another impaling device. "Wi-Kenwood Be Friends" The 1970s hit song song should be the theme for this movie, but not all of the other silly moments, Natasha Wagner's Vampire There is a transformation sequence when the blood is removed, and the urban people all the rows to donate blood for her blood transfusion However, if Vampire's blood has been transferred to him, Bon Jovi decides that he can be defeated by becoming a vampire.In fact, the vampire blood has changed into him and his healthy blood has not been eliminated, so obviously Bon Jovi No human being for his body Blood is double with blood, and like the first vampires, this has a special effect on a vampire-blast-into flames.
