First of all, they have blue eyes to play with Jesus ... They have half the stars playing the Jews with blue eyes. There are not enough wheat-eyes actors? Jesus is one of my pet peeves depicted having blue eyes. He is full of blooded Jewish! Second, are there English-language films in English-speaking countries and English for all? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Gigo".) Is not Jewish artists or actors who can voice an Israeli voice? The film is often not true to the Scriptures, and appears to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim that the Messiah is. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven, "This is my beloved Son, I have been very happy" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). John the Baptist said in this movie! The screenwriter is trying to paint a madman. For example, in the Bible, Gabriel and Mary are pregnant with the angel of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the picture we can not see or hear - Mary is a moonbeam, and Mary's mother speaks to her and listens to her peeks, Or did not see. Also, in the picture, Jesus said to the Pharisees at the temple in Jerusalem, "You will not see me here until you cry again," 'Blessings in the name of the Lord' I and my Father are the same person. ' (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) "You can not see me again" when you say "Happy is the Lord in the name of the Lord." Jesus is never God, but the image cuts the most important parts (the speech on the mountain is purged), but in the Bible It also spends a lot of time (even with a magic with Mary Magdalene talking to a John). Like a screenwriter who wants, he wanted to make a film about what he really (and in the middle) had a gem - my face was in tears with my tears in the home of a taxpayer in Matthew, who had a son in the missing son, which was the best film I saw about Jesus ministry (But others do not ("The Passion of Christ" is very graphic) "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie, I like the "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending with the death of Jesus, resurrection.
