I first hated director Sun-woo jong because he thought he cheated me. Zhang has the ability to create a strong, deeply emotional image of sexual relationships and its effects on people, but decided to focus on his strength on the subject of pornography rather than the original human element. I did not see the letters at first and was the best of introduction to her sloppy that combined both realism and cinema. Even after watching this film, I stayed in my mind for a few days. The story that accompanies me is not the story, it is not the characters, nor is it the obvious romantic nature of the film, but the change between Jang Y and J. If you look at the picture carefully, the jump to the start, both in the search phase of their relationship, but the next step is not accurate. As they continue to meet, exploring new areas of happiness, they constantly jump up and aggressively aggressively. J is the first to say, when J is worse, controlling the situation, and then chasing J while discharging. This is a very small change, and due to the graphic content of this film, it is easily missed, but it is. When J does not live with J, their conclusions are shorter, and J attempts to become part of the general community make it clear to the end. <br /> <br /> It is very big and enthusiastic to watch this movie before your eyes, but alas, it's worth the picture. </ P> <p> The main part of the film is human elements that exist because they are developing. This is a movie that tells about our lives that are rarely explored or talked about the papers. What happens behind closed doors? Or we must believe. The law will also be repetitive after a bit, however, director Zhang tries to change it a bit with some constantly changing scenery. Our characters are constantly moving from the hotel room to the other's flesh to suppress their thirst. It is fun at first, but again, Zhang's repetitive streak seems more boring than exciting. This leads to my biggest problem with this film. Jangmall has a great story, but he knows where the characters do not repeat again and again, without switching to us, as he took the scenes (outside the obvious choice to focus directly on the romantic side). Where did Jong go with this picture? Does he want to tell sex stories, or believe the characters? In this sense he failed, because by the end of the film we know very little about Y and J, and we can give less attention to how we have resolved. Zhang seems almost random to the end as our two of these film, perfectly unknown, trying to create a final conclusion. I have to give some credit to Zhang. He tried to create some subtleties, creating a personal item that we do not have, but they are not perfectly intertwined. Y's brother and J's wife are those plot points, but again, due to the sexual element so strongly focused on him, remember these strong sub tales and become dull right down. Perhaps I did not work out what I saw in the film, outside of sex scenes. We do not know about J and Y, so goji failed. <br /> Finally, if the film can be a source of a strong score or a dotly remote musical style, the audience will be closer to the concept of J and Y, which we bring. From what I can remember, I try to keep this movie away from my mind, I do not remember any musical stories. Gogitmal might be a strong film if he praised music like Zhang or did something about our characters' fools. When I realized that he wanted sex to talk to himself, a technical concept was missing from the film, which was able to withstand a stronger desire. Technically, this is a poor picture. In a landscape independent of nature, director Zhang thinks trying to do anything without symbolic references instead of your distinctive independence of this nature. I did not see much of a social message or human element as mentioned above, but he understood that he was thrown together and sexually fit in two weeks. It is not produced by Larry Clark; This is a sub-par and requires some more technical clicks to develop stronger than the final release! <br /> <br /> Overall, I thought I would like this movie and there are small elements that I enjoyed, but I was moved to this film, recurring, and played more than breaking them. The obvious difficulties of this film can be seen through the final scene, as we know how the title of the film emerges. Our stories are not so much, and our story is not developed and we can use what we can do to make what is more symbolic than sex between Y and J. For me, too much effort to capture the art house Jung meets romance ?? It has failed miserably. It is not a precious image of time and effort. <br /> Grade: ** *****
