Famous cinematographer Freddie Frances (Glory, the Elephant Man) directs this beautifully horror / drama film. The 19th Century England has a different opinion on how to treat medicine than Dr. Thomas Rock, while Hong criminals can only be studied and tested. But the storage of these items is small, and rock needs more - and he prefers jobs for them. Being a freighter in his circus, he begins to pay for people to kill him and to find bodies to test him. Desperate slizbagbs Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom are starting to kill and kill these jobs and sell these dead bodies to rock. Obviously, this type of action has far more serious consequences than the killing of criminals and can lead to problems for everyone. The whole story is witty on paper, almost everything about The Doctor and the Devil is ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes you already have your sitting picture. The whole look of the picture is just ugly. Seeing how the film was taking place in the slums of England in the 19th century, the filmmakers would probably go to an "ugly" look, but they could not make it artistic. Cinematography from sets makes everything look cheap, feeble and disgusting. Moreover, you can not take just about everything in the scene, and it's a lot of time to do something ridiculous or do something that sounds noisy (in some small and big characters). <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Riem play twisted buddies of Fallon and Broom films respectively, and are very serious but very bad. The nature of their characters are crazy, but they violate parts of Pryce and Rhea's death. They are particularly embarrassed to receive a shot from the shot - especially Pryce, a kind of Lagoon creature from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver and so forth. Since she can not work to save her life, there is a humorous riot to see Twiggy in the film because she can not work to save her life (although her song in the final credits is not funny). The boy she definitely came a long way: from "flower power" "I'll take off my clothes for a shillin!" The three actors are very bad in the film, Julian Sands goes home for the worst performance of the film. Make fun, emotion, and emotion, making another laugh-out effort to paint anger, love, joy, and anxiety! <br /> <br /> The only good thing about Doctor and Devils is: Performance of Dr. Rock's Timothy Dalton. Although the film is surrounded by a dirt, Dalton is so magnificent; Giving an electrical overview of an overly-driven and good-natured person. The rest of the film as Mr. Dalton is not very bad.
