I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting in a college movie house last night, I can not help but think ... when this gonna end up? Two hours and fifteen minutes of very long and amazing. I only saw in part on Cremaster 3 DVD and thought I knew what to expect. Such experimental films are better digested in small increments. There are a couple of beautiful / horrific images, including the title sequence (no kiding), but if you're guessing what kind of plot or mean, you're on for a long, stupid ride. I stayed awake for the whole thing (if it's a compliment) but not too often, I mean or wait for some kind of narrative ... big mistake. The most decorated gift-wrapping ceremony in the collection of paintings is to create a disgusting dish appearance (which is provided to the crew's crew), a big bubble cheese, placed between the petille jelly sheets and shrimp sprinkled with cookie cutter, and with the exterior of Bjork and director Matthew Burney In some bizarre kind society Ustundi, their transition to the whale-like creatures. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes maddening. At one time, the song was sung by Bijor, which had only the ephemeral traditions that we had before, and other times, a steady stream of high-pitched instrument, beginning and ending a mystical feminine film. If this sounds like it does not make sense, it's not because of it! It sounds like your tea cup, then you absolutely love it! If you're like something you probably do not like, stay away from it, because I'll go out of the theater mostly in half the mark as many of the screening attendees. This is a very definition of art art. You get from what you get from it. However, there are some abnormalities and the stability and reconstruction rituals are not much higher. I am happy to have these films, but I can not think of it again. However, I can not say I do not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's paintings to match and compare it. I think, maybe now I know what I can expect to have something like this. If you want to give the idea that this picture is of any kind of perception, it would be better if I wrote it with stones. Then again, it's felt twice a long time, and it's gotten really exciting. Not sure for everyone.
