Winter killing is a horrific, absurd and very disappointing comedy-thriller, less well-known director William Richter. When looking at the film, I felt honest in Emperor New Emperor Emperors New Clothes. The film seemed to be a fool for me because I could not do the head or tail of the surplantine plot and the involuntary characters. But this film was a bit difficult for me to admit that I was putting my brain in knots. I finally get into it, I hope the whole tangled mess will kill me. Then I realized that ... the image is serpentine, insoluble and logical because it is the whole point. This is a satirical form of conspiracy theories and theorists, with the idea of ​​using truth as a metaphor for the truth, half truths and the lying that defines the conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of the former United States president. Killed in Philadelphia. Nick is when a dying person burns the president and gives detailed information about the hidden gun. Nick follows the credentials, but every step of the people who will help him die in mysterious circumstances. Moreover, his father, Paa Kegan (John Huston), is an indecent and unpleasant wealthy businessman, intervenes Nick's research. He murders deeply, and learns that Nick is coming into a web of complex lies and red herring, where nothing is visible and no one can trust. <br /> <br /> A full nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow for the mentioned reason that it deliberately tangles themselves. The cast has exceptional talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune is one of the shortest and most nonsensical guest roles in film history; Elizabeth Taylor seems to have been refusing and does not have a line of speech; Richard Boon looks like an interesting character but his character goes somewhere. John Huston has a great role in the role of a powerful patriarch and offers some of the film's enjoyable moments with his apprentice delivery. Anthony Perkins also takes on a creepy role and his screen time is too small to do full justice to his role. Some nudity and sexual scenes throws without real reason and they appeal to most graphic and wires, they really are in another film. The semi-comic climax of the film is warm and frustrating, and reminiscent of the contrasting little contrast. There is a cult audience somewhere in the winter killing, but I can not count myself in that number.
