Nell Shipman has to pay more money to promote the road capabilities of Maxwell Automobile. The film is quite simple, Nell plays the role of a writer who has a bad case of the author's block and requires inspiration, so she goes to visit Mexico to comprehend the atmosphere. Where her hero (Bert von Tuile) meets a cowboy, who chooses to drive a car rather than a horse. When Nell visits her father's partner in her mining camp, a gang of local bandits kidnaps her and brings her to the camp in the jungle. The hero needs to quickly get out of her, so he decides to drive there in his car. This is where the picture takes a strange twist. We see that we are struggling to overcome this bar by going to the bert every terrain imaginable, heavy rocks, small streams, heavy brush, scraggling tree stumps, steep inclines, etc. Now you're not on this modern day ATV, it's a 1920s Maxwell Automobile, so it looks much like a road vehicle. And it clearly has limits to some of the lands where it has been encountered, which is to look harder than once in the film. But the filmmakers tried to defeat the odds and finally show all the obstacles. When the hero comes to the hidden camp and protects the girl, he will jump in the car with her and chase the bandits (on the horse), and this time it laughs at me. This car slowly moves on huge rocks, gripped the throat and mountain brush, and has to have time to catch bandits before it gets enough to overcome the tree organs that fall. But they will never do, but we believe this wilderness run will be overnight. And in a silly climax, the car climbs a mountaineering and helps Nell and the hero beat the big-hitting strap to crack the bandits pursuing them. <br /> <br /> When you see this film you must invest in the army in 1920 Maxwell automobiles because they clearly have better road capabilities than combined with Hummer and Bradley Tanks. Just look at this movie with laughter, it's cuddling up to the nell car grill and "you have your best, brave little car"
