I'm not a fan of the backward left-hand side of the book series - books have been written at the level of 6th grade reading that does not have the awareness and understanding of science, technology and politics. The books are held to be faithful to the book, and their methods are fraudulent to fulfill the prophecy (their interpretation of Israel's Russian / Arab invasion). भी, the books have a clear preachy tone that will turn off the unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel. Nevertheless, I have read these books and have seen my interest in advertising programs. Similarly, I saw this movie simulation. I regret to say that the poor is on the border rather than the mediocre image. Acting is rarely a very rare acting and is very good with high performance. Although this is not anticipated when it starts with the novel, the script is very bad. The characters are poorly drawn and developed. Events scattered and disconnected. The conversation is sometimes heard often. At least the book has managed its hokey conspiracy theory meat. Here, the viewer is left in an involuntary chaos, and if it read a book it becomes very meaningful. The film's emotional looks also seem to be too small, with the initial and the determination, and the middle rotation becomes a smooth trudgend that runs thicker. Classical Schizophrenic. Sometimes, it can successfully solve the mood and is sufficient for motion picture. In other moments, it reminds me of sitcom and short-range music. And still other bits remind me of a poppy MTV soundtrack that is not in the movie. I can give picture points to a panic on the plane, but that's it. Other scenes involving disasters after the rapture are far from compelling. This film suffers from the book's exhortation, but its message is not like your face. In all, I found the disappointing film as the series. This is not to make the Christians around it rally. I hope the film will not get any attention in the theaters next year. It is an unwanted evil campaign for Christianity. A brilliant, clever, BeauSeigneur based on a revelation that provides a realistic and Christian world view to read the clone trilogy by James, a secular reader (after whom the Christian should reach all). It is a great read for unbelievers or believers who appreciate a great read and quality.
