The Legend of Bloody Jack begins in the Alaskan wilderness. Some of the victims of the massacre killed Kusberjak in his attempt to resurrect him from the ancient spell book (read The Evil Dead (1982), a lambarjack dude who has big faith in family unity and kills his relative. Two days later his sister Don (Erica Hogg), her boyfriend Nick Craig Bona Garcia) and Ray with their friends (Travis A wonderful lag cabin (The Evil Dead Style ...) to view a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. <br /> <br /> This beautifully rotten modern slazer edited, written, executed by Todd Portugal is a horror style for me To hear the likes of killing, I'm not a huge fan of ultra low budget horror films with a holiday video production values.   ్క్రిప్ట్ 80 నిమిషాలు ప్రతి విధంగా ఖచ్చితంగా భయంకరమైన ఉంది, అది ప్రతి చెడు slasher క్లిచ్ ఉంది, పాత్ర యొక్క భయంకర ఉన్నాయి, సంభాషణ భయంకరమైన & టీన్ slasher చిత్రం కోసం ఈ అందంగా పని చెయ్యని అవసరం లేదు ఎవరైనా లేదా ఏదైనా పట్టించుకోనట్లు కష్టం. Adolescents are more bizarre than normal and stupid, the script is much more moronic, predictable & more accurate & killer lumberjack is just lame. Finally, if you think you're going too far, it's about 10 minutes or more, it's one of the worst twists in dark movie history, which I'm very happy with, just 90 minutes of the worst value. Now I will ruin the end so no one wants to stop reading now. Actually cut the ray back telling a story to it before the end of the film & he'll tell him the story of the berates for telling Nick & Don & others a bad story (I'm their pain) and continue to pick the holes in it & laugh at it. I do not pick up the axes why they do not pick up the ax & such things, this is when I saw this rubbish as I was poking fun at the audience like a variety of things I thought it shoved down my throat & makers knew the script was rubbish and all the holes in it Could see & unashamedly the pre-80 minutes (which we had to sit through and remember) a little weird Yakaramainadi. Then the injury is insulting Lamborghak Dude killing everyone in two minutes, why should he not do that? <br /> <br /> Director Portugal becomes a real mess, it's the worst continuation of the movie I have never seen between night and day. The whole image is intended to set the night & I suspect the manufacturers have attempted to use the day for the night process but it does not work & it looks a lot like set during the day. For example, when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom, she goes out of the window. It's a black pitch outside when we search from inside the bathroom, but when she sits on the ground and cuts the shots on outside shots it's a bright day. Then Ranger Vince says that after several minutes when he walks outside it says we can not get a search party here until 'morning' indicates it is considered night & he looks like it's in the middle of the day is actually apparently carrying around a fire & he's obviously looking at it as in the night pointing. There is a scene set in the cabin look at the windows anytime, it's another obvious example when you walk through the door with the Black Pitch & Ranger outside. The sequel in this film is just the worst I've ever seen. There is not much gore, the ax that goes to the bodies of the people are some scenes, but nothing is memorable. <br /> Technically, the film is rock bottom and is a continuation between night and day, no scary, tension or atmosphere and horror day and night continuity believe how bad it is. Special effects are poor and they wish to show the car to blow up even though the plot is pretty important. This is done since the completion of the amateur bell. Acting is totally brilliant & not everyone who participates is not just the joke, nah is only joking, really they are terrible & not even very good looking at girls who got their breasts. <br /> <br /> The Legend of the Legend Bloody Jack is an awful teen slasher movie, it seems to be shot in a camcorder without a tripod or steadycam use, it is boring, it's boring & horror is one of the most insulting in movie history The twist is the end or I got totally wrong & it is very clever. Do not recommend, see a fine slash from remembering how to do the 70 or 80's.
