I went around a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, about 30 minutes later I rushed and brought some out. I have "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die" in "Masters of Horror". They looked OK, the same old cheesy horror garbage, but I was interested in for some reason. It's about a classic about the case of Pro Life, John Carpenter (I loved his "Thing", so I thought it would be good) and all that was made. I turned it into thinking I would be something great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started casual, a girl running through a forest, something scared. She stops a car and chooses her (who just watched her?) They took her back to some clinics and looked at her, and at this time her parents appeared at the gates and they allowed him, he was not tight near the area. Most of what he has done in the past, but you do not know anything at this time. He really did not want his daughter and abortion center in this place. He is so strong against such actions that it does not want "god", it kills. He heard "pro-life" hearing "support". Take action against miscarriages and go to the babies not to be born, they are unhealthy. They do not like the birth of the birth, and they killed human beings in the past to kill people? Justice is a matter of mind. Anytime back, tracking the girl, they find pregnant shes, but much more forward than what she should be. She was only a few weeks pregnant, but it was months before. She tells her not to understand her, and she wants to have a miscarriage and everything, but eventually tells her that a ghost was raped by hell and her father wants this child (but "god" is not really this baby). He makes his 3 sons (they kill themselves with pistols and shotguns) and they begin to take part in the clinic (flew back to the cooperative). The head of the clinic, who was forced to deal with them in the past, was well prepared at this time. A Fathers will kill and kill the Sons, but will eventually shoot down (wearing a bulletproof jacket). Dad then happens to women who do what he believes. He cuts a hole where we are a woman where we are fit, some kind of sucking and screaming with this blood. When this happens, the girl gives birth to a multi-legs demented baby, and some raises from Demon Earth (not in the same room) and starts looking for her baby. The father then sees this, and begins to question why this has happened, what he has done to do, and why he does not understand why. <br /> <br /> Two children, probably very nice , And a thrilling horror movie, but it is not. Acting is not horrific and excitement, the script is boring and not even creative, they do not choose the wrong characters and even build them; Just do not add up all the small parts, even something great, just wasting time together. Although the elements of the horror, I can not classify this horror, they ultimately try to succeed. <br /> <br /> The concept of "beginner" short movie is more than John Carpenter. </ P> <br /> Sorry, I'm sorry for my lack of information and a detailed review. Even if my spelling and details were wrong, I could not really be bothered by any research.
