I love movies about UFOs, and when I was a kid in the late 1970s, I decided to look back at the Stars behind Ais. Now I'm forced to write a review about it because I'm scared because I'll start forgetting everything about it. You see, even though EBTS is not bad, it is very dull and nondescript. The story is interesting but flat. The actors are good but their characters are boring and a little confusing. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, there is little violence and no nudity The Italian sci-fi performance of the 1970s is a disadvantage because if there is one thing that separates the Italian genres of the 1970s from the genres of other countries created in the same decade, Surprising is violence and sex. Unusually enough, because almost no full of exploitation elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the deal. I do not know if it can be seen as a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a film without sex and violence but I think EBTS needs more sex and sex here and there it's sex because it's deadly dull and dry. Special effects are not unique. <br /> <br /> This story is actually interesting. It's the combo of X-Files and Antonioni's BLOWUP: captures the aliens in the film when a photographer accidentally shoots a fashion in the country. The aliens find out that they are caught in the film and they kidnap the photographer and a model and subsequently destroy any evidence of their existence on earth. The problem begins when a model recently encounters a man in a stolen photographer's apartment (before she is abducted by herself). The man takes some of the aliens, disadvantages and leaves that have no knowledge of missing negatives. The whole story is about this man to know more about a secret spy group who want to hold aliens and negatives. The film is surrounded by a boring political intrigue in spin-off spy types. The UFO element of this story is not very important and may be easily replaced by cool war mac gufffin. But Stars are dull like EYES, which is very similar to X-Files! I'm surprised if Chris Carter sees this movie. However, the best thing about EBTS is POV shots, which is creepy and effective. <br /> I'm mostly negative about this film, yet, I respect that. I still remember the effective campaign that I'm afraid of when I look like a kid. I have a video. If this was done correctly, the film was very high. Oh! Good to ...
