First called changer. Nutril Picker Joe Bucklassie (Carl Jesshering) is a poorly constructed story about the loneliness. He can not socially interact with a tramp that teaches a special Vietnam hymn. The hymn is called "London Bridge Falling Down", a fictional Morris nurse. However, Ugly Joe tries it out and hey Presto! He is now a girl. Ideally he must be a young person in order to attract girls. But in 1984 the film was produced and released in 1993, it should not have been released in the ideal world. <br /> Film shelter "tell ham hand story" as this horror hokum. Worse than that. The nostril picker really takes the biscuit, in fact it is the fraudulent written dialogue provided by the entire goddess - the brain dead actors, the funniest plot and the imaginative twist. The story goes on to its own involuntary tangent, as things can not get too absurd. For example, Joe decides to kill her by turning her back on. But thought he wanted to get close to them? The killer Joe is also a janitor and a few of his victims are eating, only 3-4 of them. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this horrific film is Joe Hooker Stevens Andrews) returning to his apartment. Believe what happens next ... Joe turns a man back, but also hooker finds a man. How does he react? Well, in a Benny Hill-esquire fashion, he chases "she" around the apartment with a bunch of squirty dildo only for a trip up doll. God knows what he thinks about Patrick Jay Mates and Stephen Hodge. At least this scene has led to another priceless moment. It is the male hooker who reported the incident with a curly hi-hi police officer with a 2-bit joke shop 'police' uniform. Happy acting must be seen. <br /> <br /> This monotonous slash film is full of bore, along with the above mentioned event. Do you know the movie is bad when the DVD trailers are more exciting. Basically, I'm going to forward to good bits, nothing here. Joe has repeatedly stabbed his victims in major fighting scenes. Forget quick cuts and use mattresses foudouts (one of a stabbed scene) may already limit the form of any suspense. A girl's reaction to her hair cut is ridiculous. Usually I like the taste of "uncut" words but in this case they are far from a blessing. Only torture that paints more pain. The whole movie was considered as an arbitrary episode of Midsummer Murders, less fun. I hate to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> The nasal rubber strap is the most neglected thing I have seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O'clock Show. Unhappy episodes have become worse by the terrible Tinny soundtrack and bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the box label, this is not a cult classic if it is not eligible for light-use-shippy-horror-dive for coffee-coaster cult. I think that's it. Except to re-edit 30 minutes from this coma-inspiring mess.
