Bo Derek might have had a career that did not allow his career, John, to be his director. This is the correct signal, which is really in the right direction and with the right part (see "10"), ok okay. She did not win any awards, even though it was better, but it looks worse than the many actresses she has made in the last 15 years. But this issue is not fixed, to make a wave created by her performance on Bo10 10, "Perfect 10", "The Hottest Woman in America", "The 1980s Sex Symbol". The problem is, in John's hands, this wave crashed with a resounding thud in a few years time. She may have known her limits as an actress, perhaps not her acting talent, making films for movies that are centered on her body. But it's got old real quick. This did not help with the fact that it was really bad for John and Bo Derek's movies (let's be honest). <br /> <br /> The Lord of the Jungle, a literary emblem of Edgar Rice Burrough, tells of their judgments on Tarzan of the Apes. This movie is boring! Laugh me, shout at me, I do not like it. Even the looks of Bo's looks and the figure has not aroused any interest, and that is of course built around the film. Richard Harris (God blesses his soul, he and Bo in front of Orca btw) it hammer and makes his scenes the least interesting and Miles O Keefe makes a physically impressive tarzan. Perhaps in this film the late laughter was hit by a ton of venom from the critics, and Miles had been a solid film as a B film icon in films that did not feature great, but it was a million times more fun. But other than that, it's Bo's body, and you can see so many times before long for something to go with it. Tarzan the Ape Man is nothing else. John Derek is a real dynamic actor, he is not a director. He must have his strength. The film is in a mind-blowing slower slowly and the action scenes are really going on. Burrough's Tarzan's desire and satisfaction (to be like a gracious, strong and good looking look like Lord Gretok) and fun! You're no one here. Look at it, and you will be wasting 107 minutes of your life. In the second thought, you can come up with a valuable lesson, how to manage his film career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is the right thing in my book. She looks back with John until her dying day, a real love of animals and nature and a giggle in her spotlight in the spotlight. She has also proven that she is not a mouthpiece. If Tarzan and Bolero survive, she can survive anything. <br /> And next to Steve Strong Steve Strong, who is Stevie Strong, a small pro wrestling career?
