In 1970, this TV production was produced by Suzanne York and George C. Another proof is that Scott's "Jane Eyre" was a difficult task for the screen. The film transmitted to the DVD is quite true - some original scenes are summed up and seriously closely related, and a key scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence! But the editing is good, but not the film. This script is incorrect, the plot of the characters is crammed to the novel and almost all the actors are wrong. Consequently, there is no feeling of looking at the adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel. This is not only a reducing or discharge of scenes, but it also occurs in all small introductions - but the other scenes are tone, soul, atmosphere and novel concept. <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre, for example, leaves the Gates Head entirely and begins with Jane's arrival in Ludud . This is not entirely appropriate because some of the scenes are compromised, as Helen's influence on Helen Zen's development instead of time (instead of talking) with Helen, and a lecture in Christian Stoicism, which she teaches, is almost exclusively focused on Helen's physical illness county Ndrikaristundi, it is irrelevant in this adaptation leads to absurdity. Helen's sadness as described in the novel is painful, but here Miss Schachard is suddenly portrayed as a cruel jail ward to run Helen until death. And it's about everything that happened at Ludud. In the years spent in depth, compared to Jane's deep impact on the novel, Jane's life can also regret the surface of that episode. This is a problem with this adaptation: it goes from scene to scenery, often without transition, and somewhere near the novel essence. The odd mixture of lines and lines made from the novel is very confusing, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are very low, only two minutes on the screen, before falling in love. In the conversation they have nothing in the brilliance, intensity and novel of the dialogue between Rochester and Jane. But the script writer did not make Brontë's language unfair, and destroyed her moral setup with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane attended Rochester's wife, Rochester says: "I loved him (his wife) because I love you now." The whole moral sense of the novel Rochester is actually an innocent victim of an innocent scheme and marries a mad woman he never loved and his attempt to seek a real spouse is not cleansed by God and man by law, yet understandable and forgivable! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontë's carefully constructive moral sense and transforms Rochester into a dirty elder who wants to become a new younger wife, because his older man has no use. <br /> <br /> Now I think he is a actor and the literary figure he portrays, but by no expansion of imagination, the full story of the lovely, blonde, blue novel and Susan York . Moreover, Ms York is in her thirties when the film is filmed and it appears. She is a perfectly enslaved, elegant and mature woman of the novel's cowardly, shy, resilient and inexperienced young Jane, absolutely herself and her desert. Susan York did not play well and convincingly, but was not Jane Eyre of Woman Bromet, who played her role. Jorge C. Rochester is due to the desire to have a suitable age-old Rochester to earn a difference between age and age at the age of 18 between Jackie and Rochester. He appears to be around 70, but he has acted in various scenes at the age of 70. <br /> <br /> The "Maturity" of the famous actors is the script of intent, desire and despair. The scene between Jane and Rochester after marriage, the novel's emotional climax, became a calm and rational conversation between two middle-aged people at the end of Rochester's sleep. When Jane returned to him in the final scene, he was just as happy as his favorite grandfather was a grandfather who paid a visit to his old people's home. The only role that emphasizes the proper amount of emotion is St. John, all people. Ian Bennen plays him very passionately and takes his impression of Jane's love for his favorite appeal to Bennen Rochester's novel St John. But Bennen is good even though he is far from Saint John's Jane and Scott's Rochester novel. This is very frustrating "Jane Eyre"'s only ransom features positions and score, and I would recommend this product to those who want to see and compare every single follow-up of "Jane Eyre".
