I'm always cautious about taking a relief to the film. Watch out for a month and you can see it differently or dig up after 50 years in another continent, and some fictional followers can not be seen in the first unseen. It was a surprise to me after sitting on the UK premiere at The Great Existence of Robert Carmichael, that I found more interesting and questionable answer than the film. Shane Denielson (Artistic Director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), has been enthusiastic in the film rather than receiving the whole negative response from the audience with the help of film director and producer. The Edinburgh Festival audience can not easily shock. Only one person hates. The film's criticisms are from the public assembly and producer and constructive and M.A. A woman who teaches film directors. It's not overly 'shocking' movie. There is a degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but much less serious than most films (most realistic weaponry is unclear, which triggers genitals). The audience did not like the two hours of the audience being too short, where the acting standards were not enough, where the stories were poor, imaginative, and drawn, and where they were promised a controversial film in a monumental and majestic film making. In Iraq, metaphors, especially vulnerable and general, are alarmed and distressed (no deep meaning is unclear); <br /> <br /> "He takes a little money (he stands in school for his musical ability) but takes drugs and young people or go for them and Their criminal activities hang with young people to extend to rape and violence, and when he went ahead, Robert had a lot of trouble locked inside him. <br /> Not the merit.Robert left to the audience to determine how this decision was made: Does he have the influence of his colleagues? All the good influences and concerns from parents and teachers did not attempt to include him in a better way of life? In the film, he has been careful of the scenes (he is a lot of drugs, shame, and sincerity , S Many of his friends are raping a woman in a back room, which is partially centered on the screen.Before the bones in the bones, a DJ girl's screams are more concerned that any thought of a woman can disturb her happy home music. He is a bit frustrating if he finally caught their attention to police attention. Though aware of rape, the headphones of his heart highlight the full-featured scene of happiness in his deeply disgusting way. <br /> <br /> The rest, its controversial climax, (not substantial) are related to sexual violence, not this standard. Some people have strong reactions to it (the intentions of the filmmakers: "If they are vomit, we have succeeded in producing reaction") But much more - and I can say that the Edinburgh reaction reflects from Cannes - why are programmers filmed with such low quality? Director Clay Hugh can speak but did not develop artistic attention. His reaction to holding a mirror of life to tell the truth about the things that were swept under the carpet is also a small plot development, because he did not want to do a standard Hollywood film - all the criticisms are good answers, but unfortunately they do not apply to his image, someone is holding a mirror, shot When filming is filtered, or waste images. I had talked to him for a few minutes after the screening, but wanted me to try and give him any suspicious suspicion, but I found him unwilling to be his movie and soon my mouth was moved to the bar. There are many facts. One aspect of art is understanding, another entertaining, another inspire. I asked him if he had any social or political agenda and he said Ken Loach (one of the many great names he takes in vain) without going to so far if he agreed to the agenda himself. He rewrites his mantra about telling his job the truth. <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol can paint a tin, a stupid attempt to put himself on the map, promoting a new director or second rated publicity. Soup and it's art. Clay Hugh thinks great directors have made controversial films and boundaries. Unfortunately, his ability at this time only expanded to make high sound excuses for the promotion-seeking film.
