I can not believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov seriously, two people I love, signed this garbage product. Tim Burton is an excellent director, but since his last few films are rebuilding or adaptations I have to be honest that I'm losing interest in him for a while. He produces an amazing "Nightmare Before Christmas" I've seen several times, and directed films such as "Beetlejose" and "Sleepy Halo", which are awesome movies. Bekmambetov I loved 3 films directed by: Night Watch, Day Watch, and Wanted. <br /> <br /> Two people are very happy to see me. 9 Today I went to see it. At the theater. I'm so glad I finally saw it. <br /> <br /> The first time I got to the film, Tim Burton, said, "I'm almost never happy." I thought it was also heartfelt. I expect him and Bekmambetov to assume that you have a good watch on this film at the helm of production. I have not yet been able to find out how I am in this film. I can not even hear the original documentary before I look at it, but now I can say that this film is a small movie. Hell, Neil Blamkamp has remade Alive's Amazing Full Length in Joburb 9, entitled to the right is very difficult to get about 9 ??? I really think the film is fantastic. I really did. But it failed at most levels. <br /> <br /> Plots are very confusing and confusing. I do not know what will happen, let me tell you about it. Usually it's about a group of rag doll robots trying to save the land. Okay, ok, I came from it. But the writing here is very poor. Whole movie dd It's like 6 years old. Telling the story. This is the largest, the largest clunky monster robot, which causes destruction and funeral. This is the main villain. However, the wrong thing with this film is that everyone is now emerging. There are many monster robots, most of them have no logical description. They will grow 0. I mean, the pterodactyl flying out like monster just out of rips out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes out and Acker just expect it to do it. The snake-like animal with hypnotized strobing eyes was much more common. I have given this explanation to others and not laughing at them. I all burst out laughing about 3 people all. Oh and it wraps the victims and sews them inside them. I'M. NOT. <br /> <br /> Twist in Act III is the most retarded factor of the whole movie. కాబట్టి ప్రాథమికంగా 9 అతను తిరిగి నిద్రలేచిన గదిలోకి వెళ్లి, ఈ పెట్టెను 9 వ శతాబ్దానికి చెందిన శాస్త్రవేత్త నుండి హోలోగ్రామ్తో కనుగొంటాడు మరియు అతను పెద్ద భయానకంగా యంత్ర యంత్రం రోబోట్ భూమికి రోబోట్ జీవితాన్ని తీసుకొచ్చేందుకు రూపకల్పన చేయబడిందని చెప్తాడు, కానీ దుష్ట మానవులు దానిని యుద్ధానికి ఉపయోగించుకోండి, భూమిని కాపాడటానికి సహాయం చేయాల్సి వచ్చింది, కానీ శాస్త్రవే  9 ta gave his life, so it will help to protect the world. And he just gives life to life. 9 What about other robots? Who kept their lives? This is a perfect example of the poor, fine writing. The only thing that survives the life of the other two is how life is only one life ????? The characters do not like everything. They risk their lives without any reason. Only good character 7. 6 "go back to source!" With me angry! ramblings, 1 a fanatical idiot, 2 we do not know anything about anything, 5 his "sure ..." or "instead of stay here?" With me kept annoying Questions. And that's the end? UGH. "Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I like everything <br /> <br /> The beauty of the film is very beautiful, beautifully beautiful, and 9 is squared.I am going to the theater to see this movie I'm sure, in fact his and Beck   మ్బేటోవ్ పేర్లు ప్రోమోస్ చుట్టూ విసిరివేయబడుతున్నాయి, ఈ సినిమాని చూడటానికి థియేటర్కు ప్రజలు తరలి వస్తారు. నేను ఏమీ లేకుండా పెద్ద ఒప్పందానికి రావచ్చని నాకు తెలుసు, కానీ ఈ చిత్రం చూడటం నేను పాత్రలు లేని పాత్రలతో, అసత్య ప్లాట్లు మరియు కంటెంట్పై ఉన్న స్వచ్చమైన శైలిని ఎంతగానో ద్వేషిస్తాను. మరియు ఈ చిత్రం ఆ సినిమాలలో ఒకటి.
