First, the film is not completely disaster. Whenever you hear the true story of Gram Parsons, it may seem a reasonably entertaining diversion. Johnny Knoxville can not really criticize his performance as Phil Kaufmann - he looks back and looks beautiful on the ground and you can sort the root for his long term suffering. Michael Shannon is credit for pretty much the same reasons, except for Hippie Stoner. There are some good personalized humorous scenes - the crash stays out to hear the hippie-to-air into the airport hangar door. But the good stuff is over, and we start looking for things that make this film really frustrating. Robert Foster's role as Gram's original father is a disgraceful role to play a vicious role on the whole film. We know that his true father committed suicide while he was a teenager - the life of Gram's life is better than the life of a good film with a good filmmaker. Forster was his real-life father, and his step-father was not bad enough, but Gramm was not for the well-known people who had gone to extract his body. He suggested that his foot father had agreed to give the dead body and he was angry when he learned about it. The controversy that buried Gram's body may necessarily cause, but the fact that the duo and their sinful companion can not be seen, but allows them to move forward with fire. Whatever the truth about the gross name Parsons name, he certainly does not have any similarity to Forster's role here, it's hard to see why this character is written. Cristina Applegate is a greedy chick (and still very beautiful) who wants to get Gram's body and earn money in her estate. Her character, and her performance did not exist, and there were wonders on why the director did not go to the whole hog and why a lesbian scene between the chick and her chic who plays as the Kaufmann girlfriend (which was not entirely reduced to the entire tone). When you think of the substance used in the good picture about the Parsons, the flaws of the film are clearly visible. Domestic music has been changed by young, courtesy, Southern Gentleman - long hair, drug trafficking, feminine love, and finally self-destructive. Real events such as the Hangover Door Crash and the refrains and friends filmed by Keith Richards. For all these things we should focus on Kaufmann's input in the life of Gramm. Kaffman got what he did (he was definitely a little admire). From the interviews it is clear that he is delighted with attention. Keep in mind that he is preparing to mark a person who made a comment about the naked body of the village Parsons. He is not an action of great faith, but escapade al dope-up. Looking at the director of Knoxville and the interviews, some things are clearly visible. It is clear that Gram's life story has no real understanding, or they want. They want the movie to hit about an event that is infamous and crazy. It's wonderful life with a strange ending. The only thing covering this film to the end shows how manufacturers are limited in understanding about the village parsons.
