If you are a fan of the last gram parsons, this film will definitely be broken! Part comedy, Part Road movie, but mostly a fictional fiction of one of the oldest stories of rock history. <br /> <br /> Commonly known as the story of Phil, the fictional rock / country / folk music "Croman" ("Johnny Knox" starred with Hero Graham Parsons), one of whom died when the first person died (this is not a thing ) The Joshua Tree National Park in California is perfect for those who have died in the desert, to keep the body under control ... leave the soul and One switch on me, and so! A word self-hateful, pat-headed friend, Jax Parsons-Wommer's body decided to keep his Word, just the intellectual Kafmann, with the help of a day before the drug and bull-bender pulled out of drugs. చివరికి పార్సీన్స్ గర్ల్ఫ్రెండ్, కాఫ్మాన్ గర్ల్ఫ్రెండ్, పార్సన్స్ రాతి ముఖం తండ్రి, మరియు పోలీసు అధికారులు మరియు ఇతర అర్ధం లేని ఇడియట్ అక్షరాలు గడియారాన్ని కొట్టడానికి ప్రయత్నించినప్పుడు చలనచిత్రం మరియు నిజం యొక్క క్రింక్-విలువైన కలయిక ఏమిటంటే మాట్లాడటానికి) కాఫ్మాన్ మరియు అతని స్నేహితులను పట్టుకోవటానికి ప్రయత్నించినప్పుడు పార్సన్స్ శరీరాన్ని తాకే అవకాశం లభిస్  Undi! <br /> <br /> The movie sinks in the inescapable direction, bad acting, and tone titanic in the slums of the film. And telling the truth of the original truth that this film has happened is not to mention a huge factor not half. As I have heard so far as I have heard of the errors, I have the following: Number 1. Parsons is married during his death and has a baby, so hell with all friends and chasing and whatnot?, Number 2., Kaufman's Drug-Out Buddy Parson's body To be discharged and finally the 3rd most famous motion picture maker (chi  ీకరించే చిత్రం కాకుండా) మరియు చివరగా గ్రామ పార్సన్స్ నిజ-జీవిత తండ్రి మరణించాడు అతను కేవలం బాలుడిగా ఉన్నప్పుడు, మరియు అది పార్సొన్ యొక్క దశ-తండ్రి (అతను ఇప్పటికీ బ్రతికి ఉన్నప్పుడు గ్రామ పార్సన్స్ గురించి తక్కువగా ఆలోచించగలిగారు) నిజజీవితంలో శరీరాన్ని చంపిన తరువాత అతను జాగ్రత్త తీసుకున్నాడు! Overall, the most disturbing thing about this film is that Phil Kahfmann is actually set to help with the facts of the story. And yet still, it's clear that the movie is really truthful and very bad, that my mind boggles! The mediocre acting act in the film is a major role by ultra-rousing Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), not only as a bad actor, but also a sleek, full-fledged cast for most of the cast, -Surprised, or in the first place they are completely clueless what they are doing! Overall, if you like the Johnny Knoxville or if you really take the bad-they-not-good-friend ways, then I thought I could get the kick of the film! But if you're a fan of me and are a fan of the last gram parsons, if they are based on a real life story, they'll enjoy movies trying to tell you the truth, or good movies, road movies or romantic pieces, you really hated the movie and advise others to do . I absolutely hated this movie and wanted it to never be in the first place, but I did it because I did it unfortunately, it was more important than what it had been! Probably the true facts of the story a little later became the greatest biography of the village of Parsons ... what happened after his soul left his body? But all the devastating monuments (sorts) to the audience of fans who are late for the audience and fans of the late actress have been left behind in the film's tragedy and gram parsons. It should also be noted that Parsons actually used music and some others as well as in the movie, but surprisingly, you can not really enjoy it in a short-term bip forever. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
