Well, maybe the PC version of this game is impressive. May be. I played the PS2 version and was pretty much full of confusion. <br /> <br /> There are also twin elements that are OK or guaranteed. This will happen quickly because I said first. First, the idea of ​​a historic GTA-like game is great. Game Gun is a game like a historical GTA and unlike Mafia, the gun is amazing. I'd like to see a game that worked properly in the Mafia Age. Later, the storyline is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arcs, which uses an exceptional device (with a backstory of the game) and is interesting. Finally, some graphics - which are used especially during cutscenes - are impressive. Mafia designers focused on grabbing graffiti, particularly the GTA that was specifically slipped on characters. Unfortunately in many other areas, the graphics are very bad, and I have a wonderful gameplay than the most impressive catchy characters. <br /> <br /> The gameplay is less of this title. First off, the controls and the camera completely suck. No game developers should focus first. You can not release a game that controls and / or camera sucks. Number One, the role of the player, Tom, does not have his analog move, is controlled by an analog analog stick. It is not necessarily necessary, and it is rarely, the left stick character moves in the "Stripping" way and the character can only set up using the right analog stick. Here, it is not unnecessary, it makes a very simple operation a challenge. For example, Tom has to climb a couple of operations. <br /> <br /> If you're disappointed with the right analog stick and the camera, and whenever you press L1 every time you climb, I've never seen a deadly fighting system. The first problem is that you can not auto-target targets or be locked. In an early stage, you know that you can use L2 or R2 to lock targets, but it does not work. So to focus on any enemy, you have to work hard with the stupid right analog stick and adjust both the character and the camera, which is in the wrong angle drift or Tom all the time disappears. <br /> If you touch or hit the enemy who touches it - and it is definitely a battle, you will be completely overwhelmed by the fighting system - mainly the R1, holding or holding it when fighting or fighting or using melee weapons. Enemies can almost pummel you with a bear hug, but you can not move unless you off. So in close combat you will be able to repel the left analog stick, which makes the word in the role to move as far away as it does not make 50%, then the opponent is so close that you can press R1 first and make the R1 useless. And if your enemy changes your perspective at this time, you can see that you are struggling with the right analog stick to keep your character on the right path and you can get the camera. By that time, you could probably be struck out or burned again, and your only choice is to try to move the character again. I expect my struggles to get enough time to get a couple shots before often making Tom Run Circles around an area such as a comedy film, to fight with an analog stick and to be in the compassion of the AI. <br /> <br /> When trying to fight with guns, there are same problems and more. If you touch someone, half the time the controller just will not allow you to fire off a shot, yet they still can rinse you full of holes. In addition, there is no auto-target, and the target system is ridiculously sensitive, and sets the sensitivity under the options. Pistols try to shoot or move on when you shoot and kill the enemies. Luckily or not, the damage is almost randomly recorded. It takes ten shots or more time to play any role, and it does not have any poem or reason. You can put five shots in the empty space of the enemy's head and the space blank and they'll still fire and you'll hurt. Nevertheless, game designers have taken care of realism rather than built up a reboot in your target system, so after shots with powerful guns, your goal is to be targeted and strive again. <br /> <br /> For famous graphics, except for the letters and textures that are close to you, they are really disappointing. The distance always seems to be empty, and there are often flat colors and textures that are often in operation while driving. The city is not well designed. It's not quite different, and there are not many interesting things to look for or do. Cars are slow and they are difficult to control. They also drive about the same. Some music is mentioned, but it is not even pretty good. Improved work did not end at that end. And, as many others have said, the load times are ridiculous and consistent. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia Harbor for PS2, at least, feels much faster. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job.
