I watched zillions of movies and I give this picture 3 out of 10 because I can tell a intellectual picture with a mind teasing message. Definitely, Broken is not one of those movies. I agreed that I made a lot of effort to understand what the film was all about and despite the explanations that I had read in previous comments, they seemed exaggerated to have a self in the intellectual league. People. Apparently broken on the cover of the cover shows the broken upper part of the face that usually has the brain. It's a clear message that once this part of the body breaks down is clumsy and lifeless. So, it is not clear what scenarios are because the picture waits for you to show their inward side and starts immediately without the introduction of the characters and any of their lives before the picture. Despite seeing his father surprise him when his children surprise him, he has enemies, but this is not a very strong clue. If the film is further credited in the film, it would have been a fantastic one. The film is slowly slow but at the same time is empty without the same transformation scenes. And the rebirth of the evil father with bad jeans at the end is some of the strong refining evidence of existential messages that some people have spoken about. Moreover, if Zina really lived in the apartment as her brother finally told her brother, how bad is she? I have rejected many the questions that can lead to the same question about the film: this film is a serious and wasting time. Naturally it shows that someone is trying to make something out of a meaningless secret that is not worth it. I am a huge fan of horror movies and especially some people call popcorn films. Horror movies do not convey deep messages! They are supposed to uncover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side which is true, I guess. Horror films should contain blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. It's a real horror and it's never been away from reality. I've seen almost all the horror films and each of them can prove to be sunshine reality. The mind is not as long as you think. For example, the horror film "Train" in all aspects of "Hostel" and its similarity, its similarity almost illegally sells the body organs by abducting people in foreign offices. <br /> <br /> And while we consider a broken image that contains the existing message, it is still far less and more scary. The fact that I was for sex, TV, security / pampered, etc. The fact that there is no vandalism to devastate highlighting a dream that goes beyond drug addiction is the addiction message submitted by hanging ... will be destructive and it's scary of hell. And those who criticize horror movies for always being meaningful and more commercial, usually just get scared and just bunch of people who just do not like this genre but these movies are fans and they face face-to-face with the essence of life Adrenaline chaos, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not! ) To audiences Providing new label, Death!
