If myth about broken glasses is correct, everyone involved in this product will face bad luck for about 170 years now because there are too many small pieces of glasses. If the script was shattering only glass, then "Broken" had a fantastic picture. Now it's just the overlapping, derivative and dull image of sin just great ideas and memorable scenes. Sean Ellis was the most stylish and beautifully filmed film, but the story was poor and the lack of logic and explanation was really disappointing. I talked to a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. He found inspiration in Ellis an old myth that your Doppelgian drops claim to be a foreboding of how you would die. Interesting doctrine, but I'm not well known to this legend and I have not found anything on the internet about it. Personally, I have another gigantic variation on the theme of "broken" "Body Snatches Invasion" but without alien interference. "The Broken" centers living in the American McVee family in London, particularly Gina. When a mirror occurs suddenly during the birthday, it stimulates the whole series of intriguing and seemingly supernatural moments. Gina is driving in her car and reflects her mirror to her apartment building. During driving home in a moody confusion, she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in hospital. When denied, Gina feels like she is changing her whole neighborhood. She did not recognize her boyfriend and the unusual feelings of the accident did not keep her flashing before her eyes. Is she suffering from a mental traumatic pain that starts at risk or is it really a supernatural conspiracy taking place around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis perfectly moves the curiosity and suspense feelings in his work, but unfortunately he correctly describes them. "Broken" really atmosphere and stylish effort, but just half an hour after the movie, it's just a beautiful but empty package when you end up traumatic. There is a disappointing high amount of "fake" suspense in this movie. This means nostalgic music and strange camera angels need to develop tension, and so far nothing has happened. In fact the kicks in the mysteries of time, these tricks no longer have any horror effect. Here are some of my fellow critics compared to Scene Ellis's style of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock's performances, but is it the way, the way? WAY is very respectable. PS: What's with that alternate spelling? Scandinavian "ø"
