This film is a pure, distracted, boring boredom. I did not know anything before I entered the dark room, took my seat. In the poster I expected, I was fascinated by the "mysterious and suspicious" book. In addition, Lena Heddy is good and exceptional sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a trusted person, and the cast seems reasonable. It convinced me to go with me instead of what's under my name. <br /> <br /> Headley's Gina McQuei, her boyfriend, her father, her sister and her sister's husband revolves around a narrow story that is washed away by some reasons. In a very vicious and unenthusiastic manner, secretly emerge from smash glasses through their nasty doppelgangers. A great image behind this idea (not exactly the idea, your mind, but more ...) And indeed, the filmmakers have broken all the supporting actors and have committed to the story of Hayd's character, The Broken exactly 20 minutes. <br /> For example, in one scene, a mirror in a mirror contains all the main characters in a main room; They puzzled but quickly forget about it. In another scene, Doppelger looks like a mirror smashing in the empty room and "stepping out" of the hanging shards on the wall. Why did the first mirror smash when coming out of the creepy crawl? For a little thrill? Fuzzy light London has a lot of scenes with characters in the flat, they thought to hear something, but there was nothing unseen and moving. We begin to surprise, why would this nasty doppelgang actually try to scare them ever? Scares letters and you are scaring the audience. However, if the spectators want any thrills at the broke, in the dark of the theater, each other should start bullying. By the way, once we spent time with these nasty doubles, we were absolutely right about why anyone expected them to be afraid - they just stood around, their faces seemed to be empty, and perhaps harmless after killing others <br /> There were some good There are moods and touches, and director Sean Ellis appoints a realistic screenwriter next time Calante, he could actually dare I am stylish and suspense mystery film.
