... cause they're both pretty lousy. The best part of the film is the frightening Imperial picture of Faye Dunauve on the stairs. She feels that the picture can be easily rolled out, bloody pieces of the tear, and re-enter the calm image as nothing will happen. <br /> <br /> "If I admit, you will be aware of the trouble of an image while attracting your attention to the movie. <br /> If I admit, I paid $ 30 for the DVD, I know what you think - 30 bucks come into the gravitational black hole on the right and you're absolutely right. I looked forward to some real fears and I waited and looked forward to what I saw in the Raven (perhaps in the dressing room), not the intrinsic parts of the small parts, but I did not intimidate me, I'm not brave, I know, so this is the same What's more, Jennifer was not afraid, but her internal organs were literally different And she's more rare than anything, her life is fast and she's worried about making more money, Honey, you can not take money wherever you go !!! <br /> Meanwhile, I'm surprised at what happened with my grandmother I spent the whole movie. . I was initially suspicious, playing Faye's grandmother and all, and finally I was still suspicious. There is another relative living at home Jennifer and Mary Ellen is forced to temporarily share her grandmother-to-hell, and I'm guessing she's the same generation as grandmother. The weird part here - it looks relative as she just met eight hundred birthdays. Mary Ellen looks like she has gotten face-lift from her famous surgeon. Face-lifts can not do wonders, but I feel the form of phi is important for rice-paper platforms. Spoiler !!! It seems to suffer from an illness that affects the unfortunate performance ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, their organs fail and eventually all the illnesses that cause disruption. Yuck, huh? Interestingly enough, Mary Ellen is still alive and her organs are intact. How was her family curse away? <br /> <br /> Another reason for my 30-dollar loss - this is one of my entire movie films. I refer to double ending. The film ends twice. I'm totally hated when that happens, and the film feels like the director has finished it, and does not forget to remove it during the album. I guess I should have been scary, but it is only if you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> This loss has a perk, one of the reasons I bought the DVD. "Filmmaker" commentary features Faye Dunauve, and let's see how she acted when she did not have lines to read. Suppose what - the film was very good and I was unable to sit back again. Drat.
