Honestly, this is the easiest in the first 5 of the worst films I've seen. Partially, because it takes too tight, against the normal light heart trash, these films want to care about the alleged conspiracy, feel for the characters, that you have an emotional connection. <br /> <br /> There are 3 main reasons why this film is so terrible: 1.) Dotty and completely non-sensitive plots. 2.) The scary style-over-material "MTV" camerawork. <br /> When these films were made, they were not able to make a decision. A film about church conspiracies, stigmatas or possession. So, guess what? They mixed them up! If a dead person has a religious belief, then she demonstrates the stigmata to reveal a church conspiracy. An ordinary person has never transcended to death and has never explained how to have another man through his fainting, or talked about. Now, instead of telling him what to say, he gave her stigmata. Why? Why not spit it out? Instead, strict voices, carcassing messages on cars, and writing messages on walls will be thrown. Apparently this priest is also a violent person, because the young woman who has caught the characters, speaks in a surprising, tough, wigs on an O "characters that we all have heard countless times. It also begins to build in my second complaint because when a young woman gets stigmata up, floats in the air, using gravity laws, and what about all the earthquakes and hunt everyone around her? Why is this happening? Who knows?! <br /> <br /> These dozens of shots of these films are slowly moving, flying somewhere, flirting, and very frustrating, water fat. This woman's apartment is constantly sucking water! Constantly! Logically, this place is separate from these holes. Finally, and finally, without any reason, to hit the camera movement on the move, in slow motion, in reverse !! Why!?! I do not have any understanding! <br /> <br /> 3. One of the main characters tells us that he has become a priest to explain away. Holes in science. I do not understand this. I think it is enough to go to church, but no, he must go through the whole Rigamarro to become a priest. I will not buy it. Secondly, there are a lot of plot holes, some of which I will explain below. For starters, when she gets her first stigmata, the scene ends in her unconscious, bleeding. Later, she was in hospital. Who is called ambulance? At the end of the day, when the "scientific priest" character mentioned in the past is talking to the soul who has the girl. He said, "Take me as your messenger!" He said. The word is a word for quote, but you get the idea. His response? "You do not have faith, no doubt!" So, because of this, he has an Atheist! Atheist does not have faith, no scientific priest is very low! And then, the plot of this film, this is the fact that the Last Gospel (of St. Thomas, I believe) is available in local book stores. Characters are ready to kill this document, but you can go to the bookstore and buy it. Perhaps this is not an alternate history, it is not widely known, but the film always attempts to inform us or indicates that this document is a cryptic alternative alternative. <br /> <At the end, this film is terrible to a fantastic degree. This is my arch-nemesis, which I feel I need to insult every opportunity. I hate it. Final Grade: F
