When I first saw the preview for this film, I could not wait to see it. The plot looks good and the setting was great. I mean, Prom night, a slasher image that takes place in great thinking !! And the plot: Sexually one of his pupils is sexually engaged, crazy goes, arrested, and escaped after three years and escapes in prompt night! Prom Night, happy and memorable night turns into hell !! However, I have seen and disappointed. It's not the worst "horror film" I've ever seen, but one of the worst movie I've ever seen !! First of all, it's not even scary. There was not a moment in the film when I jumped from my seat. Also, murder scenes are very cheesy and dull. All slasher either stomach stabbed his victims several times or cut their throats. There is also Gour (its rating PG-13). The scene with a lot of blood is probably killing the blacksmith. She strikes her throat and blood splatters on sheets that she has spent around them (they do not actually see her knocking her voice). <br /> <br /> You will see the killers that he first introduced in the film. He is not mysterious, creepy, or horrific. <br /> Also, everything in the film is very clearer. Finally, the killer is the main character and in the last moment, the Detective shoots are an example of trying to kill him and kill him. Also, every single thing in the film is very imaginable. The victim, after seeing the man with a knife, walks for her life, hides, hopes to stay away, and then the killer just pushes out and kills. Finally, the sequence of the film is very bad. The person goes to the hotel, kills some people, finds the bodies, anyone can fire a fire alarm and everyone will be emptied. The main character is an encounter with the killer, runs and escapes, forgetting something in her room. That's it! She and her boyfriend go home and go home, killing the house patrolling, finding the girl, and then the detective is killed. <br /> <br /> Do not waste your time or money if you look at the film and believe me well. There is no surprise to show the film at the smallest theater in the movie theater. My friend and I were sitting in the theater, sitting behind these two girls. It should tell me about the movie before.
