I first loved the little mermaid. I know songs, I love the characters and love the story. I can not say anything about The Little Mermaid II: Sea Return to the Sea. Very bad. Let's start with the story. This plot is the reverse copy of the very first image. The same conditions except the reverse! Ariel wanted to live on Earth, and her daughter Melody (creative name) wanted to live in the ocean. Ariel Ursula is cheated by Melodi Ursula's sister Morgana. Does Ursula have a sister? I do not know where it came from. Unlike the first duplicate copy of the first film, the film's story was tired and was relatively inexpensive compared to the first film. Now the characters are: 1. Ariel - what happened to her? We're no longer spunky, headstrong teenager, both from the first movie and loved it, she's now "grown up" and her personality has reduced the stream. Her singing voice is not as strong as Jody Benson is too old or wasting her talent. 2. Prince Eric - Despite his many personalities in the first Disney, like all Disney kings, somehow his new voice and his few little lines made him more robotic. To top it off, he just can not seem to hold on to himself, and Ariel becomes a tough one. 3. Sebastian - From the very first film to the lovely crstessan tell goodbye, because a small child, a little crab, took his place. He did not have good songs in this film too. You can forget almost all the fame he has gained from the first movie from the wonderful "Under the Sea" and "Girl the Kiss" and it's very sad. 4. Delighted-they ruined him !! He's not cute anymore, his voice is terrible, and he's now kids ?? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgan - She looks like Ursula's sister to take revenge against her mother, who chose Ursula on her. So she plans to become the new ruler of the sea of ​​Triton's trident. Sound familiar? However, she has Ursula's greatest character in the role of a villain and villain. In her witchcraft she is externally unsuccessful, she is not too strict, and is not intimidated. 6.Mail-Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironic name is because she, unlike Ariel, does not sing. Her voice, her friends (a wallet and a penguin ?? really?!) Is not funny or fond of, and she is in the reverse and exactly the same as Ariel, in the same way. Skip this. Do not look for any Disney sequel except the Lion King 2. The film kills all the fun memories of classics. In this movie I will see again and just smile.
