Well, for a long time as a Disney fan, I have really-live-video-Disney sequels. Vault Hemself did not believe them. Finally, he believed that they were "when they were worshiped" and "they were happy." But this ... really ticked taco. There are so many reproductions of other Disney films in the film, which is not funny. Quick summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, Ariel and Prince Eric's daughter was born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who basically looks like Ursula appears, if she's going to go green on the green color and Alley Macbeal appetite food) and trying to tie the newborn baby, and after failing, prophesizes Doom for the characters. After the fire test, Ariel goes into a trough as his father, and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage, and then prohibits her to go near the sea. Surprise surprise so well. Melody discovers that she is fleeing with her stubborn brat, and then agrees to become a mermaid with Morgan, something else. (Does Gie sound familiar?) She is one, but in bargain is half, she returns to the Granddaddy's Trident and bring it back to the sea witch. Huh - when doing this, she runs out of the walrus couple named Penguin and Timon Pumb animals out of her departure? Wait ... no! That's not Timon and Pumbaa! Or is it? I can deceive myself. Anyway, I want to reveal more, but do anything that's good to guess. OK so ... the long story is small. The film is much more "lost" from other (better) Disney films ... and it's terrible. Come on ... tip and dash? Why the dash is sexually flatulent and does make it more clear ripoff! The Hague. Ariel's person's entire role is not slaughtered. She went from a freespirited, headstrong woman with a clone of her father. Not all is good ... they are basically telling us sweet and firey little mermaid we know that death and love are dead. Plus Melody is not such a great role for her ... she is annoying and annoying! And Brighty! Not to mention what they have been overturned. Hmm ... this piece you created-primarily-for-profit-reasons, no-imagination, ice-sponsored c ****** t, I'm probably on the Disney Channel or some other TV station. Because it is not worth the rental price. <br /> <br / * Out of the stars.
