I think it's basically a remake temple for Matthews despite some changes that delay it. Spoilers: This is original. Melody, sister of Aurill's new daughter Ursula, Morgana threatened. Morgana escapes, but she promises to take Melody from them. Sister of Ursula? And she is not a great villain like Ursula. It's similar to that. Médouille was placed off the sea until Morgan was seized, but she did not know a thing about it, because it was her baby. There is a wall palace surrounding her wall and Morgan. She goes today to wall and talk with Sebastian is not as funny or funny as she laughed. She finds a seasale with her name and runs away from home and finds Morgana for answers. There is a similarity here; Morgana Tricks melody, where she got a nice mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton look for her. To stay a mermaid she needs to steal trident from Triton. So Melody does, because she does not know that King Triton is her father. She makes friends with a penguin and a water hawker and is terrible here. Penguins living with an icy sea hates them because they are cowardly. So they try to prove to the heroes and fail. This little mermaid is not enough. And during the conversation between those penguins and those two letters the ear bleeding ear. Do you know why? The first is the great story. This is not one and is not magical. <br /> Melody finds them and helps Atlantica get her to prove themselves. When they take the trident, Ariel finds Melodina with Morgan. Her mother is angry to protect her from the melody sea, so she gives trace to Morgana, then she tightens her true colors. Poor Ariel and Melody are in her custody. Penguin and Watram begin to prove themselves when fighting Morgana's shark friend. Sorry I did not say before. They will eventually prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers reach out but are forced to quit before Morgana. Melody takes it, it throws it up to Triton and he morces Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologized for the apology and thought it was her fault. That's not it! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they did not say so. Trillon offers melody to live in the sea or in the ground. She actually has a "good idea". The man and the feminine coat will be used to trace her wall. Then everyone is singing a terrible song. <br /> It's obviously not the one who really liked it. I'm young because I do not like this. I liked it when I was little. When I was old, I started looking at what was bad about this film. Young, young children will enjoy it, but when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. Usually I have judged a movie and I recall when I see it again, but this is not. It's even worse. The story is no exception. If you read that, if you read this story is good, read this comment and you will find other bad points: well, you know this story. I am sorry it's for you, but I got to point out some bad episodes. One of the worst things is animation. The color is awful. The original is beautiful color. Looking at this made me to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design are not good. The original is beautiful, magical color and beautifully underwater landscape design and is happy looking at the ground as well. <br /> <br /> Music is unbearable. The music is worse than the first one. The songs are not well composed and Tara Strong (I think her name) melody can not sing. She sometimes sings a lot or does not track for melody in the song. To name the name "melody". And the music is not all beautiful or moving. The Little Mermaid 1 has won an Oscar and it really deserves it. <br /> <br /> Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now she is aged, no matter what she does, Her voice is very deep and not very beautiful and I am really disappointed in the first part and in the first part, if I chose the script for reading this movie, it's a bad movie The characters are now different, and Ariel is now more intelligent but annoying, they overstep her role, she is very mature, and it's not meant to change the characters unless you have a special reason for the sequels, she is the first sixteen. This is the stage when you become a lifetime of your life <br /> <br /> It seems to me that I hope my opinion is useful, because I'm sure many of you will agree with my opinion.
