Every time I see this film, I want to throw it away. If you take the first film, want to get out of the plot reverse (wanting to get out of the aerial ocean, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then the sharp animation and the biggest ghost factor, you get the Little Fish 2. It is primarily copied with a reflected plot of the first image. I'll take you by the horrors that I've entered. People from this 1st film: First Prince Eric and Prince Eric, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. Ariel is uptight, annoying, and not neglected, the headstrong spirit we've seen in 1st. In fact, she is the exact opposite. Sebastian is still less beautiful with Sebastian, less stressed out, and jokes are not just funny anymore. There are 2 lines of trap. He is now children and he speaks with a dumb nasal voiced. Stuttle is still a dumb scuttle not funny. The role of King Triton is probably the best, he is threatening and loving his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not give an owl about their daughter. <br /> As I said, using the characters from the first film they made and copying them. What they did: Ursula - she feels like a new evil villain Morgana, Ursula's shadow. If she showed me a knife in my door, I was afraid of her. She can not do anything correctly and she has failed as a villain. She made the same voice Ursula. Sebastian & Flounder - Probably most stupid sidekicks, tip & dash, a Wallace and a penguin have been replaced. They try to stay the hero, but they always fail when trying. The plot is so speculative. In the end will be leaders. Yawn. Flutonson & Jetsom - now shifted to 10x by a shark replacement trippton. Hess is also very bad. Morgana and Shark (Shurbite, I think his name) does not have chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid has been replaced by her un-lovely daughter, melody. Melody should not sing, her voice should have more than 2 octaves, and she punch her in the face because she is fake sugar sweet. She wants to go into the sea, she is blunt and the children are to be happy with her and find her. <br /> <br /> When looking at the film, the film is not only boring and unequal, it is no matter how bad it is. Some parts of the film would like to call Disney and demand to make such a horrific film a continuation of such a fantastic film. <br /> <br /> Comparing a little mermaid to the little mermaid 2 comparing to Casablanca and the Ed Wood film. Do not even see it when your bore is not there.
