The worst but sophisticated sci-fi movie that is fraught with unpleasant special effects, poor performance and ridiculous story. The film opens with a spaceship coming back from search on Mars and a man with a green mud on his arm. She, through some hokey plot contrivances, almost all tapes seemed to have disappeared magnetically and began to tell what had happened to this fateful trip. The fourth astronauts take this trip: Garry Mohar, a poor man's Humphrey Bogart, prefers the word "Irish" and has a chickenfish's performance, then Naura Hayden, a beautiful Red Hood and a unique female band, all curves, next, Les Tarmine, Excellent role actor from cheap sci-fi movies like this oddly, and Sammy's late, Jack Krusch a great role from the actor does not seem to be too bright even if the actor chooses for expert skill in a member of Brooklyn Jokes and electronics with three men wearing most formfitting suits. None of these performers really say any good, and with all their dialogue little confidence. See the trimine as he uses scientific nonsense! In fact, the best of these four films is Crischen - and it really tells a lot about this film. But bad acting aside, this film is different when they are doing flashback on Mars. The Red Planet also has real cheap budgets on Mars, because Mars is truly a large red color American american. When the story calls something Martin might look, there are drawings that are kept with a huge red color over them. They can tell you drawings We've got a bat-rat-spider with a 40-foot ball that looks like a mix of dead animals and possibly the worst of the monsters. The other important organ is the large amoeba with an assisting eye. This is it! These are bad. There is a nice drawing in a Martin City, but not enough in this movie. Despite these big problems, the Angry Red Planet is a fun bad movie. It's really lovely to see how it came up as a civilization. Most part of the film is so distorted. One person is using an electric rager with a cord and I thought they can get to Mars but they are still using cords. Director IB Melchori has also made a lot of interest to the film with budget hurdles, but his story and Sid pink does not fly. And how to end up with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
