A spaceship returns from Mars; Two months before, a 4-person trip was sent to the red planet. A flashback what a lot of the picture transpired there. The film is fraudulent, dramatic dialogue, unique to many of the fifties of science fiction. For example, the commander of the ship (Mohar) told the other member how to 'stay there' without any reason; Going to another place within the ship will cause a problem. After that, the commander orders two staff to remain on the ship and he goes out. Both ordered him to say 'what sort of thing' and get out of it; I'm traveling to this expedition. Talking about 'deafness', and 'Cleo' (the Cleopatra is the smallest, actually) is a freeze-ray gun hugging. <br /> <br /> If you do not drag the story, it will be at least funny funny. <br /> The whole thing is very slow; Astronauts spend much time looking at the window's portals (which change from red to blue), commenting on what they see, and are actually in the way they look outside. Martian landscape, filmed in 'Cinemagi', is similar to animation cut-outs or drawings painted by the Orange-red filter, in order to give the illusion that the actors interact with them, they are an odd surrealistic performance. But for 10 years I do not think of fools. A brilliant reference to the survival of the surviving astronauts that I found to be dishonest, thus describing Martian Vista's dubious nature. Oh, ok ... <br /> They began to explore me by some of the actions of astronauts; Right off the bat, they test their freeze gun with a plant, for it is murder, it's for hell. Then the female member wants to get a tree, but it becomes a spider-rat monster's hole. Nice, lady. Watch for the next time. On the Mars Planet 'intelligence' is depressed and one of the lowest living forms, one large amoeba and the exploits will attack. Acting is not very good. Mohr has a very serious technique, especially saying a line, and then suddenly a big smile, which always kills me - it reminds me! Terror from the Bear Space. The end is very negative. Do not expect any big revelations outside of 'no more tours' with a freeze gun called Cleo.
