Can you disclose a level grade product mile? Clearly British in style; Myth in the sense; International peopled by all the stars; Usually set in exotic atmosphere. This is a formula that Grade and his company employed at the beginning of the 80s in the ITC 70s, resulting in The Eagle Has Landed, Fire Power, and Titanic Rise! Grade March or Die in 1977, an exceptional old-fashioned foreign legion adventure that corresponds to all of the above features. Dick Richards is generally directed by reliable <br /> <br /> The foreign leagonaire company will soon be sent to Morocco, under the command of Foster General Foster (Gene Hackman). After World War I 1. Their mission is to protect an archaeologist by Francois Marneau (Max Von Sido). Archaeologists have conducted a mining at the ancient town of Erfood, but after the disaster of the former archaeologists, they were afraid to attack the Arab tribes. Is not Foster happy with the assignment? He does not consider the historical artifacts that lose his people's lives. Creates an ongoing tension between himself and Marneau, believing that legitricians should sacrifice their lives as much as possible. These problems grow when Simon Pikard (Catherine Deneuve), a beautiful lady legion. She is hoping to find out what happened to her father, a historian who stole Arabs when they first cleared the archaeologist team. With the passion of her presence in Legioneress, GPC thief Marco Segran (Terence Hill), originally a beautiful and courageous rogue, showing indifference to his legionor colleagues, but gradually increases. <br /> <br /> Jean Hockman and Terence Hill on the paper show that the duo is a heavy battle at Erfoud, who struggles with a group of Arab tribes. An imbalance ?? The role of Hackman Heavyweight Oscar winning actor, Hill, is a beautiful, limited Italian heartbreak from low budget spaghetti Westerns. Hawkman hopes to be in his counter on the screen. And, oddly, this gives Hackman a weak and unwilling performance, and Hill increases its game to a surprisingly high level. The film is portrayed in attractive desert locations, but the pace is awfully slow and some characters are valuable. Maurice Jarrey's music was exceptionally flat? It's very frustrating for us from the one who gave the Arabian score Lawrence. It is noteworthy that in the 70's it has been a nerve to attempt an old-style adventure of this type (it was in the 30s and has been forgotten all decades). Sadly, gambling is not really paid This obedience is more than a march to the oldest legion eugark flicks.
