In Shaw's variation, Ram Gopal Verma enters the blockbuster known as the unpaid landscape taken by a new shape. Thakur passes south. Mohan Lal is the Inspector of Police Narasimha, whose family has been murdered by Madras style. Contrary to North from Thakur, the voice belongs to South India. Separate Thakur's hands by gaber is also reduced to the fingers in the aag. Costs are deducted as there is no effort to hide the hands while covering armpits for cut fingers. Thakur used the climax of his legs as "Tere Lii Mere name hai kaifi hi", where nursimha uses his finger pistols to fire the gun and kill the villain. Baben, Gabber's new flight is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambia. Gabbar's infamous laughter is also in two installments at this time and is further suppressed. Bobby asks for Dibawl instead of Toby and Urmila's love to replace Helen in Mehbooba. He dances with Abhishek starring Jalal Agha in Nahababah and he enjoyes this dance. He killed the apple and asked the question of Isaac Newton's gravity laws. The auto driver is more verbose than Basmant than Ghungro. Nisha Kothari can not play the auto driver and the words are more artificial when 'entertainment' and 'too much' gay bans. Ajay Devgan played a bad role. God speaks of the Bassand incident and shooting lessons and the Koi Hasini song and water tank sequences are painful. The water tank turns out well and the drunken Degunan is very bad in the view that the audience wants to commit suicide. Jai is composed and serious. Prasanthi Raj is better than others because we can not expect anything from him. But in the Mousie sequence he is also a bungalow. He was not in the jail as the mouth of the mouth. Jaya played the role of Sushmita. A pure housewife becomes a physician at full-time social service at this time after her husband kills. She also does not have the pain of Jaya. Her maturity with Jai is further opened this time. Samba gets a big role this time. He does not need guns to refer to Gabber's questions at this time. He goes there and follows Baban and looks more visually on the outside of the den. Horses give jeeps and auto routes. Where Gabbar's hideout is changing and Ramgarh turns into Karginz. There is more spoof than anything else. RGV Classic comes with its own commentary. But three decades later, we must remember that our minds do not accept the stylistic reforms and the changed conversations. So we call this a spoof. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Dawn) and JP Dutta (Umrao John) to make remixes and stop making originally.
