I will not go with the appropriate words to describe the horror that I think of sitting in the movie and watching the director's heartfelt attempt to present the classic Bollywood western, Sholay tribute to Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag. The biggest problem with Varma reconstruction is that he did not even try to make a credible film. It is clear that the Varma heart is not in every frame for this film. The best thing to watch on the screen is a gimmick in the filmmaker, and you are worried to see what he really has done for the movie that he tells all fans of his life. Several bad movies over the years have seen, but I can not remember that there is a lot of violence to sit like this. Some of your images test your patience, because you can survive the whole movie. Verma can be taken from his pictures and original images, but his version is uncommon and not empty of any of the soul and power of Sholay. Ram Gopal Varma Aag is actually a ridiculous of the timeless gem, because everything turns out that this is not the original film - the way-top-tall, too long-boring, and totally stupid. The more you like Sholay's time are known by Verma and for that you would like to smell his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay is that Dharmendra threatens to ward off the watertone and threaten to jump to his death. Ajay Devgan is the hero who is threatening to shoot his gun. He has withdrawn the trigger and wants to save us all the harassment. Although Ramagopal Varma Ki Aag is not only a remake of Shaley, it is a very bad endeavor, a stand-alone film. Error-damaging background score is to wear anybody in the kitchen, and alternatives to the camera work between dramatic and head rotating. The horrific crime scene in this funniest movie is the film's dead movie actors. Sushmita Sen plays the role of Devi in ​​the film, as the film is very intense, disrupting her lines with disruptions, acting as a camera for influence, and generally displaying her life. Narasimhamga Mohan Lal struggles with his Hindi dialogue and struggles to distribute some of his leading career lines. There was no acting chops to speak in the role of the newcomer Prashant Raj Jai-equals Raj and the dazzling density of Amitabh Bachchan failed to act in the original movie. Asha hero, the new-age, Ajay Devgan was totally humorous and humorous in his efforts. But the film's weak link, easy shocking casting decision as Ghunghroo Nisha Kothari, who stepped into the shoes of Hema Malini as Balanti, an attractive airhead from Shola. Nisha Kothari is not the only worst actress in this country, but this is the worst actress in the whole world, giving her the annoying term meaning, and she will make you wreck your wrist every time on the screen. After that, Amitabh Bachchan Baban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's Hindi film's most popular villain Gabbar Singh. Bachchan produces a terrible character, playing the only actor and subsequent to the band, which recognizes the film's over-the-top tone. He understands that he is a comic book villain when he snarls and sneers and hisses and hams, and he does all that good effect. But because he is trapped in such a tragic organization, his performance does not help him to rise up.Here it's shocking, I'm losing ten and two thumbs for Ram Gopal Varma Aag, seeing that painful movie experiences you are not even an enemy. Verma was not remade earlier. With Sarkar he gave us a smart, grab take on the godfather, and he is a pity made by this shoely bhature from the classic who has loved this. Ramgopal Varma Aag is his worst career decision, which is a dark spot on his resume. He will never get embarrassed. Ramgopal Varma ka Dag is suspected to have fallen in film history.
