Anna shows "the true fact of the age of all actors, and sometimes, deteriorating. Anna's America is her security ring, the role she trusts in her house, and did she make no mistake? But she declined to refuse her to do her unfaithful work. When she comes to life, she is not afraid to allow others, and she is hard, hopeful, stubborn and proud to leave them at a moment's notice. Anna flip-flops between personalities, which makes this film an ideal of an aging star, but not a viewer's idea. "Anna" has been praised for her ability to get her star Sally Kirkland, and "grungy" for the role, but a month in 2008, "Anna" will not be the mainstay of cinema culture. <br /> <br /> Director Eureka Bogayevics has a message hidden in "Anna" politically and socially about the lies of Czechoslovakia, but Kirkland refuses to ignore her. Boaguevich is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to allow Kirkland to stand, and when you go out of the picture, it's not afraid to say that it's Kirkland you remember. If this is not clear, the film does not sit well for me. From the depths of the first and second of the first action, "Anna" was considered as a high school theater product. The characters do not exist, there is no bright precedent, no definition of time or space. Sally is Kirkland, saying she is better than other actresses who compete for the same lifestyle she wanted. Incidentally, her friend and a young girl traveled long distances to go to the United States for glitz and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) built a friendship that would break all the walls. It is mentally boring and unbelievable. Again, incidentally, did we meet Anna's Prince Daniel (played by weak Robert Fields) who brought nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? Only to increase attention on Kirkland's Anna. Within two hours of intervals, along with rare roles, along with random actions, and creating a story that is encountered by loose threads, and Sally Kirkland. Orga, but it will continue to tell me but Anna may have been a fantastic movie with Anna, Daniel and Christinaan, and then we are forced to emphasize emotional scenes in a one-handed game <br /> <br /> Charles Theron " Monster "inspired her beauty-less role, or where the Halley Berry is in" Monster Ball " Photos? One of the early actresses of Sally Kirkland shines in their direction by letting them go for an Oscar? Throughout the film I hated Kirkland's Anna character, and Bogauwicz is no excuse for any inadequacies. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who does not work hard for her parts, does not care for others, and generally excitedly? Yet are we feeling sympathetic for her? At the beginning of the film, she strengthens what she wants to do to others, and she gets upset when she does not get her way. Certainly, aging actresses have that appeal, but Kirkland creates a child's character instead of eighteen. "Anna" improves. If it's a maturity of Kirkland, I'll do it gabberd, but this refrained child can not believe Hannah. By the end of my favorite scene, when Anna was looking at one of her older movies (including absurd characters) and movie Burns, this scene was also my favorite. Anna created herself extraordinary life, creating films, building a dream, and wanting to enter the spotlight to anyone, she is jealous and angry. It did not do this for a role I wanted to stand behind or win the Oscars. The classic 80s background synthesizer, the worst over-the-top wardrobe, and the displacement ended (where did it come from and what happened ??) "Anna" fell far apart in the spectacular film range. It's a show-piece, an aging star would yell an hour in the world of star. <br /> <br /> It worked in this movie, but I do not think I'll be deceived again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not say I'm impressed with this film. "Anna" is not about aging film actress; It's about Sally Kirkland, and just Sally Kirkland. Bogeyevich tries to do more with the story, but he fails because Kirkland does not allow him or lacks enough support to support the story. The film has one or two good scenes, but it promotes the film as innovative or effective. Does Bogayevicz believe audiences do not create a character, tear for it, or dedicate a Sunday afternoon? He created an annoyance. Kirkland is not Anna, she is an actress overdone a bit over her and playing side of the player. Perhaps I've lost the scope of this film, but movies like this work are a cooperative cooperative for everyone. It's not here. In "Anna", Kirkland Daniel was ordered to act as a dog (apparently a formal act) and a whole emotional scene, but I could not help but love the Kirkland set. She did not star in the film, she was transformed into her own product and "Anna" failed because of it. Did not I suggest this to anyone? From one check to another? Skip! <br /> <br /> Grade: ***** ***** (That unhealthy theater killed me for the scene)
