I can not keep this presentation! Has a plate line made at any time even a ransom quality, a funny punchline, or "no" average viewer wish to drown himself in a bowl of short cornflakes? <br /> Voices. Oh, those terrible, wretched tones. Akin has been repeatedly exposed to a sharp blackboard, and each character is particularly annoyed for his nose and nose vocals. Cosmo sounds like a whining mongrel, Vicky sounds like a stereotypical shrew, and Timmy's father makes every line sound like a bad deception of a game show host (Guy Smiley comes from the "Sesame Street"). <br /> <br /> The animation is awful; The producers are also "Yu-gi-oh!" Smile at this show with a gross evil art. Each character is very large in three sizes of buck teeth, or a square head, or head or his body. And what does each line of characters have to speak with wide-eyed and laughing while pretending for a photo with the President? Then, each character in the show is completely moronic. Rare characters from Amelia Bedellia, Homer Simpson, and Bardie Lambbach's gentle pen of fame "Charles in Charge" have been featured. Is usually synonymous with "unreal" "unfunny", and this is most definitely here. <br /> <br /> This is not a splash in terms of clues from "The Naked Gun 33 1/3" ... and at least Leslie Nielsen is good. <br /> Finally, the premise of the show (Timmy seeks something with his two "Fairly Odd Papance", that if something went wrong, there were some notable reasons why he could not reverse the course immediately, Oh, and on one hand note, when Vicky complains about Timmy's talent Perhaps it is not a great idea for me to have a cryptic message that makes me feel good, but it's a child performance and it's pretty good to say on an abusive breeder. When you write a paper and the quality of the cartoons fall, "The Fairly Odd Parents" A great place to be in. The television is a prime example of producers, aimed at children, with little or no effort, targeting, see someone somewhere knows that somewhere.
