In the questionable comic vein of Mel Brooks, "Mole Moses!" <br /> <br /> There is no real story here, just the excuses to undermine the weak comedian talent in underlying colleges. Dudley Moore and Lauren Newman are on the bus journey of the Holy Land, when they fall across an ancient scroll in a cave. Where they read the story of Herschel and Jerelda, Moore and Newman. Hersheil life Moses'. He sent the river to send Moses when he was in Pharaoh's family. Herschel's father, James Coco, Herschel becomes Herschel's slave after being protected by sculptors and worked as a sculptor. Herschel finally comes to work as an astronomer to the pharaoh, exiled, and Moses lays the sheep lamb. Herschel thinks that the brothers and sisters are married in Hershell and Moses in the law, and God chooses to free his people in Egypt. However, Moses accepted the divine sentence, but Herschel mistakenly understood. I will break here to laugh at you ... break ... However, the rest of the film, Moore and the actors, are badly written scenes that make "special performances". <br /> <br /> These scenes do not lead the plot to provide any short story to the grinding halt. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dome Delus probably had three lines when he met Herschel in the desert. John Haussman was a priest who gave the same line readings he gave in "The Paper Chase". David L. Fake blind man who was "healed" by Launder Herschel. Andrea Martine is one of Zerelda's sisters. Whether Madeline Kahn wants, she gives a ride to Hershell, and a minute and a half screen time. John Ritter plays the most inaccurate Devil. Richard Pierre has a scene of pharaoh, but Moore is filmed at a different time than the scene, because the two do not appear on the screen! Eventually, after the destruction of New Sodom, after looking back on the heck, Zerelda becomes a salt pillar. Herschel gives Moses the writing of the Ten Commandments, and they are all cool. In final scenes, screenwriter Herschel lure decide to try and defend this shallow image into an argument with God. God only gives him ten commandments through him as a powerful bully who leads Herschel for his own entertainment. We also have Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways," so excusing everyone's very unristenian behavior in the movie <br /> This film is not funny. There is a smile to look somewhere. At Monte Python, "Life of Brian" is the fun of many religious mainstream religions, questioning their lifestyle and questioning about Jesus' life, but humor poo jokes and characters are constantly eating their heads. Mel Brooks is like Merchant / Ivory. Churchgoers are not by the attitude of the film towards religion, but the image by self-esteem displays, they are impressed with their own hoitytoityness (I know, not a word) on one thing they obviously do not know anything. "Totally Moshe!" Absolutely bad, and everything is embarrassing. <br /> It is rated by some physical violence, obscenity, sexual orientation, and adult conditions (PG).
