What is the worst amount? When the actions of a film revolve around the plane, the authors / producers / director (or anyone else) think at least one FEW details will do at least some work. Mistakes that glimpse the moment I am at the end of the film. Here are some: I'm happy to miss the SR-71 series - some of "Air Force One" is worse than the F-117 scene. Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the flight of Bean 747 instead. The director is likely to use (less) of some Boeing advertising / campaign footage. External wiring housing wiring by wire nuts, low low multi-million dollar aircraft avianics wiring is average at best. 747 aircraft such as the ship supply pressure alone to oxygen supply to maintain respiratory air, and if they depend on the onboard supply, the size of the canister size is larger. Medical tape thread is not a suitable alternative to the tube conduction. They are F-16s, NOT F-15s. Mock 1+ (sound speed) is difficult to achieve with a static engine running (see aerospace indicator) for takeoff. The "standard structure" keeps just within a naval mile, the "root" structure they are flying - not the most useful structure for disruption. The airline does not have the opportunity to "get a missile lock" to attract pilot attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not inter-flight communication for preparing any fire. Depressiveization is not the cause of immediate upright left bank since opening a door in the plane. Going into the headset does not broadcast it. Magnetic headers are not "bearings", and titles are similar to 001 and 360 degrees (in the air compass are the compass in the ground!), So turning left ("not"?) Is stupid from a "bearing" from 618 to 502. It's just impossible to "turn left yoke up" to reach the correct title in most cases ?? That kind of thing, the yoke is concentrated in 360 degree rolls. As soon as a flight attendant finds and successfully passes the autopilot, the jet is slightly higher than the probability of landing. Airplans can not stop immediately after the throttle reloads, and 747s have more than one lever to control the multi-engine thrust. Usually after the landing gear extension and immediately landing, seconds (better way to crash) can reduce flips early. Wheel brakes need to stop an airplane, just throttle (s) (at this time a different lever) depicting just slow pace allows you to go to the end of the runway. Do I know that the fighter is F-16s and F-15? What I did and what I remember from watching this horrible film recently.
