The film is high in religion, so it is impossible to separate from religion in commenting. In my opinion, the film pretends to explore the deepest issues, but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; With a little real insight. People in the picture (hence the author) could not show mercy. Failing to understand that God is a beauty writer and he is the creator of the hobby and sexual satisfaction in the right context of the wedding bonds. People in the community based on the story believe that nudity is believed to be sinner, and the understanding that the woman and the woman enjoying marriage are dirty. Such stereotypes do not really exist, because the Jewish scriptures speak frankly about a diligent husband to have his wife before his wife. A man loves his wife like his own flesh, and no one hates his own flesh, but he chooses it and chooses it as precious. If you want to ignore the New Testament, passages and writers and characters from the Old Testament Song of Solomon will be completely ignored, and "Rejoice with your younger wife, and let her breasts always satisfy you!" It can be read in any way than it is known to God's attitude, marital association and experience smiles on it ? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. The basic teaching of Jewish / Christianity was rejected. God did not say those things. This is irrelevant. Sonia rebelled because of the false conduct of the true God's teachings of Abraham. This is not necessary. How sad Not traditional, Sonia is very much needed. Learning, loving and obedient to God, we love others more; Before us. This is God's faith in Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph. For the saints distribution once; Jesus Christ was bought and paid by righteous people. But alright, ignore all this and abandon the ancient, holy Scripture and the wisdom of the homeless & ghosts. That's a good plan. I will never recommend this movie; Because partly sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, because it does not really provide any valuable insight. Check out the "Antel" if you want to see the more useful treatment of the Jewish tradition in the community unequal.
