Is this comedy or not a drama? I started this review by asking this question because the movie that I saw was not Hollywood shuffle, funny or dramatic. Despite lack of definition (comedy or drama), the intellectual themes and angles of comments have been lost, even though it is very difficult to make a point. I do not believe that most of the races in Hollywood are the strongest of all, and even today the start of Townsend's direction has stopped. Instead, I added fire to more fuel. The comic timing of Townsend was disastrous in the film, which he campaigned instead of being ridiculed and contrary to it. Severe episodes were destroyed by the poor shortage of funny comedy. Townsend has a good feeling in the film, but sadly the film is ultimately murdered. If you watch the preview of the movie (which I was constantly doing), you will get the wrong impression of what you're about to see immediately. This preview will enthusiast the intellectuals of a very intelligent, humorous movie enthusiast, but in fact it is not true. <br /> <br /> The storyline is not a major problem with Hollywood shuffle (since it is not elaborated); It is directed by Townsend. He has an amazing feeling with this movie. Use our race Hollywood. Good idea, but why can not he run well? The first reason is that his thoughts are quite random and occasionally. The film's structure is similar to looking at a heart attack on a monitor in the hospital, we literally have every alert or map everywhere. The townsend is only a little bit to say, but there is only a time to do it. So, defining his characters, developing his backgrounds, and actually creating a smart image, he throws it all together and begs it to work. Sadly, it does not. Instead of smart comedy, we have a lot of ideas, comedy skeletons, and the hedgehog of the undesirable actors, the film is almost out of sight. Which townsend is very good, the film is funny and disruptive. Townsend's attempt to talk a message about falters in the film industry hampered by a villain called Cirkel & Ebert, a humorous brawl. These small intermittent skits are actually distracting and intruding from the focal point of the film. Although Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he actually connects with each stereotype and cliché in the book. <br /> <br /> If you think you can not laugh at the story of this story, there's a little comfort in knowing. Some of the Weimans Brothers help to make this thick story glistening. Wrong! Weines is in the film, but Townsend has the potential to bring the worst in this entertaining family. Surely in living color moments in their front, we see that the comedy is something that needs to be constantly improved upon. Maybe it's directed by Townsend or maybe this is a horror story, but these distinctive funny comedians are clearly underused and neglected when the film's critics come. I had a real stab at the funny, bright, and clear Hollywood chaos with a talent pool that pulled out from the Hollywood shuffle of tulsend. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to say this is a workable film. Some moments that have a smile on my face (when they are lower and between the way), the final product does not fix me well. Townsend is funny, but it is felt that he is playing against him through his personal experiences and difficulties. I realized that he would probably speak the truth, but it never came. Instead, we are baked by a weak story, which supports the careless flash clips that worked for sitcom, but did not necessarily work for the film. I did not agree with it as he directed it and commented that he learned from this film. If you start up a fresh, there are a hard script or defined themes. Townsend was none of these, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he was simply failed at the ball of the flames. <br /> <br /> Overall, it is very frustrating to see. It reminds me of a grade school spelling bee in the name of your child's time spell eventually. The word is tough, but when you get the first two to three characters you think that it works perfectly, but that random "P" and silent "R" make your enthusiasm diminished. How did I feel with Hollywood shuffle? First, I saw the potential, I saw the intention behind the film with the image and intention but after the first couple of mess and inexperienced technique and scenes, I experienced that deep fall. I do not think that Townsend drowned its own ship on this ship, and the Hollywood shuffle would always be a key moment for Hollywood movie. <br /> Grade: * ***
