How much did Al Pacino have for me to play in this film? This film is absolutely horrific. People have found that, after reading some of the other reviews, that a couple of people really enjoyed this picture, really deeper puzzles, because someone in their right mind could probably not see how someone would enjoy a movie as awesome as the revolution. It's not just a bad movie, with a lame story and total strangeness, but the filmmakers either mentally retarded (this is a very explanation of why the movie sucks like this, but it probably still absorbs when compared to other movies) or If the deliberate decision of each source, the film sucks as much as possible Are adversely. For example, Donald Sutherland looks on his face with a huge fat ugly trap. He is not usually mole. Mole does not add to his role. It is very ugly and disorganized. This is not Robert's Nero's mole; It's very bad. Why did the hell he had a mole? As filmmakers have just said, "Let's see what this film does more than we have already? I know Mr. Sutherland gives him a big, ugly-donkey traitor on his face." <br /> Another example of the stupidity of filmmakers is the role Ned. We'll look for the first three episodes of the young Ned. At one point, "six months later" will appear on the screen. We see again, and this is the same actor who plays a boy. Five minutes later, "Three Weeks" will appear on the screen, and suddenly we now act as a different actor as the old Nude. Do they think we are idiots? Good God! Again, the filmmakers say, "How can we possibly make it worse? I can not think of it ... wait wait! I have a terrible idea!" I know the kid does not grow in half a year, it's fine, but he grows over at least three weeks. Just do not get another actor to play Nude, or at least five minutes when he is three weeks old. Moreover, the kid who plays the "old" node is not older than the "youth" node. In fact, he looks more than just a different, scissor, and bigger or bigger than the original actor, which is a new and different character, like any rational man. <br /> <br /> What did they do when they were filming the movie? He was for the first hour and a half, and suddenly after three weeks, the guy from the lock stack and two smoked barrels played for the last five minutes. Even if the original actor dies, the filmmakers have to have at least one actor in the cast to play the rest of the role, and shoot back five minutes of scenes "six months later". That movie should be realized that they will succeed and that they will waste more money and time to finish it because good and just do not completely release the film and never complete it, never let anyone know about it. <br /> <br /> I can not say that this film is not very bad. Let's see how bad it looks. Terrible, terrible.
