His brilliant actor, Al Pacino completely overthrew the revolution, and his method of getting caught in total independence is an illiterate livestock role that is completely caught in the war. Most accusations are directed by director Hugh Hudson (yes, let's talk about what's happening to the person who made two firefighters just two years ago!). Marshall is one of the director's many jobs, but Hudson allows Pacino to avoid any temper in this regard. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Al's career-less performance prevents the film: there are many other errors with the revolution, most of which are later said. <br /> <br /> Uneducated treper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north - the East of the United States with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Will he lead a normal life ?? He lived on earth, raised his son and lived on things. The country is headed by English colonists, but a revolution takes place after the defeat of the British in the Eight Years (1775-83) and the emergence of an independent American nation. Dobbe was caught in the events when his boat and his son were captured by the Continental Army? By wiping out the events that they can only understand, Dobbs finds that they are struggling for a bloody engagement after another for their lives and freedom. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnah (Natazza Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of the ancestors of the British aristocratic ancestry. Their banned love struggle is played against big historical subjects. <br /> Where to start with image errors? Are many key actors playing badly? Pacino is adequately criticized, but Donald Sutherland is undoubtedly Kinsky's registrant lord when he is a ruthless English soldier with a satirical Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is confusing in trying to bring personal historical events to the individual level. At any time, it determines anyone to be an epic war film with considerable drawings that are used to study a closer role with the American Revolution or to take the story. As a result, the book "little story" from the "grand amusement" is nothing but indestructible and meaningless. The score of John Corigliano was terrible, and poured out on trials without thoughts or subtlety. Hugh Hudson's directing was negligence of Pacino and other key actors, and it is noteworthy that both the decision to use the camera-shaking camera work during the action sequence. The idea of ​​a hand-held camera is the idea of ​​"being there" in the chaos of war and musset fire. Like many other things in the movie, it does not work. The film is a division of the nature of dignity, with clothes, sets and weapons that are periodically accurate. However, if you are curious to go to the museum to spend your time, this is a time frame, but even an exciting movie experience revolution does not even begin to grade. The British film industry that never gets worse than £ 18,000,000 mega-bomb suffered ill health in the mid 1980s.
