What great word is "re-imagining" Did they not call Dawn of Dead MMIV (2004)? It's a remake of "The Remake", which disguises the word of everyone's hate, and makes the process of making a process almost as creative and participating as it involves. Good, I'm misleading. <br /> <br /> Even though it played a role, I was more impressed by the countless gore and unbridled violent thinking than the concept of "re-imagining". Directors only do this for some reason: to update an image to modern audiences, or to personally love their original love and to pay attention to it. An obituary, if you did. However, it usually boils up to one thing (I do not accept the exclusion): stealing one's idea (or "re-imagining"), so that they can not see or pay the money to see it. It's like the Coles' / Cliffs Notes; Dump everything in a blender, more blurry and more interesting and all to throw in some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing plan. <br /> What is wrong with this? Well, I'll start with what I like. I liked the opening sequences. Thanks to CGI and a big budget we tried to communicate originally by a little bit we could actually get a hold of the zombie Holocaust Romero's chaos. City of chaos, see thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look pretty on the screen. <br /> <br /> This set up will lead you to somewhere. The picture will do almost every remake. It adds everything except the character, the atmosphere, the story. It is only the sound, (in some sense) the bloodthirsty, and the more fully the main characters appear to die in involuntary subjects. The mall arrangement of the original film's story and the crucial role in the plot is entirely coincidental. This idea was introduced in Romero's film, where the pure ecstatic pleasure of having a "mall you like a castle" has gone. Yet, this is no moxie to "re-imagine", no soul, no balls. This is not audiences and does not bother to get us interested in the characters or story (probably pretty much). The silent interactions of the original characters of the original film are depicted and not painted. You have really taken care of those people in the Romero version because there is an actual reality in their existence despite the madness outside the mall. <br /> Here, you do not care when you go or who goes: how are they going? <br /> What do they say? The picture is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and seeks to rest with gore and loudly special effects. As a story, this is really very choppy and does not progress to save conflicts between later characters. Humor is also reduced to a few liners (and really good character: Andy). After that, what's up? The oppressive, arbitrary ambiguity of the original film is obviously ridiculous and very small. But, even though it's a bad movie (not as bad as some other reconstructions), it should be remembered: It kicked the Passion of Christ from the number 1 spot in the box office. Well done zombies.
