The film is a pure 'Hollywood Hookah'. It is based on a novel called 'Not to Irrow'. Not too deep 'Richard Sale, it may or may not be interesting; Take research to find it! The story in the film has given many novels and a lot of background, although it is obviously in the novel, there is not a somewhere in the movie, so the film is trivial or cut from the start of the screenplay. The film does not have a millisecond, it is remotely realistic, in terms of events or characters. This is pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Lucas and Peter Lorry, have not been used and wasted, and there is no point in the film. They have to be mixed to the mixture, hoping that the flavor has been improved by sprinkling pieces of omelet that are cut into small pieces. The film is a marvelous attempt to make a 'moral tale', and it's ridiculous. The story refers to some hardened criminals who have been imprisoned in French French Guiana, who want to escape from their French migrant jail by a jungle (a hollow set of jungle with a very dirty snake). Obviously, the story has a woman, so Joan Crawford, one of the escaped convictions, claims to be a subterranean-her-her-luck tramp that causes some of the reasons for Clarke Gabbley. Wearing in the wild, wearing crawford high-heeled boots and keeps her makeup fresh. The bubbling makes flirts and grimaces and mawkish expressions, crushing his forehead as his custom, smirking and looking everybody, which is his manner of acting. Clarke Gable is hard to make such a character difficult as a hard-line criminal. (Care-seekers are too busy to steal and people are not deserving of a task that people can not see.) Total consciousness is very ridiculous, it's just light fun. Apostate and 'depth' is an attempted attempt by the story, which is a mysterious 'angelic grace' that voluntarily walks in jail and acts as a prisoner. He helps in the escape and all criminals and ministers help find their 'peace' in their last gasps, together with their different deaths. Ian Hunter, who holds this character in the unbelievable wind of mysterious knowledge, makes me laughing, cryptic, and gives him a little space for his face to give him a heavenly lightning. The theme is meant to be liberated. You can call the Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Moral Goes and Gets Heavy'. For true depth, Hitchcock's 'I Confession' of 1953 shows how to really do it. In contrast, this part of the lowest nonsense shows how to show the bareboards to understand in Thinsel Town, and when they go to understand what they have been able to do, you get more tinted shining.
