Sammy Horn (Michael des Bourrez) is the chief chef and owner of a popular restaurant in California. He is a lovely wife, a pregnant grace horn (Rosanna Arquette), and a beautiful son at the age of five. Sammy loves his family, but he has sex with many women such as Dr Jekel and Mr. Hyde. Dr. Jen Bordeaux (Nestsso Kinski) is trying to help him. Well, this is my fault: I've read a summary of other IMDB user comments, I have seen the IMDB user rating, but I really do not believe Rosanna Arquette and Nastassa Kinsky can participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out, in fact some comments were very much remorseful. The storyline, screenplay, and dialogues are very silly and ridiculous, and we can also find intelligent stories in some X-rated movies. Photography seems to be taken by VHS camcorder in some areas and is so inhuman and innocent. Michael Des Barreus does not have a ridiculous sense: an old man is acceptable in the statement of the bald, boy boy's viagra or grandfather. But gets a glamorous person and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In Wood Allen's comedy, he's probably got a chance, but in the "serious" film, it's funny. I recognize why you agree to take part in awful, unproductive and worst films like Rosanna Arquette and Nastassa Kinski. Do they need money? Is there a lack of good films in their ages? Are they friends of the `director '(sorry using this term) and decided to help and encourage him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention is to show her breasts of silicone, such a great actress would accept such a script. The same beautiful Nastassja applies to kink. Without any glamor, she made her fat. Not one of the most beautiful actresses in film history. One fact is really tough to me: how does the reader encourage the reader with a personal interest, high rating or write positive comments about this film? Are they the 'director' (again, will I use this word ...) or the cast of the cast? It sounds strange to me if I like such an image as a simple IMDB reader. <br /> The title (Brazil): `Vicido Em Sesoso '(` Sex In Sex')
