This trashy B movie seeks to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction, but it really does not need a poor for a sexplayoitation image. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (mysterious name) by Michael des Bourse. Sammy is a clueless wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a restaurant with a young child. He has sexually addicted and has five minutes of humbly sex, and he agrees to any woman in his own eyes (every woman on the planet appears to be fond of social security, but the story is concentrated in a dialogue with his doctor (Nastassa Kinski) Where he explains through his sexual exploits by everyone on flashbacks <br /> <br /> It is difficult to find out why the film is badly criticized, and the production values ​​are incompatible, a TV soap opera (best) and someone else in the garage The film was shot in the video somewhere between an amateur pornography shot. <br /> <br /> Women usually look forward to dealing with a slave like sex and with some side effects when eating their satisfied appetite. As an example, Grace's sister finds her sleeping and knows that she is going to tell her wife That's the case. His response was to lift up the wall and start raping her. Three seconds in it she has an epiphany and she begs him to give her more of her sex disciples. They finished to walk on the Grace and told Sis she said, 'Oh, you're great to watch, pick up Timmy and watch' and of the word about Sammy's indiscretions. Reliable bond is closed with a good riot. It's not a spoiler, it's obviously clear if anyone can imagine anyone who first saw fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Sexual depictions are all over-the-counter, mechanical, and much less simulated than romantic. Most of these participants dressed up completely. Acting was hit. Michael Des Barrer offers rain all the depth of rain. He really seems to get into thrusting and obscenity of sex parts, but when it comes to acting with Arquette and Kinsky, he is adrift. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to the actor in the film, giving her bearable performance and finally realizing that when she finally realizes that her perfect husband is a broken animal. Narrissa Kinski treats very kindly as a physician, but we do some acting here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of artificial bodies, they 'hit me hard, what's the best you can do?' <br /> This is one of the greatest witnesses I've ever seen. There is a suspicion that I have seen thousands of movies. I gave a rare confusion to give 1/10 a rating. No meal should be seen within three hours.
