This scene is 42 minutes long, and I have seen it for a while. F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) have been lounging on the beach, suddenly things have changed for a long time and Sheilah will begin to cry - she has been saying her lover about the immoral past. In this "dramatic scene" so terrible rings and gentleness is how stupid it will be to help my wife turn it ... it all becomes dull as it has reached a dramatic music television that has been rising with a fraudulent intensity. No one has moments of experiences like this - no one. Now, I can not tell how much the rest of the movie is, but this particular moment is laughably bad and it's a fake like a $ 8 Rolex - and leads me to assume that some of the other reviewers are correct - a lot of film bunk. However, I am not an expert in the lives of these two people and the Internet does not seem to be clear. <br /> F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheila Graham and what's really their relationship? I know what Fitzgerald is about, but it looks different from what I see in the film. Is he happy and good man who first watching in the film? Well, he was carrying with Graham and considering the same time he drank like a fish, I'd assume he would not. Is he bad and impatient as we see in the next picture? And someone you'd like to see in a picture - probably, but if he had been with him in this evil and yet Mrs. Graham, then this would make the outside to be a complete duplicate. And, if he does not, then the movie will make a poor disservice to his memory. Either way, it's made for a painful and especially pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The whole story of this movie appears to be the story of people who are not particularly fond of or both healthy. In a dark and sophisticated way, all of this may be quite entertaining, but most surprisingly along the way wreck a train is sure to see it! "Why did they choose to make this in the first place?" With unpleasant but expensive construction values ​​(especially music, lovely but the way above) begs the question. Bottom line - It's a pretty bad movie around you and probably not worth your time - even if you're a big Gregory Peck fan.
