You may want to know that I'm not Mormon, rather than a good number for those who review this movie. As I said this, you can have a lot of difference from those who have faith, as you see in the movie. For some people, criticism of this film can seem to be a critic of faith - that is not my intention. So, looking out of my review and trying to learn more about who the person and his people are. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt if I have learned so much. As a teacher of history, I have a good basic understanding of Young, as well as Joseph Smith, as well as the teachings of the Church. The film seems to be pretty good-shine because - someone will probably be disappointed to see this film to really learn something - very acting and very unrealistic in its role. Plus, you do not have to practically learn anything about the beliefs of the Church rather than the good people, work hard and have some wives (the latter part is simply not clear in the picture). Instead, people are almost like cartoon in their simple films. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angels and mormons, all the devils and Brian Donne (exactly the same character played by Edward G. Robinson in the Ten Commandments) It's all too easy ... very easy. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young has been a very complex figure - many good points (an excellent manager and visionary) as well as bad (I do not even launch his opinions about blacks within the church or marriage). It is just plain silly to paint him in such vague words. It's like playing the role of Gandhi in the film with Ben Kingsley - the facts that led to him almost super-human being. Heck, now I think about it, there's a lot of religious images that are - they are often a dimensional, right and bland. <br /> <br /> In reality, we have a full image of a person who has to adhere to the facts. <br /> <br /> Now you can ignore the fact that you can not learn much about faith. Or its second leader, the film is enjoyable enough. Someone is clear at the 20th Century-Fox, both of whom are prominent actors (Tyrone Power), actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price), and the cast of the casting character (Dean Jagger, John Karadain and Brian Donole). The film has an amazing location shooting and a lot of explanations. It's not too much to tell us other than us "bloat". Plus, there are plenty of virtually errors and some just plain mute scenes. Shortly after Joseph Smith died (noting it three years later), Young Memon did not mention tribes and splinter groups, and talked about "gold in California" - although 1847 and gold were not recognized until 1948, not specifically referring to polygamy or many of Smith's wives. Just plain mute scenes cadridin pulling a gun and moving the scene in court - and no one cares - even though it is quite a hostile audience! <br /> If at least one judge removes it and scares people with it? No, I do not see this film when it shows American Movie Classics (which is a great station that has sunk a lot in recent years). While criticizing the film because I had the simplest message, I was worried with full disrespect to having the station and its traditions station. What is my purpose? The film is a punctuation with advertisements for penis expansion formulas and tons of pop-ups (in some advertisements that contain "sexist cast"). Speak disrespectfully and grossly, and they hurt me if they do any other religious images. If they did, they insulted the faith but suppressed their market - for all, who heard about these things and about Brigham Young's life? This image, in this way, can you show your children or recommend others?
