I heard bad things about cache fever. This will change, the first film from the new Impressionist Eli Roth, which is so much more difficult when both of the IQ score movies are reduced. There are no worse movies, and certainly more Gothie ones (although I do not know how the blood count for the hype-meter hostel came out too much, here is a good amount of art fans). The campus is not necessarily bad: take the kids to Kabuki for a fortnight, they see only a very sick person who is covered with blood, and they are burning. He eats the water reservoir of the water in the water, and soon the characters tend to be one way or another for a meat-eating virus. If the characters, the main college children (like the hero of the rider Strong and James Debill in Goofy's side bar) or the helpful village, discover the state of inertia, if not worry. <br /> When they encounter their luck, the urban people are so hated, that it is thoroughly thrown out completely without laughing too much; The 'pancakes kid is' out of nowhere, and probably may be in another movie or himself, but in the rest of the film, it does not work. There is also a young police character, less sound and less convincing than others. And after an event the family that goes after the debacle did not recognize some opportunities. But all the time, Roth is sending a script and the window and sudden fears and disillusionment are the people rushing around and killing a killer dog. That's not what either. Now, unlike the less Troma horror movies than the 70s or 80s itself, I'm sure Roth is a die hard fan- he's not unwatchable at all. It's not smart even when it comes to explanation of where the virus came from. <br /> <br /> Unlike those films, he feels good for the great campy-horror times. His image tries for that course, and only once or twice he makes it a goofy, bloody time (when I'm on the horse as I saw the random bunny strong). It's also very poorly shot a lot of time (with its own contrived style-options ala red color in the lens or the bowling-alley worker that story). It is made up of very simple scenes and options (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and it is intended for a very normal land. If your tea cup, you have more energy. But in the end I found it to be an extraordinarily exceptional landscape, which is not obscure the audience's sensitivity, but has become a brilliant B-movie film for the fence. In the movie, Santa Claus Gated Conversion Story Clerk is also working on a group of blacks, and Roth is also in the real note of 'A-Hell'. If he continues to do something good then it can work, or if he throws it completely. Most is said for the film. C
