I do not know if the cabin fever is a joke or movie ... But as far as I know, it's more joke than anything. Years ago, the horror filmmakers community decided to make a new step and enjoy the style, and thus gave birth to the screen series. The scream is listed, all the stupid things horror movie characters are predictable, and the characters in the scream are exactly the same things, which adds much humor and sarcasm to this analysis of the genre, and horror movies are somewhat different from the present, Avoid self-concept, or in the dramatic process Isam are different. The same tired standards. "Cabin Fever", rarely, is rare, serious, majestic, frustrating and not scary, perhaps some "horror" films are still a few years later. First of all, this film does not have originality as some others do. It has been said many times, today how horrific directors are, how to reconstruct the remakes of foreign sequels, but setting up a movie in the woods in the woods does not seem to be any "hammage", just a ripoff. It does not want to be surprised by the other factors of the cinema story: once we are dealing with a character, the characters of the earlier twentieth years do not think rationally when they put it before a problem and instead think of something and think about something and pick up the struggles than try to do it. There is no more excitement. For a rare time in the horror film, they are motivated to kiss, love making and are just primarily fun, making fun of all the other horror film victims that have previously seen. Secondly, this film is unexpected. Each of the characters in each of the characters, each dialogue, and every situation in the film, deal with such an intensity that some mockers may eventually relieve some of the viewers who feel ridiculous when dying. This film is directed, written or acted, shows any sign of humor or irony, which is pretty awesome, which is an invisible-when-pre-meat meat eating-virus (no smile). Since the film does not have actors, I do not even enhance acting. The cast was much rented for friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and first of all the "good" horror film, the screenplay is totally empty. Nothing really takes place, some actions ("Let's try to get help!") Will be repeated several times, facts, the mentality of the characters or the fierce lumpy final sequence in the movie, according to the director and screen writers. In the end, I tell you that there is something scary in the horror film. Gamblers of fake blood, they are vomiting, wounded from the organs of the severed or bruised, and never frightened the audience. Anyone who is afraid of the main features such as screenplay, thoughts, and cruelty. If I do not feel that I am not a total failure, I will take into consideration that this film has a talent. It is unpleasant to see. <br /> <br /> I would like to see this film interesting or interesting to check out the old big horror movies before. What's the 60s-70s, 80s, horror or self-biker horror, but "new" is essentially made by Vice Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... Convincing viewers that "improved". A good example of the film Some tracks composer Angelo Badalantente provided for the film, although they were clearly close to their previous compositions, he was less than what he had done before.
