The original father was disappointed with the horror oil of 1995, "Fear" finds it more discouraging in this silly little sequel. It follows a similar theme, but it is impossible to connect to the original, except the morti, wooden monster monster. Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a very good show) Twenty years later, his father killed his mother, and the Witnesses still struggling to live his life, that Mike still feared. Hope to cool off his fear, Mike takes up a friend's friend to his girlfriend and his grandparents's home. His plan for everyone dressed in outfits that reflect his fears, and then demonstrates the horrors of Morte Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process is necessary to intimidate the sentiments. Mike does not know that Morty is with his father's spirit, and begins to kill his friends ... or is it really Mike murders? <br /> <br /> There are some problems with this image. The first is with Mort. I thought I made the original Morti rather attractive. At this time, it is clearly seen as a man in the fake looking suit (actor Jon Feedley). This can be especially seen in early scenes, where Morty is still deserted, but if you look closely you can see him shiny. Another problem is that you should not work hard enough for all of the characters. Some of them, Betsy Palmer, Friday's 13th glory, look great in the film. But most of them can not make or offer a chance. Finally, there are murders. Early sequences involving axes murders are quite acceptable. Actually, when I saw them I thought I was for a good movie. When the second half of the film arrives, and when the murders begin, everything gets to pieces. Deaths are undesirable, invisible or preeminent (queue of the next scenes with a blackout for the quire). In the end a character will die, the viewer, not including the notices. Although initially needed to play a greater role, it is not too bad. The second half is. I think new director Chris Angel came to this point and did not really know how to shoot violent sights, so they turned out to be true sloppy and pedestrian. Not a silly conclusion either. Therefore, unless you really loved your loved ones and broke away from the bottom of your skin, you probably "Fear 2: Halloween Night." Jatosus score: 10 to 4.
