The attack force has a horror headline, and can be judged by the awful cover which is almost certainly because the film is terrible! The plot lines, a staggering mess, and a mish-mash of a terrible frozen pace, make it hard to see the image complete to finish. I've done this and I am proud of it. A fan of Seagal's work (mostly his old days), this was a traumatic event for him to be on the trip. True Seagull's last half a dozen films or very, very sucked, but some of them have at least some zealous features. The attack force is a mess. From the notion to the delivery, the movie is much alienated from an alien plate line, about the highly addictive super drug present and the failure of Romanians (the film has many settings, none of which are Romanian, but all in Romania because they are in Romania!). The original shooting script of the film is tacked together in relation to any state. Plot-holes and loose ends are perfect in the film. Seagal's last few films have been a similar issue, but never boring. The solution is the entire plot line about water supply about poisoning with CTX (it's the cold name of the drugs) that never has! <br /> <br /> In recent years Platypl's Seagal is not a major draw in Cannon, so actions have been made on other departments. But before considering that action, all other departments are poor. In the direction of the poor, or perhaps better, to look poor. Do you know how the director Michael Keech originally meant this film? His middle job, Stuntman Tom Delmar, and the album, was completely lost by a coherent movie drama. The best way to describe the film is that it's just on the shop! Cinematography is dull, stimulating sleep almost, while at the same time dancing score (which is made of cheap synthesizers cheaper) does nothing to stimulate things. Casting is also poor, nothing can save here. Seagal is frustrated outside recognition, and the point-points are clearly translated into the picture when it changes. He is tired and overweight, and lethargic, rather than watching in previous films (rather than as it has been key complaints in Seagal's recent films). Only the redeemer cast member Adam Crosdell is one of the villains, doing a slimy Brit routine. He is a throwback to the alien plot line because he can play it inhuman. <br /> He looks like a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire (waiting for Ditto to look forward to her husband, who plays some hot hits on the occasion). <br /> Last action. That's very poor. Poorly evolved, poorly portrayed. There is not much, and has less seagull. Steve does not really bring out the stunt double here because there is very little. There is also a long (repetitive and boring) action scene that occasionally encounters intermittent curbs with a slight shortage of Seagal's stand, because Seagal is not clear when there is no action and he has a scene of action. Seagal finally appears to the guy to shoot two boys on the head. Seagal producers credit is here and the script is credit, but from what I understand the picture has been changed back to its present in the current state. Seagal clearly does not work with these people, or who will continue to deliver with the Castel studio <br /> <br /> Overall, this is one to prevent you from becoming a sigeel fan. Seagal fans will be safe even in the knowledge that even the big man may not want to do anything bad again. Unfortunately, his next film, which he has previously shot, is the same as the people and even worse. *
