As the most expensive film in Finland's history, "Dark Flores" describes a horrific film, an ever-growing weakness series of "floors" ("adequate") in an abandoned hospital, the protagonists are trapped. Since an autistic daughter and her father's leadership and her daughter have no medical advances with hospitals, he enters an elevator to discuss the problem with one of the nurses in hospitals. Complicated complicated by a security guard, an entrepreneur and a seemingly intruder thump, but they are not alone. The "Dark Flours", directed by the father of Finnish television Pete Riske, was mainly portrayed by English actors, but it is notable that Finland's most famous "Lord" (2006 Eurovision Song Contest winners) is notable. <br /> <br /> These unusual costumes , Film makers, and persuading viewers for these razzmatuses When the product failure. <br /> <br /> Their main character is headed by the phrase "it is very quiet" already unrealistic way, and this Lord does not break that meeting with the impact of the horror. There are some of the ripe clichés and worst of all together with all the good ideas thrown into the mix, something interesting is not fleshed out enough to resonate with anything original. The feeling of disgraceful flooring is initially the most apocalyptic and the feeling of inspiration for those caught in the hospital, providing the feeling of incomparable Doom. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to frighten and frighten the audience into fear, the viewer degrades levels from degrading white to degenerate levels, becoming more dangerous, but I do not think the characters to frighten it know about this fact adequately. Moreover, the entire film in its own time bubble is again good, which is not a horror concept, but the characters do not face enough fear and shaking, this fact is that they read very well about their business and have no real genuine concern with the intention of telling the audience anything. As the ideas of the director and / or Mr. Larry (who have many ideas used in the film), as these ideas have, first good ideas go to waste, but can not decide how to best use them and lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> There are still big comedies for all the frustration, but not for the creators as expected. There is so much cliché, very recycled and very simply just ridiculous. Although the protagonist was friendly by Noah Huntley, the characters were just pasted into the story from other films. We have a love for a daughter who has the ability to protect her daughter. With the "couple" we have a traditional token black person as a hard-closed security guard, near his infinity clip for his soldiers, and a slight unreliable entrepreneur. Unfortunately, unfortunately, the cast of the Lord was introduced as night-bearers, which threatens our moving bands, but not themselves. The horror movie scene for viewers is scary. "Shining" is scary because it is your own family member in "Den of Dawn", which contains zombies of our fear and primitive cannibalism and irrational thought models, the fear in "Alien", the existence of the organism and nothing in the "Dark Flores". Perhaps it's unfair to compare this product to this monoliths of the genre but when it does it shows pales significantly and it's nothing more than the demented Klingons where aggressors almost see the zip on the dresses they wear without you build <br /> <br /> We are underdog It's very dreadful because they're so excited for it and they believe it better There rgapu. Small productions have emerged as much as they have launched the "Hollywood" film, George A Romero with the same quality, but it will not always work. I enjoyed the movies and I wasted ninety minutes, and I enjoyed the experience that I had enjoyed as I sat down, but nothing seemed to me to be, or out of sight, thoughtfully, psychologically or critically influenced by me. I think almost the Linchin article is a standout plus point, but it is nothing. Why did it happen What does it mean? Will they go back to anyone else? The film is just confusing for trying to understand what is going on without a slight insight. Is it true in the whole series of events or is it just a dream series? Autistic girl watched the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and got the most bizarre nightmare just under pressure from her? Who knows? And unfortunately I also fail to work up the power of labor. "Dark Flies" is a infuriating experience that shows the creative branches of Mr Lordi who will ultimately look into solo work completely in the shallow features potential and most at least develop his ideas. This is one of the crowd's fans or genre, but it's one of the reasons that you are left out of luck because there is not enough light to kill in the situation.
