In 2007, the Eurovision Song Contest was a major (not-so-heavy) song called "Hard Rock Halles", the main scholar and the revelation. But, let's look forward to their success with their great musical talent. The Eurovision competition has gradually become a big political circus over the years, and their song eventually made little change and Lariku probably won only one? More importantly - the sort of their whole law cleverly surreptitiously the whole day's event. The Lord's foremost (and hopefully final) is the final thing that brings the horror movie is the change and ingenuity. "Dark Flores" is based on the idea of ​​the lead singer and in the remaining bands in supporting roles, and the real unexpected and helpless clichés. The enormous budget ("dark floors" is a very expensive finchy film) with absolutely horrific set pieces and impressive makeup art, but what is the value of the story? The film is a group in a busy hospital where a father and his younger daughter are trapped in the elevator in the power bracket with unhealthy illness. When the doors were reopened, the floors were empty and the hospital seemed to have abandoned many years later. Trying to reach the exit, the group stumbles on huge metal monsters emerging from the ghosts and floors, like many unhealthy and rotating obstacles, like eye corpses. The three points I give to "Dark Flores" are specifically aimed at the tension building and the tension building during the first half of the film. Even if the bad events do not have an explanation, the atmosphere is very bright, but as soon as you learn the explanation a) stupid or b) never come down, it will collapse like healthy just collapsing cards. Larry's costumes are really really scary (excluding traditional eurovision fans) and combining a story with the Asian ghost-horror more memorable, they just see the clear repentance and misconception. With all the national myths and really unique outdoor shootings, I personally always felt Finland ?? A thousand lakes land ?? An ideal breeding script for potential horror stories, but I'm still fascinated by my account.
