I have lost this tragedy for three hours in my life, and I feel honest violation. I've read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was ready for anything - I thought it best, tried a real (misguided) way; Even worse, a good-and-bad "plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I take a copy in Walmart in Florida and bring it to the UK, I'm joking to my friends "Prepare for the best ever movie ever done!" Oh, the ruthless ritual. This film is not entirely recommended. "Special" effects appear as a work of a first year design student using a spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, we have taken an artillery manus accent to Wales from Scotland to Wales by Northern Ireland to take part in the British Isles tour), the conversation is stable, the edition does not exist and the production values ​​have shown no cost. The bad words of this film are not really explained; Flying from CGI'd Thunderchild was a royal flag (from Royal Navy, White Ensign, IT The Union Flag), which was very low against film making. When you take into consideration some of the literally-zero-budget fans' movies available in the net (Star Wars Smaller Forces) example, the whole "We Enthusiastic Enthusiasts" argument goes right to the window. And if you interview with Hines on the Pedagogon website, the film has 8 figure budgets! I only think that dodgy facial hair does not come cheap in the US. Probably the problem Hines & Co. tried to make the film's image, instead turn the book into an image (if any makes sense). Try not to get behind the words, spells and extras are small pieces of text verbatim. Ironically enough, the only person who got close to giving a good show is Darlene Sellers, former soft porn actress. Nasalaha? Jeff Wayne did not nail up, and go to see the Spielberg version and pray like crazy. It may not be true of the book text, but I can say this; The Spilberg's movie as a lifelong HG Wells fan (and English writer) is real to the soul of the book. It may not be allowed to take this monster into the country, but I say: Timothy Hines has stolen three hours of my life and I want them back.
