2001 A and E versions of R.D. I viewed the film version of Blackmore's classic novel as an alternative. <br /> <br /> This version is not authentic, and I thought -I was a topic of the A & E movie. For most of the cast, wood (with the exception of Sean Bean) and "Romance" are forced and fictitious. In fact, can not kiss until the end of the film !!!! The triangle is not mentioned or expanded between John Ridd, Larna Doon (or Lady Larna Dugal, you need it) and the evil Carver Doon. We do not get much insight here at Carver, or why he has some feelings (if any) for Larna. The film cut out many of the main and interesting characters of the novel's cousin Doon, and John's sharp-haired little sister Lizzy, which are crucial to the plot. Screenplay is also in error. Political conspiracy is also available in the script. Lornma with the doons is not real to the original story. Now, I'm not wrong, Clive Owen is a beautiful and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation) but he does not fit across Blonde and Stoic, throughout, and long hair (it may be a bad wig) !!!! Polly Walker is a lovely and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games in which she also starred with Sean Bean), but she is colorless and cartilage. She has a cold sore on her lips and can not do makeup, and the dress is not confirmed. Eventually Robert Stephens, Sir Ensor Doone makes a respectable turn, but he is only known in her book, which represents Larna as her favorite than her granddaughter. Also, Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (perhaps make-up) and the scene is wheat, cool, gray and barren, without much of a sunny sky's hint. I understand that the southwest is set in England, but there is green and they get their sunshine !!! The role of Tom Faggas in the novel and his "death" depiction, the movie is more discouraging. Sean Bean's performance as Cavar is one of the most suitable. Although it is not close to Ida Gillie's filming in A & E, Bean plays a villain role. In short, do not expect to see if you have only a few hours to kill, but do not expect it to be exciting or true to the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend the movie of A & E) following this tiredness.
