However, I do not have high expectations of "Corky Romano". But again, who made it? However, I thought the purpose of doubt was deserved. I have no big hopes of "Joy Dirt" - another recent comedy starring another SNL cast - I was pleasantly surprised. But this movie is just as good as it looks in the previews. Chris Kutton is actually a talented comedian - after seeing this movie you have a great sense of opinions. He's in the most hilarious SNL scouts, and I think he is now one of the most talented cast members of the SNL. In this case, he gave a lame, meaningless script and tries to resolve every scene with his chronic innocence. In each scene, he tries to dirty Jerry Lewis act and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knows how to get rid of this kind of physical comedy, and he does not say about working with a better script. Kattan had so many cafés Lattes who feels just a few ignorant fool with ADHD. He did not wait for the punchline; Once we start jumping around like a monkey of cracks he assumes we all laugh. In one scene, he concludes a match that he has pulled with a package of cocaine in his mouth. The package explodes and cocaine splashes on him. He returned to the job after sleeping on Coke. Now, how does he watch his performance in the whole movie, seeing that he is hyper and end-and-acting? <br /> <br /> For the remaining cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg wastes in an unpleasant role and Chris Penn. Peter Faulk was also wasted, although he had some funny lines, and I'm pretty sure he improved. I'm getting a good film soon for Faulk. It is quite a lot of clunker too much talent like "corky romano." Faulk's final film was "Made", but at least played a good role. <br /> I chuckled a few times, but I did not get the same laugh. Each gag is held in time or delivery sense. And it will be more difficult by Katon's performance acting. And there are some gags that strongly pull out. For example, when Kutton was defeated in the faces of his two brothers. He stood there for 2 or 3 minutes, when he was trying to get a fart and when he was a little shorter. If you have a fun gag it can be bad and pull it out, but it's a lot worse when you have a sluggish hog and pulling it out. And another example of this is that he was trying to translate the translation by saying that two Asian men during a drug collapse. What would I do with this so-called comedy and I can not waste my time. As I mentioned earlier, if you are expecting bad things from the trailers - you have a proper estimate. <br /> My score: 3 (in 10)
