Why is this image too bad? Well, if that's a reason for being stupid annoying and unfunny, then this is the image. The role of Corky Romano is as bad and as bad as the best. The guess is gonna be predictable but it's not what makes it bad. <br /> <br /> Cork's Romano is an attempt to make right about a lightweight mannered vet but clumsy. His quiet life was thrown out for a loop and his family had to make FBI intrusions without destroying the history of criminal crimes. However, it is not easy for Carc because the FBI believes him as a super agent and takes the task of espionage to his own family. Mishaps and mayhem really do not really feel like it's there but there are no comic hijixn. <br /> <br /> When Carcy ends his love with his beautiful FBI partner and has to record both the FBI and his family straight down into a quiet life again. Both the troubled first star and the intended jokes. Chris Kutton reveals his concerns as an actor and actor, because his notebook slap rutin comes in the film within 10 minutes. It is good to have a complete picture based on dumb and slapstick humor. Ferrell, the SNL partner of Kutton, has reportedly taken a full career. The difference between Kattan and Ferrell is that Ferrell finds out when it sounds and rely on other ways of joking. There is no difference in the rule of Kattan. It's very hard to hear the same joke twice, but it's only pure torture for the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The other problem in the film is the lack of real genuinely and amusing humor. The homophobic mafia brother, the pesky guy sch- tick, and plenty of other unforgettable jokes will look none funny as the first time you just laughed at it. It seems like writing screenwriters are more fun than writing to anyone. The jokes that start with (Chris Penn, Peter Faulk) are also tired of having some comedic talent. There is not much chemistry. The film is for Pocket Book Books for actors. No body overlooked it, or try. Sadly, Chris Kutton did not tell any body.
