Before giving SAMMER OF SAM the image of Spike Lee's dilemma well before digging out, I want to make something clear. I am just shooting this movie for silent and unpleasant images. The film makes it so unpredictable that it believes that SUM's SUMMER should be considered seriously as a socially bright play. Examples include Quentin Tarantino's Crime Capper films, violence, desecration, and other sleaze, but Tarantino is more likely to be seen as drawing these images into cultural readings. He knows that such films are only for entertainment value. On the other side, intense plays like Praveen Ryan and the Schiller's List are not often intended to be viewed, but the film's story and characters are unlikely to develop, with the ultimate aim of attracting emotional audience to the film's story and stories. <br /> <br /> SUMMER SUMMER believes that, unfortunately, is simply social commentary, like other rubbish myths, which walls in its own sensationalism and sleaze. <br /> <br /> SUMMER's serious play does not work because its characters are just cardboard-cutout stereotypes. Its plan was designed to show the ebb's influence on Sam's sons over the murder of the Italian-American North Bronx neighbors. However, Lee can not imagine every imaginative Italian stereotype, rather than a mix of locals with different people. Men are innocent, lazy, overseas gobbels. Women split between the weaker, the strong "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's diona) and the complicated "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito Ruby). Lee seems to have "paid" heartily to Hollywood for negative African-American stereotypes by going out of her own past and some critics have taken care of. For instance, Martin Scorsese, African-American neighbors, if Amos' Andy and Aunt Jemima have provided residents of stereotypes, critics correctly deny such a blatant tendency. Most important, one dimensional, stereotypical characters will suppress any film that attempts to make serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception, SAM OF SUMMER's cast is excellent. However, acting, for the most part, is uninspired. The cast can only be done through moves, or working with the script is very small. In addition, it is noticeably mistaken. Comedian John Leguizomo is very talented, but his Vinnie character is seen as a horror, humorous satire of John Travolta's Tony Manero. And Michael Badalucco, a permanent "nice guy" actor, is seriously miscast as serial killer David Berkowitz, coming across rather frightening than frightening. The valuable performance of Adrian Brodie is a troublesome, but hearty, neighborly riddisk. Brody performance and typical Stylish Lee cinematography are the only properties of the film. <br/> * **
