After hearing the sound of how bad this movie was, I took a plunge and bought a DVD. Everything about the film earlier is true. It does not show up on the screen for millions of movies that say budget. The list of problems with the image can be dragged forever. The main character in them is too long. It was dragged for 3 hours for a few minutes. Almost an hour may have probably cut off the run time and the main character wanders around aimlessly when the editor has just removed the overabundance of scenes dealing with nothing. <br /> Second, many people point out from "trailers", special effects are something special. These tripps have seen some of the shots here and there, but the quality of the grade 1970s is the quality of the 1970 or 1980s. Probably all of the worst effects are horses, which are strongly advanced when they move. Thermal bone effects are ridiculous, because people have bounced to bones and have no muscle tone. Furthermore, the gallbladder tundleschid sequence, in Thunderchild, is described as an iron-roding ram in the book, nothing like that. Instead it resembled a World War 1-era destroyer, with deck guns (which did not open fire crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds are bad as the effects are. The most striking of all, in which the main character and his wife went for shirts overnight and showed herself to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is dark, but the characters' opinions and the surrounding landscape are widespread. There is also a very sharp division between the true landscape and the dark black night sky with the big shaded stars in a real sunlight. To repel more, the color of the scenes does not mean at all. Some are bathing in orange light. Green light among others. Others are blue light. In some cases the orange is lit out, but the interior is green or blue. The frame rate and the camera stuttering look of everything is awkward. <br /> Finally, the whole sub act of acting. One person has two characters in the same role. They were confused whenever and where they were. English tones, even for American ears, are worse. <br /> <br /> In summary, the film can be used to say the worst film released in recent times. I did not see some of Gigliani or other recent flops, but because of the poor quality of every thing, Hollywood's main character Hollywood must be worse. It is not surprising if you make it to the bottom 10 or 20 in the IMDb rankings. It is a pity that the mystery science theater still lacks around.
