* Warning. <br /> <br /> Okay, this is the basic premise of the indigenous Texas film: College Children + Spookhouse + Bad Magic Book = Scary Stuff. In practice, it sees the time to see how much more time is going to drag this picture. In addition to a classmate girlfriend and volunteers, a group of Frarat Boys sets up a volunteer haunted house. The project is headed with a totally repulsive character whose main purpose is to attack multiple actors as much as possible loudly & physically. I find it hard to try anyone to work with this guy: he is not abusive and abusive, including his girlfriend and his friend. Regardless of, the children are visited by an elderly suite that describes local character & annual pumpkin-sculptor champion "Pumpkin Jack", "Halloween Santa Claus", and in an annoying strobe-flustered prolog that stumbles off loads of goods for a home including an ominous The fable that appears in the fictional fables-when it changes). No need to say, some people start messing with a sweet book, eventually changing most of the dressed monsters into reality and try and survive some other common folklore. There are some good things in this movie, but not too much: everything is nicely portrayed and makeup effects are good. On the other hand, performers, or worse; The plot takes a little sense outside the "happens so much" outside; There is not any musical score to talk, just snatches the songs throughout the movie; And the image really takes an hour to get anywhere. The last problem is to say a lot: two-thirds of the 90-minute running time is repeatedly used to set the characters. Tom Haydie is a good man with a restraint, but he now uses Jean, Jean, who is dating Dawn, but a relationship that wears a lot of windows / cape has started to make a kira girl. Dawn likes to play a really big jerk, Gary Jokes, and Steve & Lily have a lot of sex. Stuff that can easily be dealt in 20 minutes or so, to the point where the lesbian looking for "sex" scenario (calm down, it's pretty unyielding) to me looking forward forward button. It's half an hour in half an hour, steam and a pumpkin jack deeper sitting, I said I was responsible for the whole confusion. If you can not get this type of Deep-Tit rent (and really see everything in the store), put it on the shelf and watch.
