Is this 'sequel' Bruce still known as Billy? (Bruce = Billy, Loi = No Lei?) But it is rather common with the other image. Billy does not appear to be an actor anymore. He is in another country. He is like a spy. He is the only cast member to return and mourn, killing him for a new role, his brother Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film is beautiful. This is a lot less. They seem to be filming as they're writing the script. The footage works for some time (it's not very clear at first) but Bruce is always shown in the dark at all times (a light-capped episode at one stage for any other obvious reason to hide the fact that he does not play Bruce). When he sinned when he died in the movie. I could not help them, but they wanted to keep Bruce alive when they were writing, but later decided to kill him because Bobby did not appear until it was not until Bobby died, but it was not acceptable. The main character in the film is very difficult to change, Bruce is a very difficult act to follow, so now Bobby is a difficult star. Bruce has never seen this film. I feel like I have a slick character in this film without Bruce. A new Bruce Lee film is hopelessly hoping to see the film, even though he gave the top billing, he only played the role. Even the worst films have at least a memorable bit. If a bit about this film will talk about people, it's a scene where Billy fights in a plant nursery. Ironically, this does not even use Bruce Lee footage. You can look and convince them in no retreat no surrender. None of the other actors ever made it unforgettable. Bruce's girlfriend (Coleman Camp) has never been mentioned. Bruce should stop my suggestions soon after writing his letter to his brother. Nothing was seen in the movie. I'm really sad to see Bruce dying. I do not see how this small budget movie can get enough money to use the footage from entering the dragon. This is the cheapest way to make money on Bruce's name. Unusually credited with the filmmaking of this and original Bruce. Thanks so far, no one ever tried anything like this. 1981 Bruce's last film performance year. It's a sad way to end it, but thankfully the image of this Bruce is proof that the career must be left alone.
