You do not expect much from a PRC movie, and with rare exceptions - mainly Edgar G. Ulmer and Joseph H. From some of Lewis or Lev Landers - you'll get what's right: a lot more. The "epic" about Nazis in Africa, which is trying to stimulate the Arab revolt against the British, is no different. Long-term PRC has rational, ridiculous, intelligent "instrumental" and thousand Mongolia size holes by Arthur St Claire and Sherman Lowe. Long-term PRC No Budget Specialist Al Herman's direction is better, semi-camatos. Exhibitions, however - except exceptionally ineffective and irritatingly hammie flagship Walter Woolf King - is not really half bad. The famous comedian, ParkiaCarcis is actually a great thing about the film. He plays a guy who plays like Brooklyn as a razor-blade salesman and shines up the screen when he shows up. He earned great comic timing, has a charm to enjoy and has a heck of good time. Duncan Renault is undoubtedly like an Arab sheek - despite his Spanish voice - and an experienced bad guy George J. Louis Renault's Arab rival, even if he sometimes goes over the top, makes the villain's usual delicate work. Joan Woodbury is very beautiful and has a nice light touch, and she and Ronaldo have great chemistry together, but - like the rest of the cast - she has nothing to do with the king. H.B. Warner, who resurrected his career silent era, is credited with low-rented actions, although he has repeatedly collapsed his lines, as the PRC was PRC, they were not cut. There is a huge amount of stock footage from the big budget silent film with this Arab background - I do not know what it is - and did not try to blur it as it was PRC PRC <br /> <br /> "An yank in Libya" is not very good of course - well, Well, it is beaten - but it's worth a look to see ParkiaCarcis in its prime. When I heard about him he knew that actor / director Albert Brooks and super father was Osborn's father, but never actually seen it before. This eighteen rated PRC "extravaganza" is just worth watching in his action. Otherwise, forget it.
