Did you love the opening sequences like one in "Seven Women for Satan" ?? The naked girl running in the woods during the introductory chase accompanied a fatal dungeon on a walk dog and a horse, until she was hit by a peak and her head in a rack. Then zoom out on camera's face and we notice how he's just sitting behind the desk while he's just waiting for his secretary for signing some papers. "Oh sorry, my thoughts are lost ??" Then he said! Sweet, I stumbled upon another full bonkers movie. If you understand the French at least, look at the original title, "There are no seven women for Satan" who do not have to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but only in rural areas, disturbing and psychological uncertainty during the weekend. It's in fact, the hunter people are another sordid variation of the classic milestone "Most Dangerous Game" about a lunatic's disturbing passion? Hot naked chicks up - in the forest for sports. The author, director / actor Michelle Lamone is more than just the variation on the 1932 classic, to direct Lesley Banks' legendary villain "the most dangerous game" directly to his hero. Kaur Zarff is the original Count Zarff's son but he switched his private island for remote French rural. He can no longer be unemployed, so he is a merchant killer from Monday to Friday office clerk and weekend. Zero is frightened about dancing with a dead woman, but actually runs her car on live cars. His butler once vowed to prevent Jarroffs from killing him, but he is clearly doing a secular job. There is no depth in the screenplay and build-up certainly does not pay attention to the suspense or bad weather. Really, the only useful thing during this film is that of the girls that are lured for Zaroff's fraudulent trap and hope that they'll reach seven faster. Meaning and dirty padding footage, and the remaining half of the cigars will eventually grow, although half of the film is not converted into a muscular black person (dance), but eventually the tiresome will increase. All the girls see ravishing. I have the impression that Michelle Leooin has imitated his friend Jean Rowling and is an amazingly kink sexual-thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French product, so it is also called Jess Franco Common Howard Vernon ("The Baffle Doctor Orlof", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself looks absolutely silly killer, but it is not a talent to reflect.
