I can not get past this picture message. It is very clear to be discarded, and it is obscene, because it has lost its sense. I do not read this novel, but the Pollock film opens a scene at a CIA-based company in New York, divided by two professional assassins led by Mass Van Sidov, and we know and understand half the dozen quirky staff he killed. The staff is an elderly woman receptionist, a man aging professor guy, when he is machine gun (a joke?), And beautiful Tina Chen, seen from the last, beautiful copyrister, murdered her, and saddenedly said, "I laugh louder. " Van Sido answers with sympathy, "I know." These killings are completely unexpected, savage, and we are not aware and graphic. This is a cruel scene. <br /> <br /> Van Sido and his follower can deliver. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good people, Van Sidov switched on the sides (the other side is ready to pay him) and kills the evil mastermind behind the complex intradural CIA plots. The script turns him into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive man. "It's better to live in Europe, Things did not come as soon as possible." Or whatever. I'm not doing this. Polak wants us to believe that it is good to be a genuine assassin than a curious bureaucrat. That's the message. You should write down in case you forget. What sort of general values ​​do you have to change the psychiatric cravings, not to mention the general conception? The United States government's disloyal, hate-makers, and conspiracies everywhere, or those who are thinkers of the knee-jerk explanation for unexplained events. I know this because some of my people are the people I feel like this. However, some in these dislikes, if this hatred and intensity increases, must be beyond politics or morality and into the psychiatric realm. I can not say for a moment that a person who murders people for money is better than an evil government official. Did I know how he was a murderer and how the murderer went up or he could reach the Louvre in the Metro. <br /> The message requires drug abuse or meditation. <br /> <br /> I want to argue that the product is completely decomposed, but I can not. It works very well. (Which is in some ways worse, because the film will be taken down) New York City also appears to be a photonicon on the screen. And it's been a long time since I thought photicon about New York. Robert Redford performs an excellent job to appreciate the early shock and confusion of his character, but then a telecommunication becomes a semi-menus. And, man, he looks better! His wardrobe is right. Even his rimless glasses are changing. And his peacoat. It is not for everyone who looks navigable pea jacket. He seems very clearer, a lot of swine. I want to see that. I wear a denim shirt and a blister. Faye Dunauve is in her role, but this is not a reliable role. Does anyone sleep with a man who kidnapped her and grabbed her at gun point? Although he looks like Redford? Redford urged her not to tell anyone what had happened when she could end the intermittent relationship if anyone was mentally hurt. Cliff Robertson is surprisingly sweet. He makes one or two very good double-takes. Mailman is amazing. In the crowded apartment, he has been dazzling in the fight between him and Redford, and once again, when Redford (all a book reader) seems to be inappropriate against the rented fraud of the rental, we are not sure how we can do it. Assassin. This is one of John Hussein's last roles. Bewildered. He is a magnet on the screen. And what will happen to his life: A friend finds that he has lost him, travels to the streets of New York and knows most of his life in a neighborhood. <br /> Yes, this film is very well executed, but I can not ignore that vicious, horrific message. I have the same problem with "Will's Win" of Leni Refinstall. Or her Olympic documentary, entering the head of the jazz jassie Owens, saying "this Negro is dangerous."
