I enjoyed both "Targets" and "Paper Moon", but "the last film performance" was a bit lukewarm but overly self-proud. Its main positive, most of the time I'm concerned, amazing photography. But the film did not give me anything beyond the surface of the film (hidden secret type). It is very difficult to relate to the characters or to care. In fact you have this natural style of this very slow and acting, but there is a lot of practice in the very formula and predictable story, which is full of all the trappings that it expect from any small town play - the boy is his mentor to the disabled child who asked everyone everything from fraud. It is like "American graffiti" without the pleasure of life. <br /> <br /> The movie is quite realistic - people think that most people are the only religion that is realistic now. But I'm just suppressed by this film, and I want to spend a few hours in that painful town. It's time - perhaps when I saw it in 1971, I looked at something different on the screen and impressed the new one. But I have never seen it as Godard's "Breathless". Public hints for classic films appealed me to the film geek and helped me to deal with some of the film's weaknesses. <br /> <br /> Tarantino is rarely unique or unique in the world. <br /> <br /> It is interesting to know how to use the film to give his own film more depth. In the film show I will remember 3 pictures. First we see Vincent Minnie's "The Bride of the Bride" - Liz Taylor's sensitive looks contrary to Sony's girlfriend and Minnelly's upper-middle morbidity as well as contrasting character's "real life" environments. Later, clips from Howard Hawk's "Red River" emphasize the background of a broken friendship between a teacher and a projection. It reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing his own teacher's butt if it really remembers correctly by choosing a hawks portrait as part of his own on-screen Reversi with Boris Carlow in "Targets". This kind of thing was new in 1971 but looking at it today is a self-determination, it's the rest of the film. <br /> In the end, we're reminded why Hawkes, Ford or Minnelly were reminded of why they were less than Bagdonovich's film. Maybe he wants to remind people who have spent hours - he really reminds us how small he is at all times and all his contemporaries.
