I usually start by broadcasting the premise of the movie, but before any sort of judgments about my review, let me go ahead by saying I'm someone who likes many movies (check my other reviews). Single in the Dark film director Uu Bol, front of the film is House of the Dead (2003). Alone is in the Dark, a film adaptation of the video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I liked it. I've also given 10 to 10! <br /> <br /> "If I hate loneliness in the dark, it must be something wrong with it that the United States is trying to balance the budget Some archaeologists have found evidence for the American Indian tribe, which clearly identifies the "second world" of the Indian tribe Some of the scientist / government researcher experimented with pornography, and specifically this tribe decided to experiment with some children, to the latter world To make a hybrid (It's Believe or not - This point up to everything and then some of us told us in a written prolog - it's just a voice over us scrolling the white text on a black screen and we also read it.) Then there is something about the children in the orphanage, but the government They take them back, and then some people are exploring archaeological sculptures , And super human beings are wandering around, and the fact that some of the military people say, <br /> <br />, the exposition is really apipodu. It is like a continuous ancestor from hell. There are enough ideas to fill in at least 10 movies and 25. But one of them will not be displayed in a coherent way to create a good movie. In addition to the spiritual lost Indian tribe and superhumanes, we also get to the masses of gold mines, horror warehouses, Impacts, which attack your body and snake-like aliens, tunneling worms like the underground, zombies, stars like the Starship Trooper and a wolf resemble the cross between worms Museums, government conspiracies, gold The trunk of the sea, the nuns, the explosions, the plot is complicated by the poor, the most ambiguous sensuality, along with the car, home invasions, kitchen sinks. . . Wait if I can not remember if that last picture. In Phongoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson said, "There is a lot more time about the story, more accurate about it." <br /> <br /> Tara Reed Alone in the Dark is a "good movie". <br /> Do not mislead me. Most of the above elements may seem to be good for potential audiences, but the problem is that there is little to do with it. For any other settings, no matter what we are, or what anyone is doing (at least when one starts a scene) I do not know anything. The director Uwe Boll has ideas that do not involve 250 tolls and is a random mismatch of fittings and clocks, as they are pulled up as lottery numbers. After he finished, he and editor Richard Schwald decided to cut the images by using dice, then I threw the ching and made it again. Sometimes the film is an extended director's reel (which is a combination of small, varied, unrelated scenes broadcasting to try to work), but it's very generous. I'm not sure if this is his reel if bol work. <br /> <br /> Like most of the movies I like, I like many actors and many shows. I say this is a very rare performance. Well, Tara Reed is bad here - I'm a person who really loves read. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they move her around just like a prop. They might just buy a blow-up toy as well. They would have saved some cgi ghosts and money used for vampires in the castle and graveyard settings. <br /> <br /> They wandered around their parents and separated the bones of her parents. , The Godzilla-free Godzilla movie, much of the alone in Dark. By that, I understand that it is a lot of fake scientific gobbledy-guck. At least in Godslow films, it is a campaign to have a campaign, and a bigger pay to see the destruction of the town of Godreas and a heavy sound to shoot the radiation dead rays from its eyes or something. <br /> Stephen Dorf and Christian Slater are both here and are difficult to file and file lawsuits against their agents. Perhaps Slater had at least some cigar, but I thought someone in the movie had a good performance. <br /> And yet, I did not give 1 to this movie. Although boll and Schwadell make a mix of it, and hard rug end-end credits are good. Heck, even novelette speech is not too bad. I promised that film at that time. But it's probably the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
