The first film I would like to show is that there is nothing to see with the Dutch folk tale of the ghost ship, also known as the Flying Dushman. In this movie, you can not see a single sailing boat. You can not see sailors, ghosts, or anything else remotely exciting. It's not a ghost ship story, and I wish they were told in major credits or I could not view it, because this was really a movie about legend. Many believe that the film is supposed to be made with the legend of the ghost ship, as the film is listed in the Wikipedia page for the "Flying Dutchman" Legend ... I do not understand why. Which is probably the theme of the so-called "The Vending Jew"? Or do they just adapt to the worst episodes of myth? The film begins with the film Sequence, which expects the movie to have sequences. Unfortunately, this is the only combat scene in the film. Then you see that for two seconds you saw Daniel Emilfork (crank in the Lost Children City) and that anyone would expect that the movie would be good. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the film. The same thing is said about Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of Italy's finest actors, and no one here denounced a crazy bird with the back story, whose purpose was just "clever man". And boy, that film does not require wisdom! Other roles in this story include others (in exhaustion), prostitution (exhaustion), harassing, harassing, or bullying, swimming or exaggeration. It is such fun that every character in the story gets his or her turn poured in the stool at a turn or another. Coming from a Dutch director, you might think that it is the necessary items in a serious dirt and piece of a surprisingly true mess, a picture of Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", helped to make a great image. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" lets hope a film will look similarly dirty and straightforward-looking forward to anyone. Unfortunately, and not like "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, struggles, good acting, and just "flesh and blood". Photography is well-finished and fascinating, as the opening scene is revealed. The film is also very much started in the film. Music from the "La Vita e Bella" reputation is not repeated, it is not incomprehensible (it is sometimes varied, when the actors splash in liquid manure). The first "action" of the film is less than an hour (!), The film takes place at the same circumference around the main dots. The characters drown in it, drown in it and play in it. For a long time many end up with Elipsis, the main character, a young boy who likes to play with males, allows more and more to play in old age and excretion. The bird man speaks too much to speak of fraud in Italy. Spanish winners speak French. Nothing understands. Everything is confusing and takes hours to take place. Then there was a second law called "The Ship", a long time ago we could see the ship, but it is now in the ship (what I say is covered with excrement). While the main character is walking a bit further away from the farm, it happens to run into it, and decides of it's so cool that let's live in it. The hunchback who lived before was trying to kill him, but he really did not think (I did not?) He was not too bright. The ships are likely to navigate and want to travel on, until the winners show up (at least they think winners of Don Quixote style caps but who really are confusing as I have said), along with the prisoners and retarded hunchback, they burn the ship on the ground. The final part of the film is very difficult for the viewer to bear, because it is in the mad shelter, with a more slacked mid-range farmers battling with it. Drowning each other with more violence and feces. The director is more favored and seems to have gone to the camera assistant for a second team to work on the job or to work on the job. In the end, Dutchman is a mentally-challenged new "friends" who die. A woman who had sex with her brother's wife, to try to meet her son. Dutchman and his son speak. The film ends after two hours of dirty images and dangerous acting and technological presentations. Then the credits are rolled free from watching deadly movies with any plot that pretends to be something exciting like the fantasy films based on the myth and the spectator myths, just as they do nothing but just how to fill out the exclusivity of the categories they just do not have enough financing powers to get them battles or horses instead.
