The same night I saw "Scary Movie 4", I found a double feature for it. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes they can not stand up to scary movie franchise laughter riots. When I struggle with frustration, crazy and stupid, brutally dating and brutal are bad, I recently had a big parody laughing at me. I want more than that. Director John Dee Bello uses the basic premise that a form of growth hormone has been terribly wrong, and that the tomatoes are converted into killers. But his main objective here is around the disaster motion picture style, which is much bigger in the day. Stoner's script of humor, and if you take illegal ingredients with your film nights, it could be your tea cup. I was ingenious, it was difficult to see a grown man go under cover as a tomato. The difference between Japanese speaking actor and voice is not even funny here, it's a joke. Some laugh, I did not. <br /> <br /> The heroism of the film is broken down (without good reason) impossible to say it is almost impossible. Tomatoes kill people, and the government is trying to stop, bad jokes are said. Their goals may be right because the media, consumer, and mental disorder (the three things that still control our lives today) The main selling point of the film is that gosh chord tomatoes, not really visible. And when they do, get this, they're playing real tomatoes. That stop action camera tricks me looking a tomato pack to swallow the body's gratitude. There is also the fear that this film is going to be broke at work that really prevents it from being funny. <br /> <br /> In almost every scene, anyone sleeping sleeps may invite some people to a sleeping gag, but it will appear as an invitation to join the fun. <br /> <br /> Some of the people working here are the ego. The man eats tomato and feeds the dinner, tomato man and it's a global disaster. But this is the way the world works. Genetic changes are bad because the film is produced, but our product in the real world (see: Taco Bell) is ignorant thanks to the negligence. And that bad Doon 'green onions is a lifetime of the film's deadline. Some have good chuckles. The last shot is really awesome, but it is not anywhere near to protect this modern stink bomb. The good film that I've buried deep in this concept is very beautiful, but the script asked me to write over a dozen there. And "There" I "Scary Movie 4." ** 1/4
