*** Warning - This review contains "theme spoilers", although the film "will agree" more than it already exists. It's really bad. <br /> <br /> Before I begin, everyone would like to let sure that this is definitely one of these absolutely-bad-you-laughing-over-smiling movies. If you are in a moody mood and need a very heartfelt laugh, this is a picture for you. Without worrying, my review: <br /> The film was found in a bargain bin at Wal-Mart. It should be the first clue how good a picture is. Second, it starred in star dolph lundren. It should be a second clue of how good a movie is. I still do not expect any DVDs or bonus footage on the DVD, on the DVD (which makes their money waste such a thing? Actually, there is no menu too; <br /> <br /> First, the author needs to be tortured. One of the worst scripts and a terrible one is liner, an unbelievable, fake conversation, and inappropriate comments (Lundigrande of Lund Both the cops hated one without any obvious reason in the beginning, and then there was no reason for Lee to pull up the road to the highway, which was not a fairly sound line. Go to the other side of the car, you're alone For example, if you're ducking with a bad guy, Lee has the right to be silent, for example, if you do not want to go without saying, 'I love you and I do not love you and you're not going to die!' You have the right to die! "Finally, I mentioned Lee's inadequate and involuntary comment about the land-areas of Lundren. The bad guys start to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lyndren and Karere, and Lindgran decides to fight them with his lingerie, Lee told him: "We die, we want to let you know that you are the biggest dick I've ever seen a guy. '. Yes, he actually said. It's no sense and Lee does not appear naked, how will he know?), But the writer threw it in the script anyway. The whole movie action video looks like a video game and Lee also admits it. Lee and underwear-only Lundgren After defeating all of those bad guys, Lee also makes a comment really beautiful: `Wow, this sort is like a video game; <br /> <br /> Second, the plot of the film is deteriorating. It suffers my opinion from the fact that it does not exist. The movie trailer - IMDb available for viewing - The film makes the film about two cops trying to stop Japanese yakuza on Lost Angels. However, this film is practically none. Because this is very misleading. They make very brief and vague instructions to Yakuza, who are trying to launch a methamphetamine business with local drugs, but the whole film revolves around a poorly written effort for Kenner (Lundrun's role) to actually take revenge for his parents' death. Yakuza leader (known as Yoshida) was killed when he was only 9 years old. The entire plot can be used primarily in this way: Yoshi wishing Kenner dead, Kenner Josiah dies, and both kill each other twice. Also, Kenners deals with a sarcastic sidewalk (Johnny name and Brandon Lee) as a innocuous idiot and Tia Karere is naked. <br /> This act is one of the deadliest episodes of the movie. The conversation is very misunderstood, and their more intimate interpretation further emphasizes this. <br /> <br /> You can always expect poor performance from Action Stars, but this film will show the most unimaginable performance ever recorded. <br /> Finally, we see the heart of the film's heart: There are many disruptive, unrealistic action sequences in the film, which make them all fit. Lee also has bad sights, however, there is a lot of lundrene in a really terrible act. For example, Lundren's four teas or five kung fu bad boys did a tee, and when he was surprised by the upcoming fast car without killing his tee, Lundgren jumped over it. Or he's about to get through a closed door, the villain pulls on the other side, pulling him through the door, and beats him? Or when he chooses Tia Karere, he runs behind a glass door around him and walks back to a floating height with Tia, then using the slightest effort to lift the whole car and use it as an obstacle to protect them from bullets? Bullets rain from their fifth attack does not seem to hit something of them, but all the chaos in shamelessness, Lundgren and Lee instantly killing every evil person, as well as horrible. Until the film's final fighting scene, this is true. Langgen burns his bare chest in the face of his heart, which immediately begins to fill the lungs with blood and kill him in seconds. Nevertheless, Lundgren is in top notch and dug it in the middle of a procession with the evil super villain Yoshida. In fact, people traveling in a procession dressed as samurai carried REAL, katnas completely sharp, which would serve two sword fighters. Along with his bullet injury, Lundgren receives very deep pieces in his chest and hands. Does it stop him? No, of course not! In fact, after a few seconds after the killing of the evil Yoshiya easily (pinned to Dartford-Wheel, for no reason exploded into flames), Lundren usually runs with Tia and Lee, if he is not injured. God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All of these factors include a reluctant, unwanted nude scene with five minutes, including women without a party, strip club, naked women in Japanese spa, and Tia's meaningless hot tub and love scene. Not surprisingly, the sushi bar is not telling about the tour, the wealthy Japanese men are eating ninja who are naked. Through it, Lee and he asks to say that he is very fake enthusiasm that Lundgren is going to eat fish off that naked chicks after beating the bad guys. Which is, of course, the unwanted high five. And we can not forget the terrible modification, such as when the villains left the car in a junk yard and the remaining editors left in the clear clear glimpse of the vague dummy. Credits also lists a huge list of stunt workers, which indicate that most of the action is not made by movie actors after the action. <br /> In the end, this film is repeatedly brutal mischief. It is careless and impossible, and as a result, is remarkably entertaining. If you see any kind of cinematic film, the movie will die. If you're looking for good laugh and are looking for a good time to make bad films, this film will delight you. As a true movie, I will give 10 to 0.5 this film. However, even an entertaining way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty cake takes up.
