This constructive version of Jules Verne's classic "Earth Center of Journey" is spinning in his grave with the funny sound Verwave that you hear. The only thing about this 80-minute opus that has something with "Journey to Earth's Center" is the title. Otherwise, everything in this poor product is not new and worth looking. In fact, the director directed just eight minutes of "Journey to Earth's Center" and wrote here at IMDb.COM that the studio "Dollman" Helper Albert's Puyon's tackled part of the sequel to his own "Alien from L.A" with Kathy Ireland. Apparently, the producers have come out of money and are satisfied with foreign contractual obligations, who say Pine's sequel in director Rusty Lemorande's film. , <br> Do not rent or buy this wretched piece of garbage. </ p> <p> James McConnell and Pat Booe, Lemorande's "Journey director Henry Levin's epoch piece" Earth's Center Journey "(1959), rather than" The Center of the Earth ", is a contemporary period in Hawaii. Two companions, a British nanny, and dogs are coincidentally combined for a lifelong adventure. Richard ("Blind Date" Paul Carafotes) and his comic book engaged brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science") are going out to explore the cave. The heroine, Christina (Nicola Cowper of "Underworld"), works for the so-called housing service called 'Nunnis Are You'. Christina is a lifetime dream of being a nanny, but she has lowered all five nanny jobs. However, her sympathetic supervisor, Ms. Ferry (Linda Marshall of "Africa Express") sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, Rock Star Billy Fowl is a dog named Bernard, who will schedule a final concert to expand his flaring career ("Doomsday"'s Jeremy Crutchley). Christina wants to take Bernard in Fort Dargsey Day Spa. Stistina waits on his arrival when a careless motel assistant accidentally accidentally hid Bernard's basket in Richard's jeep. You see, Fowle hides his dogs in a basket because motel management strictly prohibits pets in their campus. Foul has turned this dog into a human baby. /> <br /> <br> Christie demands that Richard return to town, but he has other plans, after Crystina holding a cab. Unhappily, Crystina meets boys and they get lost in Atlantis, a dictator-ruled police state find themselves in the lost city, and at the center of the earth. Atlantis rulers have repeatedly told their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine stumble into Atlantis very accident. Atlantis reflects a disco and they seem to be coming out directly from a punk rock opera. To visit Atlantis, the commander of Atlantis, General Rikov (Janet du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), is the first human, wand sucunseum ("hypocrite Ireland's" hypocrite Ireland "), with the clone of an attack on the surface, unpredictable, to rule Atlantis Rico's machinations broke down, and our heroes and <br /> <br /> Albert Pine is one of my favorite low budget action directors, but he is the science fiction saga This made mild sounds.
