Well this film has actually been so strongly signed up for an IMDb account to warn people. It's poorly AWFUL !! There is nothing in this film. The path to the start is too high. Josh Hartnett's role is an enthusiastic actor and yoga coach, as well as a policeman who looks beyond his practice, and yoga for hot girls (some of whom are naked in his Jacuzzi when he returns from work). Accordingly, it is just like the current crime that is being carried out by the unhealthy duo, after a wreck hitting his father's death. The former wife is sleeping as an internal affairs investigator in order to run a psychological radio show that Harrison is trying to sell to Real Estate towards Ford's role and Ford's role calls from time to time. <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the letters (because it is unforgettable) I have referred them to Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then the conversation is cruel. I understand terrible inspired items here. In the book to throw in every cliche (investigate duo internal affairs (why ??) to have a heart from the heart in a dark bar on the day over a drink where the bartender knows his name; Hardenet encounters his father 's killer <br /> <br /> The plot is intriguing and does not have any continuity: 1) When Ford's car is repossessed, where will it stand? Are they following him? 2) Hartnett is replicated in the body (lucky!) When it goes to the body and it only looks from the crime scene (an ear). 3) Both arrest and questioning - Ford puts his phone and Hartnett on a yoga chart while holding "centers itself". Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the IA looks forward to cheating every time, then Ford attempts to capture the table before. Meanwhile, a female IA officer with Hartnett was rubbing him all. Then, inexplicable, two questions are released without answer. 4) Hartnet's car crashed during the car chase and did its way around Hollywood but suddenly the car was perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) Ford gets in the elevator to chase the bad guy into the building and he's hell he knows what ground he got at no worse offense? 6) When a bad man moves around in the two Hartnet car, Ford tries to end a real estate contract. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most incredible record execution. His inspiration for killing the rapper's ambitious group on his label? They may have left his label and there is a warning to keep his other groups reliable. But stop, is he ever going to sign with someone with that business plan? 8) Why is the IAS who is investigating Ford finally arrested? No explanation! 9) and Hartnett finally uses his "acting" to capture a bad guy. <br /> I'm going away, I really can. In this film, someone who is deeply in the film needs to test their head than a straightforward action comedy. It's nothing! It does not need to be sarcastic or ridiculous. It's just the worst.
