The film begins with the film manager (Nicholas Bell), which is given to the private investors (Robert Caradaine) Primal Park. Some scientists use some fossils, such as the Girirac Park, and some scientists resurrect nature's most terrifying animals, the Saberotto tiger or Smidotone. The scientific ambition becomes worse, and when the high voltage fence creates the body and begins its prey - human visitors, tourists and scientifically begin. Meanwhile, some young people enter into a restricted area of ​​the security center and attack large amounts of pre-owned and historic animals. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Haituk) and her colleague (Brian Wimmer) fight against carnivorous smidodones. Sabretooths, though, of course, are not real star stars and while they are terrified though not horrific. Massive animals are cruel and its food and team are running and fighting against one of the most intimidated predators of nature. <br /> <br /> When the Sabrotots appear with simple special effects, the film will provide infants such as blood and gore, hair and cold chills. .The story provides exciting and confusing entertainment but it must be very boring .The larger creatures that make the computer generator appear to be the majority and totally lousy .The lions are the lumps while responding adequately to become the food for the diapers .The doctors are seriously involved, running, running and dangling over walls. And it will prepare the ridiculous final deadly scene. Not for real kids, little by little through the gorgeous and violent attack scenes. Other films about sabrotots or smilodone are: Sancteet (2002) Vicea Angel, David Keith and John Rice Davis, James R. Hickoks and Rowland Emmerich Steve Strait, Cliff with the Cliff 100 10000 BC (2006) Curtis and Camilla Belle. The bloody motion picture is directed by George Miller and takes on many of the original films. Miller is usually an Australian director working on television (Tidal Wave, Earth's Center of Journey, and many others) and occasionally working for the film (Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, below the barrel.
