First, comment on what I like about the movie. Special effects are fantastic, and I rarely feel like watching a video game. There, the last good thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would like everyone to notice how difficult it is for me to read this review without reading it. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of complaints about the film, but four big complaints are kept in mind. My first major complaint is that Luis's 5-year-old son becomes super power where you have the amazing cheesiness of "Plot Twist" (that you call from a mile coming away probably a mile coming) Superman's child. When the piano was thrown at Lex's cousin to protect his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer can not produce a good Superman movie, it is exceptionally sensitive but cheap, such as the seemingly super-powered unlawful baby. 5 days since I saw the film and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint is that Superman releases a continent from outer space in Kryptonite. The comic book man from Simpsons did not point out what was wrong. I do not know how much Bryan Singer read many comic books, but he also has the strength to stay on his feet if Superman also reveals a small amount of Kryptonite. Anyone who thinks of a big island made from his great weakness into space has no connection with any superman-related projects regardless of the business. This feeling is as ridiculous as Dracula's film, where the title character still has a stake in his heart and still maintains a spaceship designed to drive the garlic into the sun. Why not Superman Kryptonite? He may eat it and brush its teeth and then sleep in the cryptonite pajamas. It is not obscure, then he takes the Kryptonite's continent into space, re-enters into the atmosphere, re-enters, or loses power when he lands on the Central Park. <br /> <br /> My third big complaint is that Singer will shut movies throughout the entire cover of religious vengeance. I acted as a single son like Jour-El who sent a Superman role as a savior to Earth. Jour El is not all-wise, he is just a scientist. He did not send his son as a savior, he threw it on a rocket, and his planet exploded because it was hurled into space. Brian Singer sends me a part of the Bible, and Christ sends the earth to earth, because the heavenly radiation pieces have become Christ's primary weakness, so I sent Christ to Christ. Moreover, in the "Crucifixion" scene where Luther met Superman with the Cryptonite "spear" I would die in the brain enough to kill the brass. Hurt the steel man for the future. Speaking of Luther, my last major complaint with Lex Luther's Singer's depiction was to make. Lex Luthor is an intriguing, thoughtful businessman who is more intimate to run the president (which he does in comics) who tries to destroy the world. Man wants money and energy; He should be charged, not to wreck everything. Luther's Superman Returns, and all previous Superman films, an absurd theater dunes that provide dirty schemes to destroy the world. If Singer had little credibility to the characters instead of previous Super Superman films, the film may not be such an unbearable mockery. Perhaps Singer's next project is Batman filmmaking, where he focuses on Batman's explanation from the 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! <br /> <br /> To summarize, I do not know what's more hateful, the fact that it gives a good deal or a lot of reviews. Everyone deserves their opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, your view is wrong. If you have not already seen this film, I encourage the readers. Do not buy it, do not buy it when it comes on the DVD, do not rent it ... do not give any money on it anyway. This film is not eligible for any money. In fact, I think Bryan Singer will be fined $ 45 billion for each person who has seen this film. If you really want to watch this movie if you're a Superman fan, hang up, and someone will kick you balls and get the same experience without waste 2 hours of your time.
