Okay, let's get confused here. If it's a sequel to the original horror classic remake, would it also mean that it will automatically remake the sequel of the original horror classic? Is this the same as "The Hills Eyes" is not the usual rule of Wes Craven's own sequel? Where in the mid 80's was released? Easily one of the worst and absolute most repetitive horror movies ever. The reason for this is that it does not have the original part of both the original plot and the actual repeat footage. Craven also believed that he had experienced foxes and painful memories, even as he re-experienced his bloodiest fight with one of the famous German Shepherd mountains of the Carter Family. There are a lot of terrible signs that this sequel may be a frightening failure. The remake of this film came just over a year ago. Its release causes incredible speed code to query the quality of the script. If they want to come with a horror, horrible and unwelcome image, do not they have some time? Alexander Aja Horrar changed the general idea of ​​reconstructions because he had the courage and intelligence to add gore, which was to change the essentials in the plot and grieve more than anyone had hoped. Also, Aaja is a very talented young director and has noticed his French instant cult classic "High Tension", but who is the new director? Aaja's "Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected success, which was appreciated by experienced and old generations horror fans as well as youth and amateur targeting groups. Although the new sequels and clones are sudden compulsory, it's very good, and one of them is aja's smashing hit that looks at the level of surprising quality. In this regard in mind, plus the big dose of personal skepticism, I accept this sturdy sequel is not as terrifying as really assumed. Screenplay is simple and clichard horror animal, many of which are portrayed as how they slaughtered with fewer letters or fewer spines and traditionally repulsive satire images. Following the events of the first film, the US Army has prepared a camp to investigate the results of nuclear tests conducted in the 50s and 60s between the New Mexico Desert. The surviving lives of the minor community that lived there during radioactive examination were scientists and researchers as a tasty starter until the main course of unparalleled soldiers by truck. They just need to be removed from food and supplies but are awaiting their ultimate military training exercise when faced with relentless human habitats living in the rest of the mines. <br /> <br /> It is primarily the other - the slaughter of characters, even after losing a lot of their friends, is still stupid to work as easy targets for chopping and killing the group. It is also easy to highlight one of the soldiers, against all forms of violence, and the other continually watching her live alive at her beautiful 3-year-old son's video footage. "The Hills Have Ice II" Completely? Expected? Realism, logic and acceptable conditions. The mutant miners are not nearly as close to one of their colleagues, because they are not operated at this time and only the drilling and sex-hunger designs behave only monsters. Enthusiastic G.I. Joe "Heroes" and certainly does not feel any sympathy with the eyes of the hills, this film is very less compelling and involving more than last year's original. Quite bizarrely, this second film is almost violent and not gory! The sequels typically replace the lack of suspense and the lack of surprise-turns with extra bloodshed and more graphic killing scenes, but the action in this sequence compares to ill-footed footage in its predecessor. Are there some of the scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fans? Is it mainly showing soldiers falling off the ground or burning them through their guns? But sin is not any terrible pick ax or battles. What a shame! What is the position of the sequel if it fails to overcome the level of reality and / or the level of inappropriate disparities? Luckily enough image is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and the dots are all fun with all the things you do not make the slightest bit of sense! For example, wallets from people's bloody heads, women with no muscle strength as hard-donkey soldiers? My personal favorite? Appoint ONE soldier with a disability spoken communication to handle radio communications.
