The remake of 'The Hills Hey Eyes' last year was one of the best efforts to improve vague exploitation panic for new audiences in the 1970s. Alexander Aaja made a great appreciation for the development of the character, and when it started violence, it was common and savage and all groundless photography and product design were carried on the landscape. <br /> In fact, one of the few people who think it is better than the original and await the second tour to the dark and cruel world of savage desert mutants. <br /> <br /> 'Hills Ice 2' is real, after just a year release, with a little idea of ​​the attempted rumor of cash in the franchise and the attempted evil idea. Jonathan Craven's screenplay may have been written on the weekend and perhaps, perhaps, at the speed with which the film was taken into cinemas. It will return in every hooked style cliché in the book when there is nothing new to the deserted myth. I was disappointed when I replaced civil characters with a sequel army. Soldiers are always lazy and have failed completely with magic bullshit's dirty caricatures. In my mind, Aliens is the only film that succeeds in James Cameron's talent, not just the best action scenes around, do not forget to ignore the audience. He has also helped some honestly talented actors. With the 'The Hills Eyes 2', video director Martin Weisz is not a James Cameron, and the survival of the cast of television bit-pearers or their low-cut cutout characters, each character is a broad and simple cliché. They work in dumb and contradictory ways, take dumb and judicial decisions that can lead to predictable dumb and legitimate deaths. The second half of the film turns into a blackish-corridor scene that is just another tedious curse. 'The Descent' (On Sam McGoldy, coincidentally, worked as a cinematographer) proved that these sequences can also be performed with realistic reality and suspense, but no such discovery has been seen here. /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is not the most lazy image of any kind of suspense, tension or surprise, but a lazy person who is far from interested in producing anything with quality. This is a margin for a sequel and is tired of tired and deserves to spend the rest of the blockbuster bargain bin.
