'Hills Ice II' is one of the most meaningful and blatantly stupid sequels in some time, making 90 minutes of inefficient film at its best. Or worse, but you choose to see it. The 'Hills' remake of 2006 is one of the best of the year and one of the really scary, horror films, this sequel spawns every spark from such accomplishment. Part 2 never got to the ground, and its mind does not clap. <br /> <br /> The 2006 remake of the New Mexico Desert is alarmed by the family members who find themselves in the center of the desert and is one of the most cruel Hill people. As a result of people's nuclear bomb testing their years ago, they became who they are. Surviving passengers traveling to this area. This sequel puts viewers in the same desert, now they occupy the army, they secretly investigate the hills and what could happen in the poor family. When the military training team was brought to the camp, it had no signs. When they realize that they are not alone, the terrible reality soon comes to them. <br /> <br /> It does not take a genius to understand that there is no legitimate reason to exist in 'Hills' existence. The remake last year was well received at the box office and critically because it had yet to be earned, but it was not surprising that the sequel was moved to production. There is no residence or cause at this time, just unbelievable and ridiculous set-up, unintelligible characters, unnatural killings, untold story, and slippery interest. Initially, director Alexander Aaja Craven's remake of Cult Classic was a unique and totally disturbing experience. Crossing the imposing line in more than one case. Violence, sanitarian torture, well-rounded character, and white-knitted suspense have been used to shock and stimulate the audience. Second time, it will collapse by hand. There is no style, no grit. <br /> <br /> It tries to increase the tension by cutting the body, even when it's really done, there's also that kind of film, where Gore appears to be comparable to just a few recent bloody arrows. The situation of affairs when the mutant acquired by women for breeding purposes fail to maintain your attention. It's a bore, nothing. 'Hills' does not have any bite. There's nothing to be scary through these horror films, even though there or both here and there. You are considered to be sophisticated in science fiction, some F-bombs, here and there are only a vampire, rape, and more grass nativity scenery than astonishing. It's cheap. And with 'Hills', you'll get what you want to do. <br /> <br /> The first big mistake in the film is the replacement of Ajay, directed by Martin Weisz, to distinguish any emotional echo from all his feelings. But Uncorrotrickly Bad Badge by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Crowen is even more surprising. You may ask, how bad can it be? It's kind of a conversation that looks like a Shakespearean look. Craven has had his affordable share of clunkers in the past, but I'd never expect something like this from him. It's so unexpectedly funny, you have to wonder, is this a Craven playing joke? After the studio paid him or did he dump this dump on his son? The roles of the film are one-dimensional speaking heads without any emotions or general sense. Acting is just bad. The only role you can win is 'Napoleon' Napoli, a scrappy baby that does not fit with others. One year ago our minds were distracted and disturbed villains that our thoughts could be of favor with some of the deeper. You do not hate them, you do not like them. I do not care less honestly. <br /> If you are scared of 'The Hills Hey Eyes', you will have a difficult time to enjoy this dirty piece as much as I can. As simple as it gets, and here nothing is perfect we have not seen that we've already done so many times. I can not express this enough, avoid the 'Hills Ice Eye II' as the Plague. It's scary, unnatural, insane, and a bored. Stick to the original look of remake or craven. Because if you do not come out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
