Most likely Wolverine's character is one of the most secret characters in Comic Book history. I am no Marvel expert, but I grow up with the adventures of X-Men and certainly Hugh Jackman has now approved the widespread familiar character of the disorder Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, the sequel was found too heavy and worse and liked the third one as comic book fun. By all three films, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I painted the idea of ​​"origins" -the film about Wolverine was a better film than three X-Men movies. <br /> <br /> When we look at a character, I've been able to find the images that I found in the second film failing - a very complex and character-based comic book adventure. <br /> Wolverine-The Dark Knight is not a competition after the film because the film fails. Although it is not good - it is not clear for plot development even though it is clear and fundamental - the film can not even try because it's not. First of all, it does not qualify as good fun. There is something about the action in this movie, which comes off automatically. With a great deal of great special effects or suspense, and one event that you would expect to do the following five, it seems like a owl boll image that emulates the concept of an action / adventure movie that has been seen almost a dozen times. Of course, there's nothing in this film is terribly terrible as a piece of Bulls ** But when everyone clichés like you have a chain of events so that they are standard, you have the least connection and the inevitable evil <br /> <br /> But the big problem is. By a simple action movie and, by a simple action movie, you will forgive a lot of plot holes and character stupidities. I find a very basic error in the title too. I mean, "Origins". Really? What do the people behind this film think about that title? What is their purpose? Do you want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They are away from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, World War I and II and Vietnam too. Why did they do this? Still not known. In the end, the brother (sabotot played by Live Sheebor) has become bad. "How?" You ask. I do not know, it is somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" You still ask. I do not know! The film did not explain. He's bad right! "Yes, but ... you know, 'the origins'" ... yes, the very start! I mean, duh! However, they eventually end up with the mutual superior super-secret team. Government something, Ho-Hum. Wolvi gets enough and leaves his brother. Six years he turns up a happy lumberjack with a loved one, the Sabretooth suddenly appears again as it ends up little protection around time. "Yeaaah ... but ... whyyyy?" - Oh shut up! - and Wolvi decides to be a bowl for a group of evil scientists who made him a meat-covered metal warship. <br /> He goes after all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the battles he will wipe X-Men X-Men with his memories. That source. You can also find out behind the DVD cover. The original picture does not tell you anything. Action from any valuable scenes, good leaders, villains or characters (lines from my bed audience: Fat Suite! Token Black Guy! If the girl survives the film then I will give it to cash 200. Gambit ... ... mamma, yes well Yes, right), is not a line of momentous dialogs and zero lines covering a T-shirt, in which the added stupid tool Normally you can forgive yourself ... well, time is very waste, is it right? Fans check it out or already. There is no stopping. If you do not like X-Men movies more than anything else and entertaining - look over them and try to look for sources when you do not have any help.
