The monster wheat of the cash cow franchise. Simple superhero flick. CGI performance. Gavin Hood's "A Series of Improbable Events." The unification of the monotonous fighting scenes was a disparate attitude. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here but there is every cliche charts per minute: the promimial scream is looking upward and kneeling over the murder girlfriend. Rebel military commander. The predictable double crosses. Avenge for a slain girlfriend. Ignored memories. The last minute is a bad character that morality has invented. False failures to execute Nemesis after defeating them in the melee. Lover does not really die. Lover is actually acting spy for the arch-nemesis of the hero. Lover / spy actually plays a major role. Good people work hard to protect the kidnapped family members. Evil Mastermind fails to honor the assurance of bad employees. Old couple care for the tired hero and murder their troubles. Some deaths have been shattered to come to the scene before third parties rebel. The hero reluctantly joined the secret government agency. The ban on the Elite team for the killing of innocent people. Scientists were unable to control a killing machine that could not destroy their own creation. Even though the friendly government 'secret weapon' is well designed, it will kill the hearty heir. The hero goes away from the shroels and sees the trail of gasoline behind him. After giving everyone, the Flight Heart Monitor will capture a pulse. Evil Conductor explains plans for the hero, he is no longer a threat. He is "better than" because the hero refuses to kill the defeat. The transparent comic relief character makes happy comments and offbeat comments. The heartfelt psychologist seems to be at the destruction of the killings incidentally. Nearby the indestructible Goliaths are surrounded by a series of walls and other physical injuries that kill just morality. Man sent dozens of enemies with unattached swords and enemies. The laws of common sense and physics, biology and chemistry have been temporarily omitted. <br /> <br /> "If you are twelve years old and live in a mother's basement, there's nothing here for you. Enough, if you can not get enough of the genre so you can not get far off for superhero films and discount all I wrote.
