I am relatively late in the work of the filmmaker Yasujairo Ozu, who, in the WWII era specifically exemplified the views of the life of the Japanese who bring about universal truths. Now I believe that many of his landmark films like "Late Spring" and 1953's "Tokyo Story" will produce a unique gift that gives a sense of the feelings that originate from Ozzy's interpersonal controversy, through elliptical stories and subtle films. This is generally the great wish of Taiwanese director Hush Hssoo-Haseen to pay Ozeki's honor in his centenary with the film 2003. In addition to co-writer Tine-Wen Chu, Hosso-Hysian gets the visuals correctly but holds the necessary emotional weight to allow for the necessary glacial passing. <br /> <br /> When the story came from Yoko, Taiwan, she was a young Japanese writer who was born in the 20th century Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-yi Tokyo. After 25 minutes of her role, one of her pupils in Taiwan tells her father and step mother that she is pregnant. At the same time, Yoko's coffeehouse friend, Hazim, is busy with a bookstore and it seems to be in love with her. Hesiod-Hsiene connects this narrow plot line. The silence has an expansion of stretching as well as an abundance of scenes that have trains. While these techniques are in line with Ozu's style, the Hosso-Hassian characters do not appear to dive into the 'dice, Ozu maximal fluidity and less theaters, particularly the Yôko's unfortunate drama scheme scheme and her parent's response to overly interest. In fact, the whole picture is the atmosphere of tiredness about it, which makes the movie feel inferior. <br /> These shows are usually not remembered. Joc popped up a natural flexibility with Star Music Yo Hito, but Tadanob cousin like Asano Hezima. The rest of the characters are just Nancy Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yoko Parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work, but he violates the cardinal regime of Oz cinemas, without keeping the camera fixed in shops. With Hitto he sings the "Hi-shiian" pop song used to end credits. The DVD has an hour-long French-made documentary, "Metro Lumière", which actually helps provide some of the context for the film Hsiao-hsien's approach. "Oquinas Flower", notably "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", surprisingly, the pictures of Ozu, particularly the "Equinox Flower" ups, to show parallel with the film, in some scenes and situations. Interview clips of Hittoto, Assano and Hssoo-Hesseen, as well as a movie trailer.
