Creeps 2 is an unfortunate sequel to Creep's Howard, originally of George Romero (overrated). After a Romero movie directed by Romero, any sequel has come up with big boots, most likely he thinks Roma fans are there. I do not care too much for the first film and funny enough, I do not care much for the sequel. The film's range is quite probable, but it was short because two pictures were less than Stellar. <br /> <br /> The big problem with Cris 2 is that it's only three stories (except in the middle of the story), and the first story sucks beyond belief because it's almost half the film is really good. I saw CS 2 in the movies and the first part was a real groove. Anything dramatic with George 'I can not work' Kennedy is doomed automatically and the story of the Indian idol is very hokey and just does not belong in this sequel. So after a really smooth and dull start, just two other stories stopped at the start of the fiasco reverse and unfortunately two stories were not great enough for me to forget the first story. The RAFT and Hitachi have moderately succeeded, since two other departments have their own moments, and they still come to the solar flat. The two final stories are primarily stretched too long. I did not want the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and the fast conclusion, but the good ideas found inside those stories have been canceled by the fact that they eventually padded and actually eventually flat when they needed slower and padded and ultimately more energies, more arbitrary and punchier conclusions. Moreover, if these two stories are not expanded to paddle or three sections are much better with modifications and directions, they have added a fourth story to the bunch. <br /> <br /> Acting and writing in the RAFT and Hitchchere sections are good from awful. I liked Lois Chiles in the last segment. It is probably her best moment on the screen from her character like the death of Bond Girl Holy Goodhead Head and Nile in Moon Rider. But her role is also difficult to understand at times because the direction of service and the unexpected story. Do we hate her or sympathize with her? Do we feel sorry for the annoying hitchhiker? If other people found the hitchhiker body on the road, what was he doing when he attacked Chilles? What is he or a ghost or a zombie? How did he leave the rest of the people who discovered the body to attack Chillis? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. <br /> <br /> The infamous RAFT story is good, acting is on the horrible side, and none of the characters are sympathetic or interesting. The characters themselves were more interesting. None of the actors persuaded their particular roles. Paul Satperfield is not as convincing as the actress's typical Bitchy slut as he is smarter than the mute joke of playing and his girlfriend. She is very vulnerable. The same can be said of two others who play "plain" teens. The idea of ​​killer oil cartilage is interesting and creepy but not well executed. The story must have a fifth role, possibly a homeless person or a ranger that is hidden behind the lake and an oil slender and is the alter ego of the types of water monster. Due to the confusing oil spots, it does not make for a compelling "role". And the way the story ends, everything is pointless. <br /> <br /> "Case 2 is more expensive than the payment you pay on the big screen.
