We're all in, watching a bad movie sitting with some friends, how horrible it laughs and how little is acting; Finally the credits roll and everyone looked around, "How did this film pay for making this script for a movie?" Instead of asking for how this garage budget is, Jag is not that kind of film, you wonder why the makers have shot the artillery into the sun. Yes, Zigzag is probably the worst movie ever made or ever produced, coming from a person who has seen the Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The film starts with a kind of college classroom, I'm not sure what kind of class is, but it is an art class. Now the Doorks are given a final plan by their idiot teacher, five of which are pieces of drawing and they say that it is designed to fit, and there are only six students in the whole class, A Goth chick gets a free A for her! A week and five students, plus a mate, plus a Hillbilly husband talk to them and complete their project, tell the others why they have put together pieces, head, hands, legs, and why they have chosen their special designs for their full benefit of this creative achievement, The left hand puts a chamber blade and another Getting a gun, it's a bunch of broken ceramic and some magazine clipping on the left is very bad to get a camera in the head of the head, Alla Hellraiser 3, some bottle rackets for a beautiful mo-hawk. Now drunk teacher told them they will burn the man after they spilled all their specifics about their specifics, now named aptly jigsaw. Now this is a pretty horrible movie fair, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but still jazz catches after the fire takes a turn for things worse, is still pretty acceptable ... the space comes alive .. how do you ask? I can not imagine that authors are unable to think of a realistic two-pound valuable way of life (because the guy in light, the bowl of lighting, the voodoo priest) can work anyway. Once Jack comes to his life, he uses his new abilities to run very slowly and destroys his mold fingers. First he kills the cool guy with some bar wire, about to get with a hot chick is more important than what was before him before he decides to land the beer to drink in this guy distance. Jack sees a sexy girl in an interview with him, then an old man gives a slight turn back on his head, looking at a dirty South woman and looking at her Hillbilly husband; Jaa then kills the attractive person with the headless deception. Did I know that the body parts from the victims were made to create a human code for itself? No! Do not show their terrible creation even if they are not very important, do not even show them to steal a torso away from his poor creators (perhaps he's trying to create in-living color in the head detective). After the killing of five teachers and the rest of the girl who is a daddy, the Gujarat jigsaw only needs the head to finish his cast yet, he still does not want that. So he is a coward who is a teacher and sacrifices to the guru, sacrificing the jag that he tries to go with his electric buzz with his buzz. It's not about the ending of the movie, t even get a description of how the teacher has come to life, why he has killed the teacher or the girl to see what is happening, or why he cleaned himself after he was burned. The film is very insulting, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; Lifetime memories, jigsaw, jigsaw, jigsaw. Thanks for the whole recall! Judge ruled, see only the jigsaw if your plans were removing off your jantals.
