This film disappoints me. Acting is worse. Unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is very clear: an independent actress is a passionate play stage and instead begins to live the lives of the characters they play. I have been watching many movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and I have not seen all the way for a long time. I thought I did not need to look at that eventually; <br /> Some believe that this "modernization" of the Gospels is sacred or brilliant. I can not speak because I am raised in the Christian church. That being said, I grew up in the US and I live in a growing Christian culture. I'm curious enough about good and bad about Jesus and about modernization of religion. I do not see Mel Gibson's version, but I would like to have a favorite of all those who like it. <br /> <br /> Lots of these reviews are directed by Arcand and especially appreciate cinematography. I did not like it. This film is rather prudish and preachy. I do not believe the characters' personality and I do not relate to their lives on the screen. The play in the play is outdated and I think it does not own a real time production. But that's next to that point. For this work I had the strongest development of the characters I needed and the plot to support philosophical and theological questions. <br /> <br /> These two examples can come in handy in mind. First, there is a rebuilding of the parable of the money lenders from the temple: Jesus is a model and dancer who plays for a woman who is a model and dancer who falls for her to be debau by her Audition for a commercial (she is an evil producer and men shining in the audience) pants. He loses the place and chases them all. I expect the film to reach the film. The romance between the two is not entirely unilateral and emotionally recognized and the scene is not a salesman's death of high school rendering. Please stop touching me on the head with this high-head "prominence". And the other priest who asked the other woman to play and play, eventually turning them over, and today they are entrusting them to the Church of Corruption. Why. Why does she sleep with this guy? "It brings him a lot of pleasure and I have very little pain." Oh, saint whore and lovable old suite. This is not enough to understand Arkhand, but it does not bother to enrich and improve these characters. They are going through moves and I have come to go out. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me bored, frustrated or uninterested. Feel free to watch this movie and see all the beauty, mourning and inspiration, delivering as an amateur and gimmicky charade, passion. Your redevelopment ideas have been proven and I feel that any understanding of the artistic integrity left for the monotonous drift. But do not say I did not warn you.
