"Kings and Queen" is a bloated French play, not a point or a point that is not visible for two hours and thirty-two minutes. <br /> <br /> This movie will have two stories, eventually connecting with about one half of the film. Norah is the first to be around the neighborhoods and she struggles with different men in her life, and she learns of her life, including her elderly father. In other stories, a young man named Ismail is a violin separator who finds himself - unjustly, believing - through the machinations of an unknown third party in a mental institution. Shortly after passing on special tracks, these two heroes eventually become Nara's ex-lover and will eventually be merged when she learns her son to be the first to choose from a tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a bit more attention and with a considerable number, "Kings and Queen" can have a powerful, immersive play about modern relationships. It definitely has moments of amazing insight and emotional energy, and shows, for the most part, are complex and touching. However, the whole picture, the filmmaker and the firearms are very clear, this will ruin our patience and begin to start with the opening welcome. Although we have spent a lot of time in the company of this firm, we do not know much about what to do when the show ends. For example, Norah's father, unable to absorb the woman we are looking for in two hours, writes of the boredom that moves against her daughter and her daughter's role. Noora is not acceptable Mother Teresa (then, again, who?), But she certainly does not deserve the catalyst that her own father threw at her. Even though Nora's times are confusing, confusing, and slightly self-absorbed, is it so bad that his father can give his cancer and die in her place? <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie is just a deep work. But the author nominator Roger Bobot and co-writer / director Arnad Desplain fully describe their purpose. This is a good acting, film that takes the viewer in a long, rambling voyage through the sea of ​​personal crises, a journey he is wise or more enlightened at the end than he was in the beginning.
