"Roos et Rhine" is a widespread mess of the film, which makes it irritating to many audiences. It turns out that their former ex-lovers Norah (Emanuel Deauz) and Ismail (Matthew Amalik) faced a major crisis in each of their special lives. Although Norah's story is straight and sound is over, Ismail's main laughs are not particularly funny. Norah's crisis was triggered by her father Luis (Maurice Garrel) terminal illness and was inspired by a mysterious third party in a secret hospital in Ismail's secret hospital. Ismail and Lewis are just two of the men who designed Norah's life, and she impressed her, the most popular of her now beloved Priya Pierre and their young son Elias. Past and present events are played to the audience, and the former love story involves the life of each other, as Nera's personal story reveals that her life story is less reliable than the eye first. </ P> <p> Cult director Arnold Desplen has a substantial failure here, which has earned the mainstream praise in France. He intentionally removes the set up meeting and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in the mood and tone. This approach may have worked if it was established on a coherent unified core idea or theme, but eventually the image of the despkkin is unclear what is actually. Greek myth and the Freudian theory have huge references, but apparently without meaning, this role-free film production is useful in at least the characters' lives brighter and interpreted. At other times this treatment varies in Kitsch, but the cinematic sound refers to the use of "Moon River", which is probably conscious. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler warning ** I suspect a major theme is not a real scrutiny of how we look at how we see others or how others think of us. Pierre's violent death and loyalty in Louis's secret diary is clearly represented in this regard, but unfortunately two incidents have been exposed to Pierre and Louis's audience with Nora's relationships. . It is fraudulent in the part of despulchin, as it does not naturally describe us naturally, but we are thinking of ourselves in the innocent form. One or two dark surreal vulgarities are intended to threaten the alternate, often unconscious world presence of individuals, but the dominant intrusions of filmmaking techniques rather than explosions from the underlying deep reservoirs of the story. Of course, for all the heavy hand references at depth, the characters are interestingly undeveloped and unnuanced, as they work more as ciphers for their creator's many ideas about people than their own rights. The details of their lives are unilaterally applied, rather than organic. For example, Ismail, as we recall from time to time, is a violin player, but we actually see him or he takes more than two hours to hear him play, and his personality has not yet explained the effect of his chosen instrument or career. Hence, he may just be a marine biologist or trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalic brought some manic charm to Ismail, who was not ill, but ultimately inquired, but I found Devosa cloing and Monoton (although it may be deliberate) as an elusive note. Meanwhile Ismail's father, Elsa Valiestone, Jean-Paul Rucilian, his psychologist and Magalie Ochch, is a psychologically injured but refusing cinologist in a hospital. Catherine Deneuve is also present, but her character is slightly more than self-suggestive comio. <br /> <br /> Finally, "Roos et Rain" is a very tasted taste. If it fails to push your buttons, despatchin's disciplined and the florid approach is also discouraging and discouraging.
