This is another one of the 'humans vs insects / environmental horror' symptoms; A theme popular in the late 70s. You can not really call it horrendous. There are no zero suspense and gruesome events. In other words: this film is very lame. It's not really bad or something; It is very boring. A construction site near the hotel uncovers the big nest. Then their bite was poisoned due to the different pesticides that we used later. Some have bitten and moved to the hospital and it will take the age to identify what is happening to those who are in hospital. Robert Fox Worth first realized it and you would see him with the dugging machine for several hours. Then they flee at home and are waiting to save. And, man, you have to see all the efforts to save them. I will spare a lot of money, but at one point they also use a big helicopter. At all times when I was watching, I was thinking and thinking: "For hundreds of people, I'm sure you've got boots, come out of the building and the ants did not meet you." It's pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> In fact, ants and pheasants have a lot of things in the whole movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part is: When the actors are breathing through straws, they will crawl on people's faces. <br /> When you look at ants with extensive shots, they really stick to the wall like a black rice. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came to an end. No, there is nothing with a twist in the plot. It was Brian Dennie's appearance as a main-fire character. Ehr ... what else can I say? This movie is called Locked Manor AT HAPPENED but I read my copy's box-art ANTS and the title is at Panic at the Lock Locked Manor during the initial credits. There you are. Now, from the TV movie made from the 70s, I will be the last of the last time in my final rating. Now, since 1976, another 'human vs. insects' TV-film Sawe's Bees is better than this. I also wish to go back and add a few points to its rating after seeing ANTS. With the suspense, action, thrillings, shocks and creepiness, you're only left after seeing it.
