Just awful slasher, you spend the spring break in a Florida condo murdered by one of the beautiful wealthy college students, making from the grazing type of last-made Made. A misfire from each of the imaginable categories from the correctly built suspense to executed death scenes .. nothing can be performed properly and leaves you a little more than the roulette satirical images to see the characters get wiped out as soon as possible. The killer's rendition of all individuals, executive producer, co-writer, and del Tenny (Living Corps's Curse of I Live Your Skin), a priest in the role of a priest, is awkward and inefficient and does not surprise the person who sees it. There are very few jumping fears that can damage a friend to scare their friend, which can not make some less thrillers because they are calculated to be so tight. Most of the attacks come only to the throat cuts (or pools) with bleeding. When the killer is constantly trying to make his villain as divisional as possible, trying to make it as confused as possible, the killer is a long-term ending, embarrassing and confusing. This is not the only positive that is derived from the cliché and sluggish exercise, making many attempts to get their three-dimensional roles. And, for remorse, they have at least allowed Joey Lawrence to see something or to see us for over 90 minutes of punishing the hardship of sitting by this waste heap in minutes <br /> <br /> Beth Morgan, the heroine final girl engaged in Darry Barton, the killer, is more vacuous And not uninteresting (oh, in her rehab, and she takes pills for nightmares; £). Chad Allen, casting a title against the titles ("the first one from the first friend's disappearance, the idea he was the first victim") was a tough cliff to climb with his character. He finally slips up and stops to see him. Jeff Conwayva is in trouble with the fBI agent who is in trouble, whose daughter attempts to kill him, and takes him to Florida. <br /> <br /> Jack McGee has his typical $ 10,000 Role role as a smart-mouth Florida police chief, who often nose to the nose with the Kennewell agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question is not really. Once you get the answer, you wonder why you are sad.
