At the start of the film, his girlfriend began sneaking into the apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - the most talented guy for the film) did not like Wheeler - I can easily say a sentiment. Aunt decided to take this bland boy away abroad to stay away from Viveari. They left, and Veerrer invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to be his king. At the same time, Woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and he was appointed to be king. So when the wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight, but they refused because they were very disappointed, killing and replacing the kings was a national pastime. I am a comedy fan of Hollywood's Golden Age in the silent era of the 1940s. I have not seen thousands of people for these films and have reviewed them, although these films are my love and appreciation, and I have never been able to understand Wheeler and Woolly's appeal - the Ritz Brothers! Although in their small careers in Hollywood (the smallest dowry of Robert Woolsey's early deaths) is very successful, I can not help but practically every other successful team has made the same fundamental ideas but look better. For example, there is a lot of work in Marx Brother's film, Duck Sai's reminiscences, and the ragged actors never made me smile and Duck Sach is a crazy and most cheerful Rome. Sometimes, Vuerey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes were never fun! In fact, he just seemed to be out of sight. His funny quality is that he looked goofy - not necessarily enough reason to put him in the film. Moreover, the wheeler has a funny appeal of pieces of cheese - a very poorly sung cheese piece! The film was later made by Abbott and Costello's old Wadeville routine called "What's About", but it does not have any sparks of intellect or time. In fact, as soon as they opened their own, they ended up just a normal situation - you were bored early. I know "who is the first" for many years and have been used by many teams, but I really give Wheeler and Woolsey a fair shot and give it its turn. <br /> Again, I have found another sub-part film by this duo. I have to admit that I like some of their films (Silly Billies and The Rainmakers - I actually gave it to IMDb for 6 minutes), a great endurance test to complete. When I often see the pictures of Wheeler and Woolsey. Where is all the comedy
