"Bat People" is a proud of the bottom 100 of the IMDb. The film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there is a new film with Paris Hilton every time or about the American Idol stars, whether it's a major or documentary about Paris Hilton, which is always reliable sooner or later. And why? Unlike the worst of the list, "Bat People" is a legitimate bad image and it deserves to be irrelevant to any media effects or internet budgets! The basic concept is not exactly the worst image of having a specific charm and ingenuity, but it is still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The script is very boring, absolutely unnecessary padding footage and the largest fields in continuity, and yet the main characters are total strangers throughout the entire film. Unlike a brilliant screenplay, this film does not include amazing killing scenes and makeup effects. However, a young Stan Winston's courtesy is ridiculously useless and largely unappeared until the end of the film. The title of the film is not correct, because "people" are in the plural, the story is actually just a bat person. More than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman starred in the film and he has a real bat-cave and a bot-mobile (stolen ambulance)! The plot honeymoon introduces the young couple in the caves that explore the weekend. They get out of a guided tour team and he bites with a bat when trying to save his wife from the animal's vicious attack. He was worried that he would be infected with rabies, he was seriously treated at the local hospital, but it slowly becomes a bloodthirsty bot. He is killing random people at night with suspicious police sergeant and his loving wife may cause allergic reactions to treatment of rabies. Sure, honey! The script always explains why people will attack and John will gradually become a normal human being at the beginning of a new day, instead of the permanent status of Bat-Guano. So basically, "Bat People" is a variation on the good old wolf-theme, but it's not very interesting. The concept has shown a lot of power, but some sub-plotts are concentrated on the horrific monsters instead of concentrated wild drugs and distracting sheriffs. Some settings and outside shooting locations are impressive, while the misspit Song played during credits is fantastically impressive, the grammat is a nice bit during the climax (finally!) And the main actress Marian Meddriedo (but not listening to). In the bottom 100 this really bad and boring image is the current listing spot number 80, and personally I hope it sticks somewhere in that area. The list just feel without "bot people" and not traditional.
