Hello Mary Lou: In 1957, Hamilton cheated Bill Hortor (Steve Atkinson) with Mary Lough Mauny (Lisa Scroz) Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis) on the High School Prom. The Bill finds & has been destroyed, Meanwhile Mary Lou Promotion Queen announced 1957 & she will take the stage to accept the award. The Bill still hurts to play a practical joke in Mary Lou, who throws a fire on stage but still lights up the furry Mary Lou's dress, drinking Mary Lew in the second. After 30 years & Hamilton Hai it is soon to organize an annual prom night. Bill (Michael Ironside) is now the mainstream and plans to travel to the Prom as Craig (Justin Lewis), a teenager and two of whom are dating Vicky Carpenter (Wendy Leone). Bud (Richard Mannatt) is now a priest, who also chased both Bill & Bud on a terrible night 30 years ago. As Mary Laun's revenge was set free, her intention was to claim her crown as the queen of the queen, when she opened a large trunk, a day in the dungeon of schools seeing the empty time she retaliates to her untimely death. When Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) died of suicide, Mary Lou Vicki is close to her body. She tries to fix her prompt after throwing some competition in the shape of Kelly Hennenotter (Terry Hawks). <br /> <br /> Mary Lou Hamilton's High Promotion Queen boosts the crown in the body of Wiki, which Mary Lau makes of an unexpected form of returning to her death and truly launches the party. <br /> <br /> Original Prom Night (1980) & Director Bruce Pitman I Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not a good movie. The script written by Ron Oliver shows more attention to supernatural issues than the themes of moderate teen slazer, and I think it's a good or bad decision. Personally I found all of these different aspects that really do not gel or work well. Mary Lau dies in the opening scene for about half an hour and then die for another half an hour plots until Vicki finally gets caught. Fearing the climax for a climax where the one at a bad Mary Lou Pro was killed by a man before her devil lost, the scary film fans came and did you end up that clichéd 'killer dead & not ready for a sequel'? Monica (Hewr Beverly Hendry Beverly Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a lounge room locker, but did not expect the Hunt Body Count with five elements throughout the entire length of the film & the blood out of the poor Monica's blood. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night Night was shot by Vicky's first hour & Mary Louie, a creepy shots of a rocking horse that came to life in life, which is pretty cool, it turns out to be a wicker and a zombie's hand. The slaler's side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night Night was not the best, Mary Lou did not like her, removed her lynx liners and made her a great villain, even though she was not able to kill enough people. Oh, & Yes I get memories of running all the other horror movie director with past names of almost all of the character's participation, this clearly adds nothing to the film but I think it is a nice little touch. Acting, but generally reliable Michael Ironside lost and he asks what he is doing in this matter, it seems almost unpleasant if he ever works again. A computer crazy & electroquates come out of the body of the face (!?) & Mary Lou Vicky was the first cold zombie, which is a very cold zombie Cool scene. There are some full finesse nudity shots in the girls shower as well as your subject. Give some credit to Hello Mary Lou: Promise Night II is OK to see, there are reasonable production values ​​throughout & generally well made. Overall, I was disappointed with Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, not too slow and ultimately able to save my interest for about 100 minutes. I'm not sure whether I deserve a 3 or 4 star rating, I think I'll give it a 4 as it's not particularly wrong, I'm sitting through movies very badly but it's really something I'm scared.
