John (living in a cave, nicknamed Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, campers who made unlucky errors of backpacking in his jungle. Sharon (Tommy Barrett, the last real life partner of Gary Kent) and & amp; with their wives Steve (Dean Russell) and his girlfriend Charlie (John Batis) Teddi (On Wilkinson) are the same. To prove a point, the gals decide for the wilderness from Los Angeles who camping their trip to the point they will follow soon after. Teddi dies as soon as John falls to John because he has spent his life as men are getting late in the wilderness due to the warming of their truck. Terrified, tired, Paranoid, Sharon receives a very unusual help..John's ghost kids! That's right, John's children are in the jungle, spy on those in the woods, which takes Sharon a special flavor to safeguard and guide her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie find shelter immediately after pouring down and John's lives are dark at night in most caves. Cooking on burning fire, Charlie's wife smoked meat, from Teddy! Charlie eats out of the meat when he finds outdoors in his home However, soon after, fearing their wives, Steve and Charlie walked out to find them in the morning breaks. Meanwhile, John fights with Charlie, Steve, and Sharon in the fight for survival. When Steve faces a stiff fracture between two huge stones on a drainage river, he develops the already present nightmare, and Sharon follows his deeply young friends. Father can not kill. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (which also wrote and went on to break the film funding) is a breathtaking in the movie, the National Park in California, where the gorgeous trees are the great heights, and I mainly see the backwoods slashers for this purpose. For some strange reason, I do not find the direction of the Jones in particular, but there is not a fear, although John has some disturbing attacks using his knife (in a clever way Jones shows more than actually on the camera screen, and still something that still holds the gap Which is still available). Within such a scenic landscape, the barbarians will see that they eat through a maniac, that kind of terrorism increases. To enjoy a nice little day for a different place, to enjoy the city's folk, clean, fresh air, enjoy the scenes of a lovely scene, a creepy predator with a very frightening knife. Jane asks why he is a monster and tells his wife's adultery and replies that Jones allows her to reveal her memory (she also wants to punish them for a ghost in the jungle "for being naughty") She and her lover in the bed (refrigerator repair) kill . Children, sad and depressed suicide and now "wilderness" wilderness, still interact with their pa or who they choose. I do not realize a strange like the devil kids in a backwoods slasher are exclusively and appreciated by some, but I found it quite silly to take thought rather hokey and serious. They help our heroine get rid of some potentially dangerous situations, but it is difficult for me to be so overwhelmed. Music I found hideously 80's and the performances are not awesome. I understand that I can reflect the situation they are in, because you are very scary to spot a person who knows the area well-known and contradictory. This feast is above the woods..ALONE except the devil kids mentioned above (their shawl, their father, or their voices when they speak with each other)! Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, has lost bad clothes, and humanity. As I mentioned above, there is no illusion that director Jones is out of the great deal of knife flows, and in addition to the pieces he set, Teddy's murder, the increasingly engaged violence on the surface of a huge rocky construction, stopped her requests for John and cut off Separate from the predator Only a firearm is John skinning). I looked good and worse of the film, it would be best, with some effective shot view. I'm not devoid of devil children, especially rememberable.
