The title of this opacity and the slurmer of the 80s (almost justified) reminds me of Cure's mega-smash-monster hit song with the same name, and this is part of the concept in the title-section of the consumer comment. Even so, I have nothing to say that it is useful. But hey, "Forest" is not entirely helpless, * bad, indeed. If nothing else, at least it adheres to the adoption of the 80th slasher, unlawful, first rule: kill anyone within the first 10 minutes of playing time. You heard about the film's basic premise before the dozen, but "Forest" offers more than two impressive opaque cover images. It's actually a bit of a divergent 80's slasher! The main characters are not a simple mindless teenager and the script has rigid hopes towards supernatural. The concept is not always unsuccessful, to separate, but there are a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot twists to enjoy more than enough and to enjoy your attention. Two married couples decide to camp in the most isolated forests in California, but wives leave their husbands separately because of stupid bets. Arranged for the night, they receive clumsy visits from her two children, the kids themselves and the mother who is looking for a father who is hunting for human flesh. The mad family may be genuine or imaginative, but women are definitely in danger and by the time their husbands arrived, they were already disappeared. The men also confront the family, and they learn more about the background of a little dysfunction. "Forest" is an unnatural and exceptional image to say the least. It's not exactly the plot of the plot, but a completely strange atmosphere certainly appeals to the horror's open-minded fans of 80's. These murders are very gruesome and portrayed, in which there are mass murders of squirrels and painful scenes, and filming sites are very beautiful. The more you contemplate the story and its sudden turns, the less it makes no sense, my advice will be just a long time and it will have to enjoy this odd viewing experience for a minute long. Acting performances were just above average, and musicians and at least some of Donald Jones (the "looting-immune" chains of the chains "were responsible for some of the more than 80 horror movies). It's very bad and it will finally fail.
