Recap: Some of the mysterious dense stream of radio signals found in Antarctica ice. Mysterious black dug and carry a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI-worker, brought the message to understand. The problem is that one of the researchers is his old girlfriend, and the situation becomes discomfort, especially because other female researchers have practically denied him. And the ice block rarely melts quickly with the inner matter. Soon the object is open. This will continue because the object generates a large amount of electricity. It is determined to open the item, but before it happens, it will decode the Julian signal. "Do not open". But it is too late, and the object is ultimately violated, and the two things explode as the breakdown of the earth. The first is the alien who is dormant in the object, and the other is the virus that instantly kill the research personnel. And Washington, suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that things can not fall on the ground. Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons will be sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: This movie is a bit shocking. Carl Lewis, surprised at a good acting performance, and the other is much better than the ones that are particularly beautiful, good work and imagined. Unfortunately the story has a lot of its own surprises, and this time there is a good way. Of course it is sometimes so full of plot holes that the movies have almost randomly interconnected scenes. Why Washington has never really known so well, why Washington can order Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctic and now walking. It is really unclear whether the alien pad is broadcast in alien English. Some possibility is that the extraterrestrial existence is pre-landing and its language (and why explicitly chosen in English?) Is possible. But then the external aliens who want to save the Earth from the virus are so confusing to send the message "Do not Open" encoded! <br /> <br /> The movie is quite entertaining, but most of the energy (from me) is to be dumped to fill the vacuum of the plot. Thus the entire view of the film is not good. <br /> <br />
