I'm laughing. Yes it is true. I was really caught up here. In no way did it look terrific, but on the other hand it was frustrating in the fierce and crazy Anahita. The idea behind such a trim, less low-budget indie product was not bad, but it was a mess of mess and finally did nothing to me. It's ambitious and simple; It wants to exploit beyond reasoning and wants to do so in the style of elegant quick shooting style. We thought we were moving everywhere (hand held) camera everywhere (even though the van had not left), and sometimes some noticeable and obscure details were noticeable. Recently you are used for some kind of use, but there are times when it is very distracting and even bored. This will still help. This occurs a little bit of support (five late teen girls and laggards on their way home from late night in a football game.) On a road side, they take on a small car crash, which is bound to an SUV headlite, frightened, they run outside and a light SUV behind them That looks like an unforgettable moment in their terror a night In order to test Dīn), drama, cat and mouse noisy and relentless spending too much time out of the game. <br /> <br /> I guess I guess. Some moments focus on pain, depression, and thick cruelty (without the good use of the sound FX to make the images look more favorable and forget the other sound effects), but I also found myself snickering. The passages are real repulsive and rash, but rarely reliable. The random roles have never been as serious as the wounds you are convinced, although they should be perfect. See how blood runs freely, but it is not completely convincing and can get dull. A steady night car chase can do much before recurring. We shout, spewing, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids and so on. There are also very unpleasant details. To do something really little, it is less than a written script. The most horrible moments have emerged from it and are not deep in the characters and situations. It's a set-piece, awaits further torture and it has long since come out. Helping has an unexpected design. <br /> Presentations; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Daniel Lili, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi worked with their tragic characters and painted a standard chemistry to make the script's weaknesses in its role-foundation. Out of the flutter of Veronica Garcia like SUV's Looney Driver, there's something bug-eyed intensity? Yes something. The real motivation of her character does not exist for fear of girls and her volatile minds. I guess it's good to be mentally fit. Now perhaps the most strange soundtrack I have not seen. Terrible techno music, cheesy hard rock and a fuzzy sealed score. It did not feel too much or got on the way, but it did not stick out like a sore toe. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thyssen are trying to get their small resources out of reach, but it is also very aggressive. Perhaps it was fun to do, but it was not the case to be watching.
