This story will look like: a small town girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. She finds out when she arrives and he is not very loyal as he should be. Katie then ends venturing into the adventure that is New York. The bike messenger is good in comic and lovely hazards. She comes into a hole on the field and therefore meets the attractive good-guy Ben (Luca Wilson). It does not love at first glance, for her at least, but fate and Ben do not give up too easy. "Just" a couple of bad executors at a small town girl and a building company Bland decides she's the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Follow misunderstandings with hilarious and sorrowful consequences. <br /> <br /> People who have been criticized for this film will soon be proved wrong. Jokes are confident and appropriate, and the story is well developed. It seems so natural that the relationship between Katie and Ben puts anything to humiliate Goddard. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson once again surprises, because she plays the role she likes. Simpson is really our day Marilyn Monroe (she also has a scene that honors!). She perfectly balances between harm and madness. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson was never as pleasant as ever. He is covered in manure that he is attractive to anyone. Touching his light, puppy dogs can resist the difficulty in dog eyes and re-laid method. Andy Dick played a role in the role, who is one of two dually executive executives. He can not really underestimate. The performance of the show is in his captivity. It is great because most actors just run away with it and play for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In the end, director Scott Marshall created an intellectual and often funny comedy intended to become classic with the artwork of paintings like Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos to everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. Her heartfelt smile and whole-hearted smile also brings a hard smile to a big smile. You may be strict, but you are not tight! Warmed by their feet and once for all, recommend to everyone who finds a romantic comedy that is honest. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack rocks! <br /> Now you still have not got it. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
