<br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are watching the Lion King. Timon decides to go back before the start, that story really started. So they will go back. Earlier. Even before Sinba was born. Returning to Timon's old home, miles away from Pride Rock. Clan of the Marcats in the underground to hide from Hainas. The most terrible digger Tamon, a self-centered mercade belonging to the clan. His mother pityed him but Uncle Max moved over his head. Mother suggested to put Timon on the guilty fate; Timon came to somewhere there was a big and good place dreams. Only then, Hainanus Shenzige, Bonzai and Ed arrived and almost killed the poor Uncle Max. It did. When the other Marcots left Timon, he wanted to leave. So he kissed and started his mother's farewell. He did not get too far before he got home. Only then he met Rafi and taught him to see beyond what he saw. Timon does not have any clue, he continues and meets a trade with the name Pumba. <br /> They soon come to Pride Rock, where all zebras, deer, wildlife, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other plain animals have been collected. What's up? Timon did not care. They pushed. After Timon, Rafi looked up the pride rack. Just then all the animals took a bow. Should I respect the birth of this new king? No, the Pumbaa gas was gone and the animals were bent over to cover their noses; Timon and Pumba try to make a new assortment of new homes, but each one is uncomfortable due to the stampede of singing or hiems or disasters! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves heading down the stream. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to leave. But they were surrounded by their new paradise. It is beautiful: trees and water comes up to see. Typhoon Rafiqi: This is the place after the strange sentence learned from Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go out bowling for an afternoon buzzards when one suddenly runs into Simba. They take him to their wing and become father dolls. They teach him the burden of eating and breaking bugs. Soon soon, Teenage Simba takes Timon in a snail drowning competition. <br /> <br /> One day, Seba's childhood friend visited Nala. Timon and Pumbaa know that she'd break up her friendship. Suddenly, Simba flees. Nala and Pumbaa are his next race, but not Timon. He chose to remain in "Hakuna Matata", until he "talked" to some of Raficie he enrolled his friends at Pride Rack. Timon's Mother and Uncle Max then come. Simba struggles with scare, working with the mother and Max Hainas Shenzi, a big hole in the Bonzai and Ed Sign trap. The hole that he was wiped out by the henys will soon run. Then all is well. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the Marcats hacken come to live with Timon and Pumba in a paradise named Meta. Then Timon and Pumbaa suddenly want to see Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafi again. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, The Last Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. The Lion King 1 1/2 is not as good as I expected. It's very ridiculous and crazy. The original Lion King is a masterpiece. It has a serious story thrown in light comedy. It's just silly and its jokes. I will make the oath, sometimes the tymon and the pompas are very small. They're no longer just overplayed by being just annoying, funny. The original voice cast is retained: Timon as Nathan Lane, Pumbaa Ernie Sabella, Matthew Broderick as Adult Simba, Sheenigga Wopi Goldberg, Bonzai as Cheese Marin, Jim Cummings et, Robert Gleem Rafik. The cast is a newly-timed series of Tim's (long) series The Simpsons's Julie Kavner Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller Uncle Max. However, the film is not The Lion King III, and this is not the second because it is not II. The paths that are away after Part I and Part II are exactly the same. Hence, it is 1 1/2. In the end, I do not recommend this hard to die hard fans of the Lion King because I am very uncompromising and frivilous. Children will love it while I recommend them. I hope also will be the last Lion King movie. Two fits. "The Lion King 1 1/2". <br /> <br /> We are looking forward to the Disney sequel makers. <br /> <br />
