In the last century, a producer and his team survived the discrete bell mansion for a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beel family. Even with caretaker warnings, the director did not pay attention to the cursed home. One of the crews found a book entitled Tibetan Book of the Dead and used a portion of their script. <br /> <br /> Boring, confusing and compulsive all roll up one, this poorly equated midnight horror product. It feels like an eternity, it is somewhat effective or effective from good ideas. Although director Paul Harrison's clunky, tensionless direction built a couple strange, moody and weather set-pieces. But laziness started it early. The entire film in the film production takes up much of the film and is of little interest at this time. It's fun. Think of Bob Clark's "Child Dead Things with Play Dead Things (1972)", and now we get older actors in this episode. Nevertheless, I found "seven dead bodies" less. Initially, the script has some cutting intelligence, which is paralyzed, predictable and left with a number of unfulfilled possibilities. The cheapest foundation with limited sets does not help matters, but the daunting, dark look of the building has a creepy wind. Performances from the notable b-cast are primarily rigid. John Caradine in the small part basically lurks about. John Ireland is a hot-headed director, to draw attention to Faith Domager's washed actress and Charles McCall will hammer it. Slow grinding premises crossed between "ten little Indians" and your usual zombie set-up. Nevertheless, it sinks with its mysterious and supernatural edge. Hell they throw even in some graveyard action, there is no spread. Does a damaging ghana make its appearance? In the end, but a bit late. If there is too much resistance then it will be a little better. Just like the inspired beginner, the end is deliciously downbeat. In the middle of the bad, it constantly drags. There are no sequels in many scenes, and death sequences they are breathtaking and bloodthirsty (but actually poorly executed) movie they're making, then what actually happens is the zombie. The usual music score is filled with its vague, but frank gothic instructions, and the camera-workflow is filled with hypothetical shortcomings. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. The job is complete. It's a wrap.
