Although Dreamliners, Tony's success in Broadway's weakest year, called a jewel in stage music books. However, in the right cinematic hands, no one can disconnect the screen. Unfortunately, the transition to the screen is basically a reliable version of the slavery platform of its inherent weakness. First, it was not one of the strongest points of this product, and the film did not change that factor. There are a lot of songs (maybe a lot?), But some of them are especially memorable. It's a great song less than a dramatic set piece for Efeq (Jennifer Hudson), and I say that I am going to be - I have the best title song and One Night with the impressive accents. The film is produced well and technically well, but the story and characters are surprisingly fine and no resonance. In the early moments, some of the jamie fox's manager like Swegie is looking to move on to his actions, but in the next part of the film, if the story is trying to act as a villain, the film comes from the position of a businessman for a good majority. Beyonce Knowles is lovely and she sings perfectly well, but is primarily a character with all the surface glitzy. There is nothing literally in the whole film of Rose as the third member of the Uncle Nunni Dreamers Trilogy. Eddie Murphy has evinced himself as a vocalist based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly insignificant and is ultimately less effective. Fox may seem ideal casting, but he is unusually withdrawn and frustrated. The film's largest selling center is former Temporary American Idol contestant / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson, a temperamental singer who reinstated the gray and enthusiastic ending of the band in Efe White's role. For me, Epiph is a big problem in both the show and the cinema. The picture you feel sorry for her and instead takes her hand with ham-hand, but I'm sure this character deserves that kind of devotion. Initially, Effie is a part of herself, who runs herself for much of a bad, ego, self-centered diva that is more curious about what everyone can do for her. When she was unhappy with the crowd and booted from the crowd to the bad attitude, these allegations were well established, but she wanted to cut an unlimited slack because she had a great voice for the stage show / film festival. Although the attempt was made to soften the rough edges of Effie to make her look more attractive, the allegations still survived. Her story becomes more fraudulent by giving her more sympathy as she is a hard-working mother who can not afford her daughter - (like a merchandise card) motherhood makes immediate any behavior pleasant. In fact, it was only a big effort to portray Ephee's parents, to tell us about it and to have a scene where she had her bark in her unemployed office, and she knew she was not a "father of the girl" and supported them from lucrative singing. In a skilled actress's hands, the distance can be solved by technology and appeal. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actress. She sings well, but dialogue-driven movements do not come naturally or do more emotional moments. Effie's signature moment (mentioned above and I say ... no) has sung well by Hudson but is emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie will have to express her anger and frustration in her trouble, but Hudson arrives as a cabaret actress to cut a hot camp. All in all, not highlighting the emotional highlight one. The next episode of the film is a speculative melan of events that lead to Hedison's previous position, and everybody backs her back and allows the Lord to allow it. Fox's criminal crimes were unequally similar to the hardest record producers in the film, but in the film he seemed to be coming in, because he helped him enter the disco era, because it was funnier, a film with all depth of an ink. The ultimate result is the faithful composition of stage hit, described as emotion, power, or anything dynamic.
