Okay, I agreed again that Meret Merchant did not see Ivory (Distributor) films. I do not see the most famous works of the director, so my ability to discuss is minimized in front of the rays outside of the film's analysis. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, it was a romantic actress. In most love stories, he falls in love with the supporting role of the character, separated from the supporting character and is united with his or her partner (sometimes). The hero hero of this movie has already won the heart of his girlfriend but can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores and her name is Sajani, and they live in South India during the deteriorating days of Raj (the rule of the British Empire). Henry had been away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian worker, even though he was married and abroad. What's better than that? They often go away from close afternoons until some children notice them. Spreads to Sajanni's husband who questions his role with Virgun mors. She denies any connection with her, but Moises asks her to leave. Sajini commits suicide after rejecting her devotion. Please note that these events will take place in the third part of the image. <br /> <br /> This movie changes the toon and becomes a crime-play in the final episodes. <br /> <br /> It seems that the body of Savini came to visit the Moors family. English-educated assistant of alleged offender Moore's T.K. T.K. He knows about his employer's affair but keeps silent until his life threatens. Once he announces that he is innocent, he tries to regain his respect for killing Moore. T.K. <br /> I warn you, this is not a romantic movie. DVD cover and theatrical posters are an Indian woman and Caucasian man embracing a fine tropical setting. This image is captured directly from the beginning of the image, but quickly disappears. Then it ended. This is an attempt to invest on Western stabilization on prohibited love. It's not effective. The movie is not only love, but its characters do not have any personality. They are a pair of walk clocks. Moores is a proud white man, his Indian friend, TK Did not recognize the intelligence. T.K. His own inheritance and his educational background will be crushed. Woman is a woman who can not get a choice in her romance. Oh, and, of course, the death of the Moors family is sad about the death, but it is a little racist for Indians. If the tone is not as intense, I'd like to deal with these problems, but it's not. <br /> <br /> This film is not terrible. Unlike the funniest screenplay, it's not poor. All of the actors enjoyed and worked well here. Najitasa Das, who played the role of Sajan, is part of the spectacular Indian drama. Director Sivan also has an impressive resume. He recently looked at The Terrorist, part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie bad? Well, how did Sivan inspire him to direct the film due to the small film called Red Roofs in Israel. Apparently, this story is "timeless" and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in India in the 1930s. I have no problem with that approach, but I think Sivan is very inspiring at this point. Actors, cinematography, and set design are acceptable but unless you share the brightness of Siwan, you probably will not have fun. My recommendation is that you do not agree with him and want to see someone else. Final Consensus: * and *****
