For Laurel and Hardy's fans, it was a very sad time for the 1940s and beyond. Their contracts with Hall Roach Studios have expired, and now they have to work for "free agents" - a studio employer. Unfortunately, a French film company employed by Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and boys has not fully touched their comic talent. Plus, Stan and Olly are very old and the men of these elderly men looked sad and looked sad, not particularly funny. <br /> <br /> Stan was very ragged and the weight of Ali grew up to the point where he could just walk - so they were laughing at me in their very, very daunting destinations. In addition to their age, Fox Studios played the role of an assistant character, and created a parallel plot of a young couple who had been reduced to their time - instead of "hangers" instead of "hangers" ". Along with their age, at this age, at this age, very cute and cuddly Stan and Ali, many aliens of older Laurel and Hardy's of the 20s and 30s. It was a good film if it gave good writing and looked at the studio - and they used the "B unit" - with the best, second class support. Especially, very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the film are just terrible - dependent on a sloppy rear-project screen for the stupid chase scene - it's kind of worse <br /> <br /> Laura and Hardy's lovely zombie lovers probably Preferred image. However, for the lovers of the film, it really desperately wants to be honest about their excellent predecessors. In fact, before 1940, they were less than dancing masters for all their full-length movies. Unfortunately, it may be one of their best films in the 1940s. Unfortunately, it got worse - with bigger noise and wretched images like nothing but a trubble. <br /> <br /> All the positive reviews of the film in IMDb reflect the critique of the team's love. Is this a good movie? A viewer who does not already love with the team, I do not know how the audience can do it - can not convince Laurel and Hardy to be a comedian. But humorous intellectuals need something deserving of their talents.
