The reality is that all the art housing clocks (slow speed, long fixed shots, low overall dialogue) are actually used to hide this film really is not worth looking at here: no plot to talk, predominance) or cliché (the character of Terreseye), and their lives No one can talk. The film is centered around the woman who learned about her husband's prostitution. Instead of facing him, she reacts with remorse to her mistress. After her brother's fight and reconciliation - her husband asks her to cheat on her without knowing her for adultery. They seem to be reunited with a family. Two other stories - woman's elderly father's plan, competing with Guernsey and women's sister with her younger wife - did not offer any interesting development. The suicide of a woman's colleague is not the subject of events in the film. <br /> <br /> For any other year, this is not enough. <br /> Moreover, dramatic growth does not have any dramatic improvement, when the woman and her sister recognize a particular kit from their fathers' homes, and sells because of his plan of movement. Two sisters want this particular piece and have given their opponents in the past - more important than furniture: men - led to a clash in theory. Or a sister will be settled by giving the other way. Either way, this is not the most interesting or original development of the story, but it has some development. The film apparently states that this situation (both sisters do not need to take Strauss with her during Mark and another sister) but this does not make cheats from any conclusion: the scene just ends and the daunting and materialism itself - the problem is fixed, is not shown. <br /> <br /> Even if you are not entirely absent, the dialogue in this movie is very soft. For example, when Guernsey visits, 2 sisters speak for their opponent, which is in a three-line dialogue, which is the child's "Yes - it's not." Fighting and reconciliation with 2 sisters is completely dialogue - the most artificial, overly stylistic and unreal impression and significantly reducing its impact. Finally that woman - finally! - In a series of dialogs, her husband is supposed to believe in adultery - and at the same time completely unreliable. Husband does not have any noticeable reaction or if he is anything, it can not be shown. The woman did not tell her husband about her own prostitution. The woman, husband and their younger son sleeping in sleep, is considered to be a happy ending to the sister, but the characters do not have the opportunity to tell the problems of their lives before. <br /> <br Because of its slow pace, unmistakable story, redirection and lack of dialogue, the film is an example of an art-home image and a complete waste of time.
