This film shook me. This is just a stupid American, but I can not get 400 blows. Everything I read about this film is total rave, but I can not be interested. I'm sure it's revolutionary in film production, as all critics say, but if it collapses to the right, it really is really boring. Perhaps the language barrier, I'm not just "sensitive" or "uhying", but the case is that I hate this movie. This story is not bad; This is about a young French boy who is unfairly treated by his parents and his teachers, and finally ends with childhood comfort. It's also interesting, first of all. There's nothing wrong with the conversation, but it's hard to talk again because I do not have half the subtitles in the conversation and I do not know what's going to happen, as there is no obvious reason. But we were able to understand the dialogue, it got enough sense. The actors are reliable enough, but in these situations it is difficult to tell what a true person can do. So you feel for the main character, but in the sense he thinks you are in trouble, well that sucks. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he faces more difficulties than the last time, but these factors do not change much. And through the whole picture you realize that the main character is really nothing about it. So wait more as it just ends just waiting to wait. The end, by the way, is completely over my head. It was a lot of fun for me, and I could not get it. It's easy to spend up to the end. The structure is perfect, and it also makes sense, but everything really draw out. For dialog and important movements, this image may be less than an hour. That's not the end. Part of it is unnecessarily long shots, none of which is particularly unremarkable; For example, the climax of the main character is a country highway that lasted for thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure I have some in-depth meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather have gotten some food at that time. Or at least doing my laundry, or taking a nap, sitting somewhere to see this boy running something useful. <br /> <br /> The concept throughout the whole picture is that this is probably quite moving and simply amazing and it will teach me only some great life lesson, are I trying to tell him only the director? Single decisions. This, I felt cheated from a good two hours of my life.
