This film was translated as "four hundred blows" a mistake. Faireless 400 cups "means" to live in a wild life. As a Frenchman, I was surprised to see this great popularity, but not the best film ever. 1. Not the first film of "Nouvelle vague" movement; Agnes Voda's "La Pointy Court", (1956) "Hiroshima Mo Amour" (1958) of Alain Reinais, Claude Chabrol's "Le Beau Serge" (1958) Historically, "Les 400 Cooper" Overnight, Julian Duvivier, Henri-George Clozot, Claude Avant-Laura, Yves Algregate, and many others have withdrawn to ignore. This revival and this contempt is usually "novelette vague" and "novelette vague." You do not hear or read (or read it), a great generation of thrillers (known as Marius Tonnerau or Max Linder), some French half Or forty (Dvivers' sous le ciel de Paris), Antant-Laura's "douce", Yves Algret's "une si jolie petite plage" and "manèges") Find out some gems. William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zynmann, keeps telling us! 3. "Les 400 Cooper" is technically frustrating: it's very academic, it's the protagonist, the teachers are sarcastic and the memorable lines like Mother Claire Mourier (1960s to understand how fraudulent it is): your dad is trying to get his breeze (junior school diploma) And I got only my high school diploma! In 1960, 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Daniel should be proud of his mother! Should she have diplomas that impose her? 4. For the innovations of "Hiroshima mo amour", the brand new look and new "breakdown" content, "Les 400 400 Cooper" emphasizes prominence. Truffaut has only a new look, only the most exalted "Jules and Jim", incomparable Jean Moreau. In English, Jean-Pierre Leyad is listening and listening, but he is soon to be the most influential of his generation. (Kenneth Loach's "Case"), but frankly, the French cinema buffs (= Julian Duvivier's "Pole de Carotte"), Louis Bunuel's "Los Olividas") and later (Maurice Piilot's "El 'Enfans Nu" , "L'argent de poche" (academic "400 coups" but very funny) or his nice "Jules and Jim" "El 'Enfant Sauvage" (a film honest, true and commercially inexpensive) Ickak pastiche "vivekt dimanc". <br />
