This is the principle of Frank Zappa, "Music Journalism can not interview people who can not speak to people who can not read." If you need proof that you can not talk to musicians, it's a movie for you. Recurring attempts at surprise end in monosyllabic comments provided in unsatisfactory tones: "Wow." The movie is ridiculous, but most of the dialogue with Yusuu Nour and his merry men (and a token woman) is music saving day. The main idea behind the film is interesting (dredged out inarticulate commentary, what I called the main idea) is interesting. Gary has a collection of musicians from the United States and Europe, and from various styles of slavery and from the enslaved music, their origins in West Africa's music and the ancient slave fortress of the Senegal Coast. We are treating the gospel, blues, jazz and variations, including two wonderful drumming in New Orleans and Senegal. <br /> <br /> Sadly, it is another weakness. N'Dour has never been fully clear what he wants to achieve. For a while, the film appears as a workout on self-promotions in the episode of N'Dour. He wanted to play his own music, somehow jazz and demonstrated in some fanatical organizations he liked. He was apparently a little bit embarrassed and initially received the curator's blessings of the film's Gothic Museum. <br /> <br /> The conflict between different agendas appears in many other places. For example, anyone can think of a black musical story without a Gospel band, but Na'Dor and his colleagues are Mosslés (repeatedly throughout the film). The full opening scenes of black Christians are uncomfortable and then they disappear from the narrative, the closest empire group (the only black Christian holding a tone) at the end of the film revolves around Dakar. (To be fair, they perform triumphantly and show the best part of the film.) If the Black Music story needs to be accepted in the Gospel direction, why not even in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there's Europe. There is no composer of Black Diaspora Carrier's production, because the Austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from Luxemburg chose to draw. Are they in team because N'Dour is playing with him? Amir Baraka (akee liro Jones), New York 60 bitanik / Black Power / Nation of Islam, the long process of trying to rebuild the cultural resurgence of the kind of person I am very annoyed. Hearing people speak of the importance of "knowing your history", then ignorance in the breath is permanent. Why do African-Americans take their Arabic roots an Arabic name? Why do they think that Islam can be more admirable than European Christianity? Who has established trade in African slaves in the first place? The film does not have much of a situation in West Africa today as a result of the "current conditions" of all the bright and best 300 years passed. Senegalese is a poor but happy, musical gift of folk, friendly and welcoming, respectful of their elders (and not above the Americans who are visiting the fish market). Is this racial discrimination or just my imagination? <br /> <br /> There is no comment on the armed guard that the nadore and camera crew needed for the opening scene when walking through the dakar streets. <br /> <br /> The slaves from the Dakar from the movie come from Dakar. The similarities between the New Orleans folk drum style and the Senegal folk drum style are cited in evidence. The last thing they heard before the slaves were sent to their homeland's drumming, and they gave them a farewell command. Unless, of course, slaves from the Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were acquired or traded from the interior of the coastal Senegalese and are currently sold to businessmen who have no European power, which is presently the fortress of the Gorée slave. Dakar is not the descendants of Africans who escaped slave trade? More chance ?? Their black brothers are descendants of people who have been sold into bondage and exile. <br /> <br /> The two Agendas Clash is in the final part of the film again. There are two different conclusions. On the one hand, N'Dour and Co conducted concert conducted and prepared along the way and they were delivered to the courtyard of the Gori slave castle. The other end comes when the Harmony Harmonians sings the spiritual "Return to Glory" on the seashore of the slave castle. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to believe that performance is as impressive as it seems, but it is deeply moving. <br /> This is a flawed picture. To be blurred of the story, trying to tell and confuse in other directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional twists. Do not look for it (listen to it) for music and feeling, but do not imagine an enlightenment or intellectual perspective.
