"Her Cardboard Lover" is Narama Shearer's last film. She left the films and joined the Board of Directors at MGM. It's a good move for her. "She's a cardboard lover" is a talkie and boring. There are only a few cast members with spoken parts, so they have so many conversations to talk to the turkey floating. <br /> <br /> This story is a good idea about a wealthy woman (Norma Shearer). Her Playboy Foyer (George Saunders) hired a man (Robert Taylor) with jealousy. I am surprised that many of the toxic scenes between director, George Cooker, Ms. Shearer and Mr. Taylor did not diminish. Mr. Cooker performed well for Ms. Shearer in "The Woman's", but not in the film. <br /> <br /> The best performance in the film is Robert Tyler. In Mr Taylor's career, the film was best-known comedies and "Wen Ladies Meet" in 1941. In 1942 he gave his best comedy performance in "Herculesboard Lover" and was his busy dramatic performance at Johnnie Eger, a busy year. I think of all the actors in MGM, Mr. Taylor worked with all the major and minor actresses. Also, MGM Mr. Taylor make all kinds of movies - they were very successful. That is why MGM kept him for 25 years. <br /> George Sanders is very good as a social heal. Eight years later, he played a similar role in "All Above Eve", for which he won an Oscar in a supporting role. In the case of Ms. Shearer, this is one of her worst performances, she is joking and not too dramatic to this comedy. She was fantastically excited about the great humor in "The Woman" in 1939, and she performed well. It was clear that she was too old for her youth in "her cardboard lover". <br /> She and her Mr. Taylor did not make another dramatic film like their last film, the amazing "escape", is not too bad. The same comments about the film are about Mr. Taylor's "personal property" with Jean Harlow in 1937. It is very boring, boring, and the actress looked old. Mrs. Harl appeared in this film ill, and no one in Hollywood saw him telling the doctor, so she died in 1937 at the age of 26. She has become a good actress and has gained good roles.
