I can not understand this movie too long, and nobody else can do it based on other reviews. The opening scene of the film did nothing with the rest of the story. In this, a photojournalist with a large meissime cancels his vacation to get out of his girlfriend. He has been assigned a mountain range for photography. It was rumored to be haunting, but did not say that he had heard from his boss or later in the film. While on his way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and persuades her to join him on his work tour. Throughout the film, this is a terrible musical score, most likely you have no noise singing that makes you sound like "Already shut !!!!" While there is never really what a person calls what it is, it's always about the film about becoming better. Beautiful mountain scenery and some true creepy climate. The scattered house on the mountain and the quiet, abandoned old buildings are okay. Fog nights are virtually visible, and no one can put an artificial fog machine on the set. And the idea, though not real, has the potential. But it is not enough to be good. It's more or less. They stop this run race by a strange seeker (expecting you to name Igor) with a hearing problem. The author looks at the lamp of his window, but the scene is very dark and I do not know what's going on. I do not know this is a poor lighting or poor movie transfer. However, never realized what happened. There was a scene where she was driven out at night. It is not clear when she watched the title witches sleeping or enchanting. When their car was stolen, another scenario was not explained, and again it was stolen. They will be closed in this clearly prohibited mountain village, whose only resident is this unbeaten old old woman. There are other things, including a locked wild man in a cave, an attempt to sacrifice the author (whether they kill her or her), witches and black women in a white dress that does not last for the last 15 minutes and its practices and beliefs are not explained. Even the ending scene does not make any sense. When all is said and done, many people say "huh?"
