The film is very hard to tell and the frustration of sitting is just too little. It is also said that the current available print is dark, frustrating, unsustainable, unclear, reverse, painless, seemingly sensitive, and almost invisible. The film needs a good remastering from the original negative, complete without cutting, and it's really difficult to see if it looks reasonably atmospheric (and won the director award at the Catalonia Film Festival). Then again, probably not ... It's impossible to tell in its current state. This is a very interesting start if you can get rid of the start-up of the full-fledged pre-credits called Gerda, a cat-killing cat-killing, snake-beloved little girl. The mother of the girls, Carla (Monkica Randall who hit the eyelid), carries a bit of gasoline and brat around the gasoline in the garage. As if she is mad as a young gerda, she goes to visit her breakaway photographer (former?) Boyfriend Mario ("John" / Cihinger Kafari). He is on vacation from work, but he has a lot of penance to get out of Carla, and he begs his employers to appoint them in an appointment ... Any appointment. Her spots "You're sorry!" As he led the door out. Well, Mario assigned the photograph "The Witch Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before he reached his destination, he took pictures of a hottie on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and removing the top of his bikini. Just a little bit absorbing, she says that she is a writer, who both are together, and then decide that if the mountain journey goes up the mountain, it's a big idea. If she stopped by her base, she could pack her bags, Mario suddenly heard louder and bad music. <br /> <br /> Both take their yatra to the mountain and take a stop in the local satra to spend the night. There they were spying on the window where they were talking about unnatural, partially-deaf, crazy-eyed difficulties (Victor Israel) and Delia. The next day, in some trance, she climbed up the hill and eventually pulled out of her jeep and was next to Mario, where she was running. When he realizes what he's doing, someone steals their cycles and is forced to drive a piece, and finally finds a jeep in a small, ancient-looking abandoned village ... where somebody deliberately lures them. That's exactly what we're going to see. In the village they face a friendly aging called Janta (Ana Farah), which states that she is the only person living there and allows her to stay home. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city, and when they develop them they are filled with wonderfully peoples. Not long after he and Delia start to get trapped in a "dangerous" fog, drag the night and get out of the camp. The rest of the movie is made of voodoo dolls, black cats convert to sexy women, santokyotic rituals in their bras and a deadly fall on a hill. And yes, incidentally, Karla's wife is also one of the witches. It all happens in semi-dark and to be very honest, I do not know what will happen to hell more time. <br /> I honestly have only a few things that stand out for me. Very good. Shepard, the first actress, has a great Barbara steel kind of dark and mysterious beauty. There is also an excellent music score (Fernando Garcia Morrison) and songs are included in the songs, which has helped greatly create the atmosphere of the film. The area work is very good, but as I said, this print is ugly and it's not nonsense, so be careful about this.
