In Europe, who is known as Who's Dars Visions; In America, it is known as the Final Option, but in any headlines this ludicrous SAS Action Flick asks the audience to put their faith in a two-hour-long one. Lovis Collins (here's the hero) I'm struggling to understand how Rond Moore's Bond film was selected as a successor ... this guy was confusing, waxy!) Luckily, Judy Davis partially redeemed a meaty performance such as a hard line Lady Terrorist , And director Ian Sharp is a climatic ten-minute joke in a very competitive manner As it happened the scene. It must be added to a lot more hope to come around this ending emotions, to be honest, wait about two hours. <br /> <br /> SAS Hard guy Peter Schellen (Louise Collins) is going undercover in a group of peace protesters who want to see a stock-piling end of nuclear weapons. He meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong spoken and confident woman who is capable of performing extraordinary steps to achieve her goals. A special group of Frankie invaded the American Embassy in London demanding the removal of a nuclear missile at the naval base in Scotland (when the real nuclear explosion was witness to the world, everyone believed that they were afraid to join her campaign for disarmament). Frankie unfortunately, she makes a mistake by taking Skellen on her little embassy attack, and plans to thwart their plan from within the outside with the outside help she has a little better out of her SAS comrades. <br /> <br /> The inspiration for the movie - very clear - by the awesome SAS attack on the Iranian Embassy in 1981. In the news he saw the incident and thought it would be good to create similar images. Unfortunately, it is ridiculous anyway, not so simple as Frankie's idea of ​​a heck (a curve-bishop's debut, which drops into a mischief) a lot of very stupid conversation and embarrassingly bad sequences, bringing peace through this nuclear film is a nuclear explosion She is in the edge of an interesting villain It turns into a funniest movie. Who dares to win a SAS attempted to be a celebration of the military legend SAS, but at the same time it drowned into clichés of mockery and ill-thought-out plot. As a result, the boy's own absurdity is completely thoughtful but totally ineffective.
