If my memory was correct, when this film was released it came across something of comedy - funny look in the adult entertainment industry. If that's what it's supposed to do, it really does not work. It's not just funny. Because of the lack of personal knowledge (I'm called comedy!) For failing, I'm not commenting on the authenticity of the story - unless it's the Toronto massage parlor behind the scenes - if this is true - life is pretty dull. <br /> <br /> For an hour, except for some background knowledge of the main characters, this film does not give us much. The newly appointed manager of Conrad Massage Parlor, whose primary job is not to give girls "full service" - euphemism for original sex. Betty's goal is to buy her own parlor to run her own business, she's illegally migrating to Canada to support her home and Lea - she, the role that can not define with a niche fetish, - who looks like in business because - well, she because! I have no idea about her role. That business might not be exactly as long as the movie /> and "Twist" about the movie. <br /> <br> The bad guy who tells Conrad to be well-reasoned mixed characters who are motivated by women who get involved. We've already done that. Girls plotted Conrad's secret plan and revenge - the only interesting story here. The plan is great for vengeance, and you're grateful when it comes out because you're wondering why you waste your time primarily at that time. I would have been more focused on the vengeance of the story though I did not think anyone came across as unusual, this is actually a fairly funny picture of the 4 leads from Leeds. <br /> <br, may not all be OK. Four characters are a bit bad. Cindy is a sympathetic character, so Conrad has been for a while, although he becomes a bad guy of the movie. Given the subject matter, there's a certain breeze of innocence around this too (and what a scene is limited.) Surprisingly little nudity is actually. As for the overall quality of the film, it shows a low budget effort, if you expect a specific griminess, I suppose that's a body rubber parlor case, so forgivable. This is definitely something that is not even deemed valuable - given the general lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - although this is now released 8 years ago and is still credited to the writer-director Soo Lyu's resume and said it was nominated for any genie awards - Canadian of Oscars version. 4/10 - and I'm being a bit generous.
