Warning: This review contains SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Do you wonder whether such actors, actors, actresses know exactly what they are saying? . They saw the script and said, 'Hey, the third kind of encounter of such a hit is not hit.' Unfortunately, it does. Did they even want to check the director's credentials? I mean, do you make a movie with the director of the film called 'Satan's Cheerleaders'? Gradient Clarke later directed the notorious "Final Justice". You will be surprised that the Mystery Science Theater 3000 people wipe out the 'Final Justice' and miss the 'Return'. <br /> <br /> The film is in a small town in New Mexico. A little boy and girl looks in a powerful flashlight beam.er.a spaceship and hovers over them are in a night supervised street. In the film's most deadly special effects scene, the ship brings them some kind of red ink. Clarke is dying out of the camera lens and looks like it's dipped in his licky pen, so you will be treated with cheese immediately. Anyway, the ship leaves and adults do not believe the kids. Elsewhere, we saw Vincent Schiavelli, I recognized them as an outstanding actor (both of them are supposed to be spectacular, to see the scenes in honor), or when I called him, Miner 1949er. He asks from the cave, and he and his dog agree on the ship. Twenty five years have passed, and the girl grew up as a cybersex shepherd who worked with her father Raymond Burr, studying unusual weather. Or something like that. Shepherd takes on some strange phenomenon in satellite imagery in that small New Mexico town, where she goes to research. When she arrived there, local cattle breeders were harassing her, and for her recent disasters, Deputy John-Michael Vincent would come to save her. Until now, the film is really drunk when both of them quickly fall, especially after the Vincent wards from the locals and the little boy who appeared to Sheppard twenty-five years earlier. During this boring mess, Vincent Schiavley, with his killer dog on his side, killing cattle and killing people he runs with an extraordinary object. Do you know that glue plastic sticks sell for tricks or trials at the stores Halloween, are you kind of shake to glow them? Schiavelli uses what appears to be one of the glow sticks that burn cuts among people. This is the second worst effect in the film. Every time Shiavelli is coming up with a glow stick, the scene's atmosphere suddenly becomes dark, and the filmmakers want it to be much better. <br /> <br /> The movie is much smaller than the film. The final, confusing scene is hard to tell when it comes. See, Ber and a team of scientists attempt to explain satellite imagery that Shepherd has found to be some kind of "calling card", but nothing makes sense. Why does Shepard and Vincent age and Shiawelly? He explains why killing cattle and people, and why Shepherd is dead, but when you really think about it, it does not make much sense. I mean, why would he kill John-Michael Vincent? After all, he has twenty-five years to do it. If the shepherd dies, the aliens do not need him, so why should he try to kill her? Speaking of foreigners, it is not clear what they really want from Sheppard and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting for a long time to intervene? How can they say that shepherd is coming back? The answer to these and other questions is not to have any more fun `return '. You still have bad lines, really bad acting, especially shepherd, cheesy effects and poor direction. Luckily, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepard soon starred in 'Moon Lighting' with Bruce Willis. John-Michael Vincent has acted in dozens of B-movies, often in over-the-top parts. Perry Mason made a pile of television films until Raymond Burber's death. Vincent Shiavelli has appeared as a great actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, acting as the official officer of the Krulie Langeachce Officer, produced an amazing film 'Alone in the Dark' shortly before entering into films titled 'Don in the Dark' and 'Recent'. No one ever needs to return their careers to 'The Return'. Zanthara Score: 2 in 10.
