<br /> The medieval 'B' Mystery was one of five films directed by Simon in 1942. . Surely he is more likely to fit into another Red Skeleton film or two in his schedule! Anyway, Grand Central Murder Thin Man Movies is a shameless rip off of minus wit, charm, and chemistry of Leeds. <br /> <br /> Van Heifflin and Virginia Gray play Nick and Norah Char - We treat a piece of narrow plate that we lose from the rok and the bush custard. He is a PI and she is his wife and sleuthing partner. They participate in a "ridiculous" ban. See? It is already different. Hefelin is the only one of the bigger and better things to give, although he is a bit uncomfortable in this regard. Virginia Gray is in another narrow man, but again, let me be stressed, this is nothing like this, what's it Sir? And this is what we are doing, because we really like the other movie (Think Than Man), Sam Livin is a similar detective who is the same kind of Demonk, and Van Heflein deftly directed him all the important leads. Hammam. <br /> <br /> Quickly, 'murder' is a bitch scammer named Mida King. She is wealthy until she is rich in wealthy men. She was cast by Patricia Dane as Head Lamar's C-version, until she opened her mouth and turned into an F, Mida's total inspiration for their own inspiration for the dead. The type of community, the hard-spoken dams, the thug, the ex-lover and a shadow theater impresario (Tom Conway, where the rare character of 'Frankie Siro' is burdened). Roman Bonnen is a nervous, distorted type, believing he has done it before. Millard Mitchell plays an idiot cap, in the running gag that he left, after the case is over, he can not be thinking of what he is waiting for (the right, Millard Mitchell, the sword). Finally, when we have never seen them, they have collected all the suspects in the place where they tell the story of the detective, the Rocky Psychological Notes to the end. In fact, on a realistic picture, I came to 1942 A couple of grand graduation shots are central, but alas, no. Initially there was only a very short shot. Thanks to nothing, Grand Central Murder. So, for the whole, a wee bit formulaic, but Heflin is okay. <br /> *
