"Plan B" is a must-have-number charge, except for one thing. <br /> <br /> John Chris is a "star" of the film and plays his usual, lovely, ego, active character, which is actually "Pretty in Pink" and is not entertaining ever since. It does not even hate to describe his performance. Ricky (Marc Madnessen) is a muscular, blonde, struggling actor who is (gap!) Worried and worried about his hair. Discuss stock role ... ugh. At least three other characters are somewhat engaged. Lisa Dorr and Lance play a grounded, optimistic, caring couple who is difficult to guest pregnancy. But since these are not queens of play, their characters are clearly boring and they do not provide enough screen time. Sarah Mornel makes rounds by playing Gina's rings, and your normal nice and good-looking girl just does not find a partner in love. I saw this role a million times, but at least her performance overtook some of the smallest problems caused by her evaluation of the situation. <br /> <br /> I am afraid of this film because of its normal nature. They introduced a Russian role to grab him and make fun of the way he spoke. He is jungle, innocent and amazingly painlessly portrayed. They're just warming up for ordinary nonsense about homosexuals. Gina decides to be a while since she does not have any luck for the boys. A. Gina was not that bad when they really went up when she brought a lesbian to a Christmas party throwing her friends. Her lesbian date has very short hair (as I absolutely do all the lesbians). She also got very worried (I'm sure all the lesbians) when Jina had nerve to keep lipstick (!). Finally, her date is just around the party that hits every woman and Gina is out of the mouth while expressing her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gay people are to be loyal for so many months or even years, right? <br /> <br /> The film sinks to the lowest depths of Chris's unlikely performance, combined with idiot stereotypes, though it depends on the tired and predictable campus to start the film. 2/10
