This is one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen, and it says something. Viva Chiba, heard in the chapter of Viva Chiba, will hear you stupid, stupid soon. The basic story mafia is running drugs into Japan and a man can stop them vowels, of course our man is Sony Chiba. Karate Master offers his service to anyone who can provide information on the pharmacists. A woman comes forward and he becomes a lifeguard, but what is her true intentions? Who cares me about this topic? Soon we will be treated or tortured with fierce dance-directed fights and sinking story that becomes more ridiculous for every moment. Sonny finally kills his karate, ultimately wiping out bad stories. Oh yeah woman is very corrupt. <br /> As one mentioned earlier this is one of the most deadly martial arts films I have ever seen. It's how semi-looking it is to see how serious a film can be. Some have already taken the infamous American intro into the film. It's probably the most entertaining part of the movie and it's funny. I agree with how valuable it is when I am in the 70s Karate scene. Aaron Banks abandons a man hanging in his nuts and turns away the fat student (bad editing) that is punching in the throat. But everything in this film is going well. Terribly unbelievable battles, fake I do not forget the fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and story. Is one person taking a whole drug problem in a country? I bet. Fight after the fight is ridiculous. The fight believes that karate is effective in a fight at the age of 70, but Chiba will reach a new level of nonsense. Let's see a gun kicks in half, his dirty teeth come out and of course the bottle scene ax kicks a guy so hard it seems to give me a break. It is portrayed very little because the fact that it is difficult to tell what the fights are going to be. A piece of fun he knocked on the doors and broke him with a combined fracture. As well. As the action continues, we have treated the knobs of the blood, really fake blood. It is said that it looked poorly and understatement. Acting does not exist completely in this film. As long as the action is good, I do not expect much of this caribbean film, but it does not expect and dubbing is very poor. Was it my imagination or did they go to Asia where dancers walked with black concentration? As you might expect from a 70th wardrobe, you will be laughing some trends and nasty women for the simplest nudity that comes with these sounds. As well as why the mafia is very clear and where the black trench coats and hats all the time? Try it now and do not hide it. The characters are also stupid. A Japanese pimp suit of Pim Club owner looks beautifully decorated and a fat hippie that has a taste for the head of the bors. And the last thing that hurt me throughout the film is also some of the awful music with whaling. It's very annoying. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a horrible film by both martial arts standards and good movie making. It's not that it's not entertaining. The movie is so bad that this movie is not too difficult to laugh, but if you're on the stomach. This is my oldest favorite watch with my best friend. I would give it a star if it was totally bad, but smiling it could provide it with bulbs. 4 out of 10.
