I do not really fail to see the true surplus value of this image. It's not bad enough to be happy. There is no sleaze or inappropriate nudity (although plenty of opportunity). There is no gore. There is no suspense in the first hour of the film. Several scenes featuring a party and locals playing fans of tribal music. The last episode is really funny on many occasions: you see these locals hitting horns and 'jumps' and you actually hear the soundtrack (badly synchronized). But they also added this funky bass-line to the soundtrack. So where is the boss player? At one time the locals got angry and started killing tourists. Why spontaneously It must have been because bad white people built this tourist complex because, according to their myth, there was no river-alligator-the wrath of God (I actually lost the explanation for it). But locals help build several months to build the tourist complex, why sudden angriness? And how in hell they manage to push helicopter in water ??? It's all crazy and nonsense. <br /> <br /> In one case our heroic celebrity couple visits this unusual cave, where the weird, silly old man lives. One point to the scene is that they are a "surprising" discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, it's made from plastic and it eats people. Me the same. Alligator is a rather crazy creation. It's too tight and inactive and does not flap its feet when it swims. Eyes do not move when the eyes are closed. I guess I do not know 'animatronics' in Italy in 1979. There are also local wildlife nonsense cut shots. <br /> <br /> I'm pretty lazy for the first time, because my cat is sleeping on my lap not only for the closure of this movie, but for the sweet thing to wake up. But the last half hour of the film is good. We must eventually see some action when the alligator jumps through its teeth and swims through a group of people wrapping on them. It's very entertaining (and funny at the same time) while Alice and Daniel are driving a van on a bridge and it will collapse. Here we see the match box-version of the van falling into the river. Funny. But neatly filmed. There are many other nice traveling camera movements in fact. For this type of surprisingly flick. I have shown some stupid details at the end of the film, but if you decide to see the film, I can not completely spoil it. My advice is to stay away from it. If you can see a good Alligator film, then see ALLIGATOR of Lewis Tegg. If I admit, is not an Italian and not a JAWS can not be ripped, but it is definitely more fun. If you are interested in other films made by Sergio Martino, then I would highly recommend 2019: after New York Fall. An over-the-top rip-off of every post-apocalyptic post-doom movie. "Italians" and "Rip-offs", both words are well integrated.
