A few months before I released, I saw the trailer for the film and MAN, it was scary, especially based on the real life phenomenon. I'm very keen and finally think that this is finally a good horror / thriller movie. You know how to make better movies than film trailers: perhaps by showing all creepy parts or overdreaming some of the items. Both of the statements of the film have been made, which will lead to my ultimate disappointment. <br /> <br /> "This is not a very unpredictable film of years". Hell, I was the most disturbing film of that week's release. <br /> <br /> This film is entirely based on "reality" actually takes place. <br /> <br /> This film is not the worst thing to do. I have to admit, it's my interest and Michael Keaton is trustworthy as a search for answers through the supernatural ways. In addition, this film is a big cliche. After John's wife dies, he learns about EVP, which transfers the voices of the dead to the electronic electronic devices. He suddenly received messages from his wife! Oh my! This is not just his wife's arrival, it belongs to the other dead. Gee, suppose. An image that helps the dead. Come on, give a break! Clocks do not stop there. There is also a clock-stop-same-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. The film is only cliché, it's not scary. The film literally has two jump scenes, and the two scenes are almost identical. The end is terrible, so it opens the door for the sequel. One of the X voices heard by the EVP is the only ending one message, with only 1 bullying and a good happy tune. Mood, you guys break up. Jeez! In the end, if you want another unforgettable horror movie, see White Noise. The only reasons I could possibly think that anyone could see this film is whether a person is a Keaton fan or they are interested in EVP. Sure, the EVP elements may be a little bit interesting, but I do not want my movie feeling shoved down my throat and blow up in my face. The film is scary, original and unhappy, but it's okay. You know that you have a lame picture when advertisers use the ghost to talk about the movie you are there. "I do not see this movie."
