The life of John Rivers as an architect and family member was his wife disappeared and took a turn for the dead after the death of a freakwish accident involving changing a tire in her car. Nowadays she is missing, he faces a man and he is involved with his wife and other wives with his wife. He says that the electronic voice is introduced through the phenomenon. Naturally, he did not believe it but listened to her receiving odd phone calls from her phone, so he did not have a man. <br /> <br /> When John immediately hugged it, but when contacting his wife, he did not like something supernatural to intervene with the dead, now I was sitting on my shelf, and I thought it would be good to see if it was not my copy. But I do not think that the owners are in a hurry to get it back because I can not question it again. Oh! Good. So I decided to give it a game, I was in an undemanding mood. After hearing and reading all the bad press on it, I did not expect anything remotely good, but I enjoyed 90 minutes of entertainment. Well, so 60 minutes, the last half an hour is pretty much a blur of chaos. This film is not good anywhere, but it's quick and quick, even though it's a very thrill thriller. I thought it was not a waste. The first hour I found some interesting scenes interesting and a horror awe created with slow progress of subtle rejoicing and mourning, but sin is then crashing in the movie. The expected forced jump scares fall on their own and that something does not just fit with just the case. It ends with MTV style editing and kinetic camera-work, which is not intended to shut down. The choppy and sudden climax does not understand what's going on. Full description of how everything is in the big picture is pure hockey. This is a very unsatisfying end because it goes for too big, but the rock hits the bottom. Until that point I worked lighting and showy camera they did a fine job up. This is the darkest in the atmosphere of scary atmosphere. <br /> All of these are very sleek and sleek with its fancy hardware, which is very clean and empty. <br /> <br /> The heart of this film is expanding in technical disciplines and letters and story. This is not just a connection and a perpetual feeling within a similar topic. Shortly afterwards, it tries to convince you that it will pop up in a number of blood-cutting things beyond the burgeoning thrills and the grave. It's a little bit of a bit after watching a mess on the TV screen. E.V.P machine is a star in this program. Well, it has more effect than limp displays. Michael Keaton is more than an actor who has the potential, but recently he has disappeared from the map, and here he has a treacherous performance, like John Rivers. He really deserves better though. Everyone is pretty fragile and forgetful. Not because of the performances, but the lack of depth in their roles. <br /> <br /> "Interesting for the subject and the Hollywood production horror / thriller recently enjoy the harvest and it's promised in its thought And because this over-production film is more than a good cast, it's just a disgrace that I did not hate, but disappointing.
