Howling II starts, which begins with Christopher Lee's bizarre and surreal early narrative, which is imposed on a moving star field, oh and a skeleton for some reason. He wrote, "I wrote that the inhabitants of the earth were drunk with his blood and I saw her sip on the hair beast and showed her a full golden challenge of filthy adultery and was written on her forehead # I was a great mother of the irreplaceable word Retry and tried, Sorry # All the Abominations of You Earth ". This opening comment does not mean nothing and is just bizarre. After initial credits set by shots of Transylvanian architecture, we are called 'Los Angeles, California U.S.A. The title of the screen that gives us information that we are in the city of Angels. I have a long 86 minutes. It was not after the events of the original hovering (1981) and after the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony Karen's brother Ben (Reeb Brown) speaks as a 'obsessive investigator', calling Stephen Crossco (Christopher Lee), calling Karen a verbal and that she will come back to life. Ben get out of such nonsense. But with Karen's friends and co-workers Jenny (Annie McEnroe) he visited Stephan at home. Steffan tells about Werwalls and how they will be killed, who is referring to Scirba (Cybill Dawning), queen of Werewolves. She also shows Karen's funeral photograph taken by Stephan Marianna (Marsha A. Hunt), and she says that she is the most vulnerable and dangerous Verraoul who wants Karen. Stefan said he had no Werewoves share through the heart with titanium. Ben Stephen understands that he combines Karen with Jenny, who goes to the cemetery where his sister's Gerry Stephen is to stop. However, many of the Werewolves were attacked by Stephan, Ben and Jennes. They survive the attack and find Stira in Transylvania. They all go to Transylvania and decide to stop Stirba and her Werewolves from bringing them down to earth by fulfilling the centuries-old curse. Once there they travel in a small town called Volváva, where 'wolves live' and what is the call of the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Kremer) and his small but Verulauf hunters' loyal group? Oh, and a dwarf (Ludmila Safarva), the name of Flora, is very helpful. They follow Marianna, they hope that they will drive them to Stirba. But Stirba knows about the arrival of Stephen, who has plans for Ben and Jenny. Can Stefan's plans for world domination of Stefan? Does the film get more bizarre or surreal? See it and find out. The film is directed by Philip Mora and is a strange mess. Some sequences are simply poorly revised to jump around. The script written by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner is the biggest problem, which depends on his novel, it happens everywhere and we do not introduce ourselves to any proper characters. Fortunately it moves like a rocket and is not dull or boring than the original. Something strange or bizarre always happens to keep the viewer entertained. Many people probably hate it, but they are among those who enjoy 'bad' images. It's just freaky to see there are virtual orgies. We'll get some cool Werewolf killing weapons. Sets and positions appear only out of place and I do not know if it was actually shot in Transylvania, but I thought of the Transylvania between the 80s. The part of Stirba's castle is in the dungeon, part of the Gothic castle and part of the modern luxury house. Streeba and her servant clothes are over-the-top, Stirba wears an outfit that looks like an S / M video and she looks pretty sexy, and her waitress is wearing a very simple leather dress. From the good to the poor, the dwarf eyes explode, someone has unveiled their arm and a priest gets out of the mouth, but it's plenty of influence, but this is not a movie loaded with gore, but with vowelf mutations and strikes. There is plenty of nudity as well as Stirba and her followers Werwall's real Randy Bunch! I should also say about music, and the soundtrack was dominated by terrifying rock music that I hated, and I ended up cutting the volume. All round acting is weak and what happened on Earth when Christopher Lee accepted this film? I'm wondering what he thinks about it. The whole thing in general is a real mess, but I have found only one entertaining mess. It was impossible to recommend but eventually continued to look at me. Talking about what the final credits removed from the scenes and cutting the footage, Cybely Dawning took on his costume and had a chance to cross his chest 20 times! That's your thing.
