Superficically, "Brigadon" is a very good entertainment package. Vincent Minnelly, behind Jean Kelly and "An American in Paris", combined many of the great artists and women behind their former collaboration. Cydis Charisse, the lead female of jeans, is one of the best dancers of the 40s / 50s film, and is generally the only one of the two dances, unlike the highest "It's Always Fair Wide". "My Fair Lady" and Minnelly's musical masterpiece "Gigi" are behind Lerner and Loewe. <br /> <br /> Lerner and Minnelly performed their lifelong co-operative juices at the best of "American in Paris". <br /> What's going on along the way? Why is the film such a stupid bore? Despite his previous warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner, Minnelly did not want her to do this film. The underlying conservatism of the film took two steps forward for MGM and one step behind Vincent Minnie. But once the inhabitants of the Brigadier were trapped in the limits of its city, Minnelly tried to leave some of it to attract Minnelly's attention. <br /> <br /> Previously, Minnelli hits "Sky Cabin" and "St. Louis Meat" aimed at the innocent charm, the plaid-tights residents have nothing in the ill-fated nostalgia of Brig. Highland settings are very unique to such exotic fantasy and are not very good for real human emotions, as its coward does not fit the sleek shining of "Yolanda and Thief" or "The Pirate". I was the only one in Brigadier, an unlucky fellow traveler by Van Jones, who was a bad guy trying to escape and at least accidentally hunted him. General activities in Brigadon's town are also very politicized and localized because of the backwardness of Christianity: they seem to be sympathetic in their aspect. For example, instead of Brigadon's immortality, the honorable and generously "good" Pastor in the town sacrificed his place in the blessed Blessed Refugees. <br /> <br /> At one time, looking for their own Brigadier. "The box office for this movie confirms my own suspicion that we are not looking for a very suspicious queasy paradise." There is ridiculous and almost insulting nutrition in the premises, but the players can work if they are perfect, but Kelly is the most influential thing about this film, and Luillé Bremer " And Thief "in the wrong view, Van Jonson offers the best version of Classic Oscar Levant Sidekick for Kelly (3 light cigarettes at a time, such as a livery at AIP) and he offers a lot of fun moments.With the great MGM's all-encompassing Big Budget Extravaganza If the best part is to have a thrown off Van Johnson performance, it may be something else Ptundi.
