This is not to pressure the film to give negative criticism of a film. After all I think it's too much to say, "There's nothing better to say there's nothing to say," we have enough advice for many naysayers to hear everyday. Although this is a reader to you, I was pressured to point out that the film was graphically hoarded by Christopher Walken's solo exclusion in the role of Gabriel. I'll tell you to warn you in advance, whether you are a fan of Death's Delivery and Style's style or you'd like to harsh "dispute". If you buy it, give it back. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What is wrong with this movie? The full list took a long time to read and you would be boring to the tears, but a small summary would be as follows: The crystalline clear picture pieces of the first image will be cut off once the relationship between the angels and humans of the first image. Gabriel turned out of the right hand of God rather than ill once he was (and this character is bizarrely funny in the first one) is a little more than a thug for heaven. Because Wacken is playing heavily (we all remember Frank White from King of New York) he is still enjoyable, but the careless and unbelievable mess of humans and angels who can not afford clock to support 50. Cents. If you find the plot, I'm a better man than I am. We'll be looking for a scene from the scene to the film to move along with Wayne's next big line. By the end of the last film you have requested, he will scatter his horn and fall on the walls of Jericho on the un-natural disaster. <br /> <br /> The Bottom Line - Our Intelligence They've made this sequel in the first place. The correct story for the original story, answered the questions, and then left only what you read. Even Lucifer himself was more interesting in the sequel - the priest who lost his faith, the "big secret", the little girl who kept her child protecting her children - is one of the first film than all the other characters in the sequel. I feel sorry for the first person to see this movie, because they can never see the real tragedy.
