I love you great movies faraway for anyone who knows too much I love you very bad movies, and I can honestly tell you I've finally seen one of the legendary evil movies of all time: MYRA is almost indescribable BRECKINRIDGE. The simulator of Gor Wiedel's best-selling book (after which he rejected the film version), star-studded Maira Bricenride was really bad movie motion, which was fantastically entertaining. X-rated film about sex change operations and Hollywood is a complete disaster at the box office and is literally on the screen by critics and audiences at the time of its release. Surprisingly, the film has gained a great culture status among lovers of evil movies and I'm really happy to see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Surrey took two other previous direct credits to his name at that time), took a lot of flak for the full movie, and honestly, he had a clue about what he was trying to achieve. The film is quite incomprehensible with the whole sequences summed up in such a half-hazard manner, with many scenes almost impossible. It is frustrating to use vintage footage from Fox film tunnels and to copy it in the movie in regular breaks. The earliest footage of previous film stars, such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, is often filled with new scenes of new sexual sexual acts, and this approach simply does not work as a result of the movie's screenplay and casting, For example, Scan film critic Check The film tells you that Reed (in his first and last title role) is a sex change operation and a beautiful sex deveshaw rockwell welch when Welch as Myra (film director John Huston), a cryptic female student (Farah) Favet) to the school's resident evil boy (Roger Herren <br /> <br /> It is better (or worse, depending on your point of view)! The epic screen of the nineteenth-thirty sixteenth sex symbol, May West! When she appeared on the film (she was retired for 26 years), Ms. West was 77 years old, and she was thrown to her by hunky men (a high-profile talent, including young men), Tom Selleck). Tone-deaf West actually performs two newly written songs in half a film, and I feel that I've seen eternal brain damage from listening to them! <br /> Obviously, no one is reasonably tasteless to be able to describe what a person can be described as "good", but I give Myra Brockinridt 10 to 4 because it does not always know what's going on in hell. In addition, the cast will be really difficult. Particularly rakwell appeared to be her hell to understand her poorly-written episode, which succeeded in her single to make the film look worthy. She eventually received some respectable criticism when working with a director with a good screenplay and ability. <br /> The cast of the rest is also good. There is some funny moments that endearingly over-the-top John Houston (really should have directed the film), Rex Reid is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly fresh faces and fond of. Roger Herren is also good, but he never appeared in another film (I can not stand as Richard Welch). As anyone imagines the above mentioned explanation, when she agrees to make this film, our West is completely in her mind - but it's a lot of fun for those who love bad movies.
