Miyarah Breckinridad is one of the rare films, soon established in the film history. Praise for the film is not entirely made, and also from participants in making it. This movie is hated from day one. While every now and then come across some maverick who praises the film (courage to solve aggressive feminism or transjudorism), the film does not develop a cult like some brutal flap do. It praises misleading mastery like SCARFACE or ridiculed as a classic classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly because the film is worse, worse, not loving, or unwilling. Myra Brockinridi just means plain. It's a Hollywood surreal cold-blooded and cheerful of the average, but a blank nonsense. Hollywood was a corrupt town, but Miara stepped up to attack loved ones as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. Everything about the film Hollywood seems to mean that its nature is awe. It seems to think that there is something inherently courageous about ridiculous cows, but do not supply a rationality for mocking in the first place. The film is also an anti-American and anti-counterrevolutionary and anti-counterrevolutionary and anti-counterrevolutionary, late-1960s, trendy way. Casino Roel is like; SKI- Doo; I love you, Alice B. Tokelas and other hip-epics, Myra is a middle-aged focus of the hippie-dying young culture. It seeks to embrace a great deal of disagreement. But unlike the cheerful self-gazing, Myra does not make any attempt to hide his contempt for everything that comes into its perception. Myra Brockinridge is a bully humor; It's not a moment of innocence. Its intentions are not honorable. <br /> <br /> For instance, the reviewing image of Paying May West targeting the poor May West is described as a reanimated walking corpse from an aging drag queen. The Octogenarian star obviously does not know how ridiculous she was playing a lcherous talent agent lusting after young men enough to be her grandchildren or her great grandchildren. But director Michael Sarney had to know, but he used her anyway. Why? Because, she is clearly joke. Like Jane Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and other celebrity artists, they are the only film to be blurred at the age of their age and use their image imagery to debris. Rex Reed, the proud, the film critic, is a self-ridiculous actress who has acted in the film. But the real read, celebrity hound, jet-setting, talk show gossip, will be beautiful in a harmful funny way; But as Myron, Myra's Alter Ago, he's just bad. Again, for Sarne apparently, Reid is joke. <br /> You will see Miara breekinigrid and you will not see the actors, you will see the victims. No more than Rockwell Welch. No one ever blames Welch as a great actress, but she is out of the film and her commitment to her career has increased and she is a testament to her request. With almost every scene, Welch aimed at misuse of the film, but she paid her extraordinary performance to her credit. In fact, the scene between Houston and the almost looking cataclyn west, Welch does not need much to strike a good balance. Nevertheless, she combines a terrible unpleasant conversation with a dark smile, with a suggestion of self-justification that she will be proud of the James Bond villain. The director Sarnei was repeatedly exhausted in the verbal abuse, citing that the legend was in the hands of West who demolished Welch and that another would not mention an insulting scene. <br /> <br /> Only the film that attempts to determine what the agenda of this film is. The whole story is a fantasy story, which suggests it is a moral delivery, but it is guessing someone. With all the negotiations to destroy "the last cattle traces of the traditional men from the race," it will grind a feminist ax. But as a feminist, Myra is a haughty guy, a sexual predator. Moreover, Myra was not a woman, instead she was a stupid boy of Myanmar. The male rape scene and the role of the character towards the macho can be explained by a sudden, deadhead rusty, but not his / her anxiety and leaball trip with Mary On's Farah Fouetet. The film is engaged in sex, but there is no allegation that the sex revolution is in favor; Not all sexual desires and insults, but not as dirty. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's original novel has not been helped because it is confused and not in the movie. Not just commercially movies, but in movies as well as in culture. The film features arcane references for wall-to-wall wall paintings, all of which will be confusing a confusion with director-screenwriter Sarn. He attacked the 20th Century-Fox film frames and painted snippets of old paintings, not a tribute or a social commentary, but to abduct the old Hollywood's innocence. How is an artist - if you generously want to call Sarne - if he hates too much medium of work already prepared the work of art? <br /> <br /> The Myra Brockin Ridge seems to be not just dirty but in harmony with the other. It hates Hollywood, hates sex, hates homosexuals, hates homosexuals and women, men and elderly people and young people and Laurel and Hardy, and you can name it and defy it for it. In a very sad and sorry way, Miyara BRECKINRIDGE is the first punk manifesto, celebration of pop culture Neilism.
