... and not the best way. BASEKetball is all too much of the film's waste in every way. This is dangerous to all feelings. It does not necessarily hurt me, I've seen a lot of bad images, and I'll watch really bad movies before. BASEKetball is a movie you're worried about wasting ninety minutes of life. BASEketball was troubled by me and starred in the trailer of the trailer by Parker and Matt Stone. I respect someone for David Zucker. His recent satirical films appear and feel like made up by former-teen boys who are sniper at lazy jose. <br /> <br /> "Airplane" is a revolutionary and very funny comedy, looking at BASEketball and wondering how they were created by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have great respect for Tray Parker and Matt Stone. These men are funniest and cute comedies in mainstream entertainment. Their pictures and the South Park episodes are funny. Each joke also has intelligence behind them with fart jokes. It's easy to forget that there is a mature way to reach immature. I am a big growing experience for BASEketball because they all hate the movie for the right reasons. It is a stupid mess with a sense of respect or class. Parker and Stone essentially separated themselves. The film is a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were able to serve in their films. I can not really find a way to explain their performance in BASEketball, which seems to spoof a spoof film as spoofing fool spoofing. Each line is distributed in such a crazy way. This type of images is like they are trying to make fun of the worst and they are like them becoming the same way. I remember the "South Park episode How to You With Your Butt", where Carmen does not see a gross out comedy by watching a macro-out comedy, but Parker and Stone used the same tunes in those scenes. <br /> It is not my problem with BASEketball yet. My biggest gripe with the picture is that I sit there knowing that this piece of garbage syndrome is familiar with Parker and Stone. I know, I know that if they could do what they have done and what they want to rewrite it, it can be seen. Zucker does not have any indication that let them either improv scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts and I think especially if he is allowed Parker to take the Zuckers script further elaborated on them. Instead we get potty humor. Do not rent BASEketball, you can get the same laugh by looking at a group of grade nurses
