I gave this film 5 out of pure jealousy. My opinion does not induce anyone's bubble, because I have seen, through other comments, I've read it, and this film is appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth any praise, I say this because I've seen the original anime, basilisk, and this film shames it deeper. If you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It's a pleasure because of the well-dancing wars based on fantasy than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is enhanced. But this story is not original. Now, when an image of anime / manga changes into a movie, there are some changes. I did not expect to see strange characters from anime, but they had a well-established role, and some were really deep and well-designed. But I certainly do not see the enormous and incorrectly-made changes, mainly the whole story. The dramatic and unhealthy pieces of characters are, in fact, more favored for all people. For example, a sweet, innocent girl in Annario, Amaro, Obero who fell in love with Toto and Jnanowski is a revenge clan leader. I love the fact that the woman is stronger and the fact that in the era (we talk about Japan, the 17th century) would escape the restrictions imposed on her, but her psychological changes were reliable and bad. Hotarubi, which is one of my favorite characters in the film, but who does not know for her childish and gentle nature, is not only madly in love as anime is a curiosity little girl, but the plot is more or less work. Amemo is exceptionally weak and unattractive, or how the gennosuke, the famous character made entirely Tenplan, can go on and on, the leading role is completely misunderstood and confused again, weaken again. The music is beautiful and the film is an incredible, it is anticipated in the Japanese film, and I appreciate it. But if you see, if Basilisk enjoyed it, it will be disappointing. Basilisk, based on fantasy, with horror elements and most exaggerated, its roles, storylines, historical depth and depth of heart. Shinobi had time waste and I could not believe I was put on what's going on after the climax. Oops, it's very hard to hold me deep in judging a film, but I advise you against it. See the anime, or at least see the movie and then Basilisk really repair your picture by watching anime. Otherwise, it will take over when you know how they have mass murder.
