While playing this movie on television, you may want to save 90 minutes and change the channel. You do not have anything special to look at here. The two married couples of the heroine aragonis participate in a trip with Reno. The twin number one Lonee Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) carries a car dealer and his marriage problems. His wife Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a slight self-belief and they do not get in touch with her for a long time. Loney is sleeping with his best friend, Roy Kirkendale (Patrick Swayze)'s wife Candy (Charles Theron). They go to Reno and four of them have a luxurious suit. Roy and Candy are trying to have a baby and finally finds that Candy is pregnant with her. But in Rio Arkansas his phone calls him and he finds that he is clean. Candy and Loney are in confusion over the whole tour now if they admit their affair. The film was directed by Jordan Brady, who did some other low budget films, but this was his first appearance with the cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show a very ridiculous view but he has no reputation. This script is not just funny and one of the lightning problems is that all the letters are written to the level of sitcom. They do not mean that they should be innocent and idiot as they are from the South. Thornton's character is not sophisticated to overpower Bellamani than the dollar. The role of Swayze is stupid and dumb is one of the rare and good moments throughout the film and when he asks everyone to lay him off at least one day. Penelope Cruz will pop as a prostitute and it's totally unworkable and nonsense cemetery. She only speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think the executive producers are responsible for Harvey and Bob Weinstein for this film. Richardson is the only person who is not really bad. She has become more confident in herself, but in this film the storyline is very clear and cliche. All of these actors are well aware and they are hard to figure out that they all read the script and liked it. It's time to waste these actors but at least they got paid. Skip this because it's related to audiences, your payment has not been received!
