Release dates have a lot of movies set, pulled from distribution due to some kind of legal snapshot, and then inaccurate for a long time. If you want the movie "Slackers" to be in a coma, it will be worth it if it is worth it. The dates of release are constantly changing for this really awful movie, which is great in radar. Kitten under the mask of Ethan in the courtyard, a creepy nest of a bellicose invasion for campus Thunderbolt Angela. Ethan Devil agrees to help David and his friends, who have hit school for their entire run with Blackmail to help Angela win. I do not like spoilers, but I can exclude the part of such a garbage. Angela drops for David, Ethan deliberately screws up everything, good guys win. Teen macro-out generation happens briefly for another tired retread. Macro Comedy is funny, to specify that many dozens of contemporaries prefer such as the ever-present classic "Animal House", "Contemporary Mary is about" and "Road Trip". But when you use it as a plot point you can only get it, Ethan has an Angel doll, composed of the individual strands of her hair, with what she knows with what. No one wants to take a witness to see kidney urination in the shower when singing himself. No one wants to see a young man singing "I'll be coming around the mountain" with a sack over her penis. But nothing 50-year-old bomb shell Mamie van Dorren will not be able to prepare for a full-scale attack on her breasts when she is 71 years old. I do not know if it's a story of the story, but it reduces to completely understandable scenes. Director Dewey Nix is ​​a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing the film, you only want to return to his career. The worst thing you can do in any film is that you do not miss out on your goals because you are like "slackers", the lack of odor and structure by reciting a flat outline that is bundled under the grossly impersonal pile. A group of college students were drunk, taking one's camcorder, and shot a piece of random garbage and then edited it together. If you really want to see teen macro-out comedy that's really cool, then I'm not entertaining and entertaining like "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", "Slackers". Incidentally, Cameron Diaz plays a guest role in the movie, in another bad movie like "The Sweetest Thing", the story is similar to another plot similar to macro humor, instead of using this disaster as the "Slackers" at your local video store, just keep walking , And let it ends at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
