I do not usually write a comment when there are many others, but at this point I feel. I'm talking about taste in another review, saying it's in the eye of everyone, but when the film arrives, if you want it means that you have bad taste. </ P> <p>. I loved the "Isle of the Dead" which was pretty much unknown B & W movie. I also liked the "Scream" and "Scary Movie" because I liked these films because if they were good about them. 99.9% of the stories I have seen have acknowledged the story I have seen because I did not hear it before, and many directors made a good storyline. I'm thinking about the whole of this movie "Where's this going on?" (Even at the end) "Where did these scary actors come from?" "Do you want a joke?" And something like that. I'm suspicious with the obvious twist, but it's probably a "movie" and I've proven that I did not waste my time. I have sinned. The storyline began and the twist was actually ruined by any glimmer. Here's a low: Storyline ?? The very first movie, which is slow and in relation to the audience in alright, characters and occasions. The conditions are different and are desperately and completely boring and predictable. The twist is terrible, it does not feel a thing, like excitement or wow for me. Just "my god." It's not because you do not have anything in the whole movie that you want to look back and think "Oooo is not that clever". Tailor's real identity in the "Fight Club" is in the end showing the bits which are hidden, and you see more when you see it again, which is really written, written and directed. It's a nonsense attempt in an amazing twist. I was like a pretty poor double twist called "wild things" and I still liked the movie, the rest are OK and it's not too hard to be a big twist. It is considered to be the best Twist as its CI2 writer. But really, with a bad twist poured at the end of a bad story. The film ended almost immediately, with Sebastian narrative total meaningless and a horrible half force, pedophilic ended with a particularly young and innocent acting girl. Actors are scared of the actors. Almost a Sunset Beach. - Very wheat and bad. It's not as good as "hunk". The most difficult act I thought of from Amy Adams, who played the role of Kathryn, is her rigid, curious and bad feel. Robin Dunne is also poor. <br /> I did not see "American Psycho II" yet, but there was no doubt that the "cool" style was ruined. <br /> <br /> I can not say that Teenage is a good movie, it is not. I'm ashamed if my son or daughter likes this film. But what if they do not make any good movies in this film? Really. I'm disappointed, some people like "I'm not in the age bracket for this movie, so I do not like it" I like all the pictures I liked as a teen and have a very good taste. Also, do you really like 20+ if you suddenly do not like any teenish story lines? No. I liked the "Mean Girls" and other simple teen movies, and watch "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. I'm scared of poor directing, acting and screenplays. Moreover, I was 16/17 when I first saw it. If anything, being old does you make a good judge with a horrible movie. I can not believe anyone can give 10/10, one of my favorite films is "memento" and I know I'm good because I gave 9. People are shy for this site, give 10 quicks, or get movies / presentations and give it. <br /> <br /> Anyone who likes this movie should really change their taste, and maybe their lives, and realize that this is the worst ever done. <br /> If you are not a bad guy or you just do not have bad taste, you hates this movie completely.
