The sacred garbage is bad. I saw it as a joke. It's also bad that in a random way it's good. This film is made for me personally. It worked well in that work. People who did this just took all of the really annoying stuff about the movie PRIEST, added in a bunch of ugly cities, interesting, funny, or anything remotely out of the sexy and concoction remotely, and then in a bunch of old rotten cheese. This is all. Cheese. This film is not a person who is probably connected. This movie is not going to happen any film. How does this picture Why enjoy life and be happy? Why should the film be a ridiculous fiction? At least they could not make a film or b-movie. Now I think about it, are they trying to do it with this movie? I looked forward to a campy love story and some boring student project about some idiot who find strength and courage to marry his cousin when the Christian brother tried to ruin his frustration !!! No, I'm joking. That's about it. Is that sound good? This film is very ignorant of the religion of Christ, which makes them as disturbing, barbaric, and helpless to all Christians as far as possible. Many Christians I know do not speak or speak these words. This film, however, is also unjust and innocent for homosexuals. This ROADKILL video game has a very tasteless, eclectic homosexual, from the person in the radio station. It's irritating the nerve that rocking nerves and I could not pay attention to this film altogether. These train-wreck manufacturers do not have any strategy for design, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting. There is not a single sex scene, or at least unbelievable. Jamie Brett Gable is the only person in the film, but his good looks is unfortunately ruined. This is trash. In the perfect world, this image will get 0.0 votes. It's worth a 0 as an image alone. Blind, deaf, mentally depressed nuns and small bones for hands and feet and her face on her face, directing, and producing enhanced imagery, and maybe she is probably a better actor. The fact that the film's existence is against the term "movie". The movie is very bad, and other films should be shocked to be available in the same watchable format. I put a chair in a chair, then record it with a camera and then stop the picture, and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and record that record, I'm already half a BEN & ARTHUR. There are only two things beyond death. Violence and watching BEN & ARTHUR. I'm a homosexual and if you've ever met me, you'll be a guest guest anytime, and I've always done a full disturbance over my first five seconds. If the film is false, "It's okay to make mistakes, but it's not right unless mistakes happen." People always say, "Good things come out of everything!" I think Ben and Adhur found that basically there could be something on this land that could come out of any good good. The worst image I've seen in this film is to give WAY a lot more credit. This image is very unique, as it is designed, and it deserves a category. There are good movies, bad movies, and then Ben & Attur is there. It is ben and Arthur.
