Summary (each gay video contains a hunk in the cover); It bought Ben and Arthur without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you I will be my last) buy a culture Q Connection video. I'm very worried, this DVD is not a blatant tear. Did I not make this observation lightly? I'm the main collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I have some power and Ben and Arthur are so small that I have always been the worst film ever in my life. Period. In my collection there were 1,600 movies (93% on DVD) and more than 300 gay and lesbian backgrounds. I rarely have every gay image I did, but I said I would buy every gay video that I got pretty much interested in, and very often I would buy videos without knowing anything about the film. Sometimes, this makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, it's all in the water, Urbania and the usual I stumbled upon accidentally all of the amazing gay titles. When I read about Ben and Attur Gay lovers and Christian Wright, when I read about a confrontation in one of my favorite subjects, I had another culture Q title title, Whisins, my past disappointment, I disappeared. Sugar Plames The movie is very bad, but compared with Ben and Arthur, it's like a throat with WIND. So what's wrong with Ben and Arthur? Plenty! Firstly, "Plot" is such, completely ridiculous. The film has almost made me sympathetic to the Christian right. We have only the belief that a church is expelled by one member because our brother is gay, but a priest actually creates a mob style execution of a homosexual (which also makes sense) to protect their souls. Many scenes are poorly understood, and many stories reflect a connection to logic, follow-up or story. Both sides of murder and violence end up agreeable to the gay activist / right wing controversy, and acting is so bad that it can be difficult to imagine how someone in the movie got rented. The roles that are directly thought to be obviously without homosexuals - and the Nelly stereotypes boot; Gay characters are not sexy or interesting. This film is enough for anyone to buy homosexual videos from time to time, and the distributors themselves are ashamed of themselves. The film is the only purpose of purchasing my other culture Q Connection, the only benefit of the scenes of Sugarplums, which is soundtrack with a clear dialogue. There is no real distinction because the script is so easy to understand the script that you know the film is good. This was a challenge to Queer culture, and I warned everyone before I could waste their money. At $ 9.95 the film was over-made; I understand that the STILL road is back soon under the $ 20 which is exploiting the road. I paid $ 29.95 the original price and did not think I was more deceiving in my life. Is not this the only real smile reviews that are connected with this dvell? I have always seen "user reviews" for this movie on many websites, and there is always one or two of the director / writer / actor "appreciated" in such a way that the reviewer is clear that this is a friend of Ed Wood Wannabe. How sad How desperate. I wish that IMDb allows you to assign zero stars - or minus zero. If it is a picture of anytime, it is.
