This is a film that has been qualified from 10 to 0. "House of the Dead" is the redefinition of the word "bad picture". Other bad movies such as 'When a Stranger Calls' or 'Premonition' are actually much better compared to 'House of the Dead'. The Dead of House of the Basic "Theater" is a twenty-somethay journey to a remote island to take part in the "Century Rave". When they arrive there, they only find some tents, bar, stage, and some bloody t-shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and they will soon attack the zombies. <br /> <br /> There is no redemption about this film. It's not fun. Instead, it is painful to see how terrible it is. Acting is unbelievably bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors, Uwe Boll, said that the director was not afraid to tell someone when they were doing a good job or doing a bad job. This is a blatant lie. The script appears to be written by an 11-year-old, who decided to include a scene of someone throwing on a girl chest and decided to include the hilarious line, "it smells like farted out here." The characters have any personality or depth and do some of the most Moroccan things they've seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters are also transformed into a SWAT team to take down the awesome zombies. They do not target their guns and they automatically shoot zombies on the head. <br /> <br /> This is a very horrible topic about this film. Something is wrong with the Uwe boll. Bol's camera work is astonishingly confusing. The zombies running in the forest are more crazy than manacing his implications. Worse still, Boll was originally thought to be a good idea to include footage of the footage from the house of the Dead video game in the film. Very often, and in very random times, you will suddenly get to get an animated zombie shot. That does not mean it. No one in their proper minds thinks that is a good idea. Bol repeatedly reminds us that this film should be based on a video game. In action scenes, the 'Uwe Boll' also decided to include Slow Motion 360 Degree Rotating Shots during 'La Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does it very often and every shot is bored. The soundtrack also covers the film. Most action scenes are combined with a loud rap track. It adds to the headache of 'House of the Dead'. <br /> <br /> 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it depends on the video game. In fact, it is very small with the video game. This is not enough to be 'bad, bad' category. But it is enough to be the 'bad and bad' category. This movie is just a success. Uwe Boll should not be anywhere near another film set. His existence does not curse a product. To all the directors out there: When you receive a bad review of your movies, all you have to do is remember that you did not 'house of the dead' and you will feel very good. I can not get 90 minutes of my life. Overall, the words are not bad enough to describe how bad the movie is. Everybody involved in the film production, especially Uwe Boll, must be ashamed of themselves. What I said is that 'House of the Dead' can make the sound funny, it's not really. Nothing about it is not funny. Avoid all these costs.
