First, I do not know anything about 'mozes and monster'. I do not know whether it was a role-controversy or a Made-For-TV movie behind it. I looked at another fantasy adventure like 'Legend', with Tom Hank as the glamorous hero from the 1980s landing a mythical world to save the princess from a bad maze seriously filled with it when I looked at the cover (updated DVD). Exciting, right? The cover image represents you at first glance. I was definitely given this film as a gift, under the same premise because my aunt knows me into action films with medieval mythology. And this is one of my favorite actors Tom Hanks. <br /> <br /> I pap this movie and feel good with Tom Hanks in 80's Special Effects, a good luck. This has not happened. Before I go, I agree, I'm a self-reflexive, but I'm not interested in role-playing games. My interest in this film is decent. And the M & M (Copyright Infringement?) Is not a film that plays well with lovable geeks who use their imagination to enter the world of surprise. No! It is an anti-character film made by some religious folk (Barney and I have also been a satanic worker), but I think he's upset that the soul is perfect for the melodic rpg lovers to worship him. The film is the Gear anti-gamer movie. This film is available to me: it hates RPGs and makes it fun for people engaging in roll play but poor Tom Hanks makes a mental patient <br /> <br /> Talk to volleyball in the 'Rejected' Tom, a poor guy alone But Tom did something his mad fun and by Tom's good acting you literally become a beloved character Usadu. I see that instead of the film. In this film, Tom is attacked by a believing dragon creature (appears as a poorly-made mascot for an RPG band) and a split personality with a smashing smile. If you think Tom's performance is just his character and nothing else. I do not get the head because the poor guy has lost his brother and is right because it does not win points for the film purposefully tragic. I'm not for moral illness and for movies unfolding to 'M & M', cr * p. Fortunately I saw 'Hudson Hawk' and my soul had a good laugh before being crushed. Yah, 'M & M' surpassed by 'HH'. . . Very! This is not one of Tom's improved films. In fact this is the most disappointing movie I have ever seen (even the 'Private Ryan Save' is not this discouraging). I was hoping to see a good feeling and enjoyed the exact opposite. If you want to see a sad (emotionally and visually) picture then look through all. If this film is a message, this is the same: "If you're a cuckoo for the coco-puffs, RPGs do not play."
