Psychology of this film is really weird to try and identify. Its often billed as an anti-RPG movie, but it's not really that simple. <br /> <br /> Whenever they were trying to tell about gaming, there was only a clear contradiction to anything (if any) surprise me. <br /> They introduce all the characters in the house they enthusiastically introduce to their home, who are closer to them than the divorce, alcoholics, and at times when their lives are hard pressed. Tom Hanks has undoubtedly failed off another school, off and still has to deal with a brother who has disappeared and may have died. <br /> <br /> They refer to two times they are playing to face problems in their real life. Finally, when they go to see Robbie, they all are happy and well adjusted, hitting their adult careers, solving problems, playing away games (Daniel did not even want to make a computer), and even Robbie's mother who was constantly drunk and dissatisfied , Is suddenly happy homemaker, fresh and bright and floral The establishment of looking. Suddenly JJ decides to suddenly (and find it very happy) suicide, but the reason is the genius of a lone boy who could not get a date, because his role was on the famous Jack Chuck on the ship (anyway, he finished with Daniels and everyone It looks like he says he can play The only thing that could possibly save itself from killing itself in Caverns!) And the whole movie to get a lot of chain mails, is in the cool table on Kate, right at the camera and something "terrible demons are in our own minds." <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in the film is the two muggers who climb the great couple, so they can exploit his dirty, destitute-looking man of his magic beans. The recurring background ("The Way We're" for 80s) may be sharp at the end, but as a way to abandon a movie is a bit depressing and out of place. For the ultimate mystery, our hero, wearing a full parcel Regalia, has a mental break, his role is completely and embarks on his quest, so the first thing he did was to change the 20th century street costumes. <br /> <br /> If the film is unreasonable, I guess its affair is irrational. In those days the children's circle with dice and pencils have been tumultuous and possibly, and you may be mad if they talk with your mumbo-jumbo. Anti-game mental disorder is assembled pretty much in the first scene, the reporter asks what the police asks, the police told a child that lost in the tunnels and there was a chance Mazes and Monsters had something to do. The reporter admitted to being obscure for the game (although he allowed his own children to play), then the game and the reels polished Spiel for all of the game and agreed that he would not give another explanation. In the end, it's no craft, but interesting for TV movies.
