And it did. When it comes to a horror film "franchise" and its subsequent titles are released, they all suffer from an inevitable factor: irrelevant. Maman IV: The awakening is not exempt from this rule, while another young child embraces their role as an anti-Christ as foretold by a religious prophecy. Did not we see this before? Is it enough in the three dimensions of the film before the release of Damienen's thorns and the collapse of the thumb? If you're such a horrible enthusiast, you're far more prone to pretentious movies and prequel to credit - Korn, Heliizer, Phantas children; The list will continue. At this point in the game, I know what you expect when you're ready to view the fourth title in a series. Regardless, there are times when you sit back and realize how some filmmakers are shameless. Owen IV: Awakening is just a very expensive exercise - a shameless money. <br /> <br /> The film does not give a new wave or winnings to the womb. Trying to compare its unique and original sibling like Omen IV, similarities and plot devices are awkward. Elements such as the Guardian Dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of individuals, the decapitation death scene (a tribute to the original image when the journalist was cut down by the glass sheet). Father's involvement in politics and respect for society is very predictable. <br /> <br /> Although the series is very common with a B-rated cast as a horrific title, acting is very low, the charts are fraudulent, ridiculous and random humor distributed across the film. Compared to the first three titles, the atmosphere was completely disappeared. In addition, the previous score composed by Gold Smith was replaced by an auditory loss; A perfect joke, and it made me wonder if it was actually meant to be used for this movie or simply pulled out of stock audio "bank" ... rarely I score yourself on lousy abuse of a musical - until now. <br /> <br /> In all, I will call OM IV: Awakening failure. In the world of horror movies, they carry some of the titles on their backs, some hit the mark and some do not. If I'm interested in creating another line on your full horror belt, I'm for full benefits, perhaps you can even make this title the same name - for entertainment value, then the image is properly executed or tortured.
