Just 15 minutes later, I lost Zhang Emmou's previous, more weighty images from China's politics and society from particular perspectives. His turn to martial arts films is a serious mistake in my humble opinion. After Operation Cougar, the hero's worst movie, with a countless complicated story and more wood than acting in John Aghar's film. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. I am an American who has been studying Chinese movies (and understands and Mandarin) for some years, and I'm sure my opinion is very different from others when I come from a different background. The SMMF, like the hero, is not really a traditional Kung Fu movie, it is not exactly a Vuosa Pianon film. There is no sword and hypnosis or vacuum. It is a completely different vehicle than an infinitely more watchable picture, such as a Chinese Ghost Story (All 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, and others. The SMMF Blonde, and sometimes ridiculous, is combined with dialogue cardboard acting, despite appearing actors for what they really are doing. Zhang Ziyi plays Ben Affleck as well as a blind man. There really is a breeze to dominate with this film is really insulting. It takes too seriously, it will eventually become a huge joke. All actors appear to be the most important part of celluloid in history, in fact they destroy the chance of emotion, and totally ridiculous is really Zhang Yimou for every film, or just a show (ie "Igo booster") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally made up of her face and she has twice been sexually assaulted twice. She did not have the ability to play an innocent "w" itch of her acting sequence. She has focused on her acting, as she reads her lyrics from her mouth, she looks cool and lifeless. It is very fun to hear American critics and filmmakers (like Claucasus Quentin Tarantino) that the film is a great masterpiece. I guess if they see a group of Asian actors on the screen that looks very important when they are flying in a bamboo forest, they're thinking of wondering in a fantastic filmmaking. Ching Siu Tung's choreography still has his trademark style, editing, and posture, but does not have the power and originality of his previous films, such as his Chinese movie story, Dragon In, and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, thimbles in this film are really subpar, and if there are subpar / clear wirework, then you probably should not have shot it at high speeds. It also goes for special effects that have special B-film feelings for them. Bees, ducks, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly in the air (after the fly), even though there is little pilot for logic, turning, climbing and banking. That logic really does not have a place in Chinese art works, but if you do not want to stimulate a large amount of giggle from your audience, you probably want to keep your alliance slightly more. Mass play, unexpectedly funny dramatic moments, boring fight scenes, really unhappy plot turns and wait for Shi Miyan My Fu. It's clear that Chang Yimou is no longer making movies for Chinese audiences. It is intended to enter the Western market as CTHD is doing. After watching the hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Jong Yimou wanted to do Hollywood movies, he was definitely the right start off. SMMF is basically the Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts films. I thought the hero was bad.
