OK, so I did not expect much of this clown-like-chainsaw-masquerade-esquire film, but I liked a serial killer movie novel approach. "First, it's just a joke - a myth around the camp - five wooden dwellers in a remote cab in Texas Woods, but when they disappeared one-off the scattered body parts and voodoo workers were replaced with some scramble for their lives , But he was sick and he was ill Nadu and he wanted blood ... "In this sense, the forest starts to why this comic? Why the clown? Why are their toys drawn on them? Why why No answer is given in this 1 hour and 30 minutes. Failure is the fate except where the clown lives. The characters dumb boys, dumb girls, and the hell of many gods. Particularly, a girl who was brought from a restaurant by the road hassled to some people she knew, because they wanted to help. What's needed to make friends in your circle or in their cabin? <br /> She begins to plant the envy seeds, having sex with her by eating everything they want to hear, their moody minds. <br /> <br /> Music is the average affair (standard frantic keyboard music every horror film without differences). Some of the actors brought them from soap opera as they complained and shorter. With the idea that the main character of the film is taking this girl to the cabin, their first date arrives at a grim date, but in fact, he gives himself up for the first night he does not know. There was no budget, but it was a clown and a lot of $ 1 store dolls in Woods, all of which (many times) to shoot the whole movie. I also waited for the home to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (perhaps by glass), but there was nothing exciting in this film. <br /> I got to give picture 3. It's an interesting campus (especially the clowns like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre) and the film is a completely B-movie style video and I give a star for all of them seriously but they chose for a more legitimate video. But in the end, I've probably felt like renting Killer Klowns from Mars video again before going back to check this out. Ah, but that's the cover art ... pretty awesome drawing.
