I believe that since 2007 I have seen this film, which looks like all of the below average seventh horror-flick. Do they have any understanding of modern special effects or CGI?!? Do they not know that they should be a little graphic in the horror and / or suspicious film in a thousand years? Or did I have a mistake, a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, committed in a big cycle of life, or a mess with nature, or such a warning to mankind? It really does not matter, and it looks wrong, and the film has failed me all the accounts. <br /> <br /> The first: The campus is very unlikely. If you have the ability to replenish the whole eye at the given time, an uneducated medical scientist will begin his first human effort at the same time, which is not entirely professional. And do you clearly do these things without the knowledge of the patient? And why would humans have a completely unusual color to the eyes? By the way, I realized that all the virtual wolves in the film have puppy-like simple dark eyes, do not they look for such a model? The story is sluggish, he gets this rare eye-shift about this rare Aron, suddenly the donor-wolf (or at least, what I do), and he is followed by some of the armed forces. Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, the results of the army experiment (imagine the soldiers at night's eye sight!) But if the operation fails due to the obvious nervous breakdown of the patient, it is beyond me 'that you are trying to kill him. Why do not you look for a different recipient who left alone? (Can there be a volunteer soldier ??). Why not try to kill everyone who participated in poor Aaron, is not a bit steep! However, these soldiers are homicides, I am not American or military, they behave as psychopaths, walking around the hospital, moving automatic weapons, they are some open enemies # 1, and in the end <br /> Auron, for some of the indisputable medical reasons Due to the transfer of a wolf, nights. Why is it there ??? He sees suddenly wandering visions. What is this Do you believe that the donor-wolf's memories are in its eye-balls? And the eye-balls recipient can also adopt the wolf's wish for red (life) meat and stand up to a four-foot-like balcony and cat on all four sides (like a wolf) <br /> <br /> Acting (or lacking) Not all of the credibility of all: the wooden dolls, especially the Indian girl, slip through, such as an expression (extreme) And there's some bizarre stupid about the nature of nature, and why Aron suddenly hit everything (but hey, maybe at least a love-scene!) I really had a lot of sympathy with the actor Cory Montit, a good guy with a pretty good face But they do not give him much to go Some of the murders and attacks are rare, and we are listening to some of the worries and fears of fear, and another victim is Arron and his face And Aron falls on the chest with some more blood. A modern science fiction is not for horror! Just got good acting from Justin Bateman, and I'd really like to see how a beautiful and classy 40th woman is matured. She convinced me that she was able to do with her silly lines and that this might be a good therapist, but they played a role in this role, who completely surrounded the hero of this militia. What a pity the script did not make her stand up a bit more! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Whenever you feel like you are not in the mood, Who cares?!?), Some majestic Indian ranglings about Man and Nature, and an unparalleled musical score with poppy songs in the most inappropriate moments, which applies the term "useless".
