How is this movie going on? As some critics say something new (ie "shake-com") is good, everyone is flown over the band, if they are not independent. It's not a good movie, it's a terrible movie. 1) Plot - Which plot? Bourne chased it from there to the beginning. This is the same plot. Do not look much deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Make me a favor! Armored with old and damaged 8mm film camera at age seven is very good work (I'm not exaggerated here). The film is surprisingly a tour-force of the amazing camera-work. Everybody has a ridiculous shaking (I really do everything) the scenery and nausea. 3) Unbelievable? - Oh yes sure. It is the best work of reliability. The scenes like Bourne (scenes) are chased by Tangier's closing market streets (local) police. - I'm in Tangier. Even the pioneers would not navigate their way through that streets but shook off 100 police with speed and maneuvering with Bourne. Gregrass should be smiling on his head with the positive of his film disciples. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor did when I made this film but I wanted a little bit! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I saw a nasal feeling at the end of the "Strobe Effect" film that I saw through the "scenes". 5) to direct? - hmmm. This is an interesting factor. The movie looks like it does not actually direct. Gregrass's script copy (all two pages) threw at camera cameras, saying "shoot some scenes while drinking". - "Do not worry boys, we have to tune the scenes in the editing room". The editor should make these strokes to be shot, wings, and stacks in order to hit the silver screen) 6) Senior CIA operatives gave two sexy women treatments to Jason Bourne, both for the wrong and misunderstanding. - Keeping their lives for someone not sure they are not even a betrayal. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (Bad male CIA members plot to cancel a paper-clip which is very active on the ground). (Well, all men are bad, they are not? - Of course SNAGS). Yes, this is really a modern and politically correct picture that shows daily leaders and men who torture humanity as a real threat. 7) When you finally get to know the fan, the good achievements on the evil (always like, e?) And Jason Bourne is a murderer - he suddenly gets out of guilt and pulling the trigger (yes - right ...) - in that moment, bad The deputy director will just show up - in the hands of the gun and he does not pull the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and did not even breath out? Wonders never stop. 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing and the buddies will be removed before the courts. Well, we're not going to be people who are shooting round the CIA operatives, nasty, politically incorrect, are we? How lovely it is to see life honestly P.C. Noughties picture. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is completely worse.
