The number of herds in this episode is over nine. They do not follow their own laws about souls, they destroy the body. This one fell to the second body. The body and Dean fall off 20 feet away from Sam, but they are with Sam. The flashlights set out at nightlightless shelter, and we can still see everything. It will be broadcast by night but light windows. Calling a ghost cell phones that died in 1960? Come on! Sam makes an appointment as he is not his first visit and Sam is no way to get a psychiatrist to see him on the same day as Dr. Doctor talks. Sam and Dean still still sheltered and other bodies in the innocent souls were still crying and did nothing to help them. Winchester does not look like a thing that the boys can do. Oh and a dusty filled mattress and the girls' makeup and hair is perfect after crawling around a ruthless asylum and she is not a scar in white shirt. <br /> <br /> In the run of this episode, all the problems are good, and Dean did not read it at the Encycles Journal. I know that an object damaged by the devil will attract the person who is infringing. Elikote did not appear. Such an important object or place (such as the Eickate office) creates the soul when a creature stops or enters. I want to scream when they are separated ... 'how you die! Always stay together and look at each one's spine! 'But they did not listen to me: A very good touch of Elikote soul and his special ability. It's a prime time display but I wish Elikot's horrors strapping down one of his victims and using anticipation of violence to creep us more. <br /> <br /> Of course the lighting goofs I gave this one a 4. Flickering of lighting of the whole scene, such as sudden darkness or flashlight flickers, is all the more awful. Lightweight is coming up or flashlight and soon one soul is shocked in their face. I want the directors to see his scene, but I think I want to make a reference or a clear connection by touching an electronic socket and touching the lights. A shelter without losing the letters actually has lights in a room suddenly reacting. The blue light white lights dazzling like the electric aragas that resemble the power of Elikote's finger. <br /> <br /> Strongly, MCG has done better.
