Houseboat horror for this movie is a great title. This is definitely spot-on, so I give 10 to 10 as the only one in this movie. There are house boats, there is a horror, there is also a panic in houseboats. But if there is a tagline for the film poster, it's definitely something like 'cohabitation ...' for the houseboat horror I did not say one of the worst horror, the movies I've seen for the worst Australian horror film I have seen so far, and the most impulsive attempt to filmmaking in general. Good news, it's very slow and horrific, it stands directly in the spectacular zone of the audience's spectacular world of craving. <br /> <br /> "The worst" thing is not from the heroes, it is actually one. Simple record producer, film crew and rock band mystifyingly drive up to Lake Infinity, a lovely rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (actually in Lake Eildon) to shoot a music video. It is not particularly pleasant to see them, but it's probably a very sharp knife that starts to pick one by one in an attempt to be suitable for audiences. <br /> <br /> On the surface, it appears to be a very bug-standard B-movie slash. You are the most annoying youths, the bizarre elders, the creepy locals (one of whom, the petrol station attendant, easily win a biopic competition) and Let's face, my explanation for the killer could easily be Jason Vourries. Ah, but the acting and production values ​​are fairly close to anywhere in the 13th episode of the 13th episode. Unfortunately, houseboat horror is not entirely defective. <br /> <br /> Finally, it is very funny and fun to you. One-time 'Late Show' fans and 'Get this' member Tony Martin already know about real gem gems ('Check the look ... you're up!'), It's great to hear the music along with the original song music video - Director Olly Wood hoped it would be really successful. The horror element is that I think of the B-slashes of the genre, and especially the time, but guessing someone in a hamburger off screen and when I saw a valley of spray tomato sauce at the wall there were times when I did not expect it <br /> <br /> In fact, I would not think you were disappointed if the movie was such a happy worst of me. That is, the 'badly-it-good' horror fans should not allow this opportunity. You can not do 'bark' or another thing. On the other hand, if you are looking for true excellence in Australian horror style, copy yourself unbeatable 'long weekend' and never look back.
