When a stranger calls are being remade, the original I am interested in looking at. Then when I read about the original (when I read that my sisters were totally relieved in the day), the real money was in Christmas, it was clear that everyone was punched "in the collar of the house". So I did that at Netflix, and its due to sit at the top of my list for months "wait a long time." This time I'm more interested in seeing! Then one day, from blue, and finally it comes! <br /> Certainly, I raised hopes, but I do not think I've seen it fresh. The topic is Christmas in some Canadian college towns, and this is a solariity party. We see a few killer-POV shots as he crosses this trailis and becomes cooler to the bottom of the stairs. So we're at home. Then we introduce to our characters? - Olivia Hussei Meshi, Vini, Canadian-pronounced Jess. Margot Kidder is annoying, outwardly aggressive alcoholic bar. She is also annoying even when her mother invites her for her Christmas festival. This embarrassing Janis Ian Clone ("Phil") and this alcoholic den mother Mrs. Mack has been home from bottles of various houses. <br /> <br /> We see Jess's most courteous boyfriend Peter, who played the role of Kair Dully in 2001, and the Bunny Lake lapsed in glory, though half the film I'm still asking "What's Kair Dully?" The house seems to have received porn phone calls, but before this email, so they could not ask him to send a photo. Then ?? - Well, how do you know that plastic powder-cleaning bags are not a toy? One of the sisters will find that hard way. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 shots of the plastic-enclosed corpse face as reposed in the attic. There will be a total of 28 crores across the film. God! There is a corpse in the attic! "The fact is that CSI should be at any age of criminal age before climbing the air, and the cops are so dumbo that they can not be found in the outside of the house." Fortunately, <br /> <br /> Someone like John Saxon Tiki, after a very darn boring human drama, the mother of the house climbed a vertical ladder with his precious kitty, a huge-looking lure (that creepy cats!), For her hugs her head there and ends up with a hook hook in her neck for the problem. Do we have two dead bodies in the mosque? - Hey, let us cool ourselves with the dead bodies in the bodies of two bodies <br /> <br /> Now police have taken this situation seriously, and press the police outside the home and station outside the home If they report Jess and her father Janis Ian, if a porn caller calls back, they should put him on the phone . The more whiny, mousy and annoying grown Jessica caller asks "Who's this? What do you want? Who are you?" After the first 89 calls, she was clarifying that she did not answer her. Is it like a developmental disability? Inability to succeed in some efforts? And what he's going to do, suddenly "Oh hi, it's Bob from LaDrooth?" Dumb jess. <br /> <br /> Spellers! Anyway, soon Janice Ian and Louis Lane (Kidger) find that ketchup is in bed with their scarves (the gore idea of ​​the film), and Idiot Jess finds that a door or window is not locked in the house. Hello? Are you kidding Then the Cops realized that the killer was at home, Jess calling and "I do not ask, walk to the front door and go out." So what does Mason Jess do? "Phil? Barbell? Fil? Barb?" Hey, great idea sister. Why do not you go to the stairs if you know that the mad killer is lurking now? <br /> Now, she looks at her former friends and splits with ketchup and asks the viewer to move on the screen: "Is there a clue now?" <br /> Now, the classic slasher film tropes have taken this picture before a tougher place, and it's not a terrific waas back in the attic like 206 times a day, and it is not used to hunt people through mental patients. , So you want to lock the doors or windows. And when they say that there is an intense murderer they may be tempted to wander around the top. In the 70's, people were stupid. We need to understand. One of the biggest obstacles is not to kill our proto-final girl psycho. But I believe it is more interesting to read in this review than actually sitting through the movie. The spoilers end! <br /> - Hey, Cinema de Merde, bad and cheesy movies (some good movies thrown) Check my website. You can find the URL in my email address above.
