BFG is one of the most valuable books of the Roald Dahl, but this animated adaptation is not magic. Dale's original story is pretty confident that this version can not be blamed in John Hamley's script. Any incorrect colorless animation, dehydrated pace and generally poor voice-over. This story will have the right to expect to do for a happy, enthusiastic, fun-filled movie ... Instead, a disappointing subtle affair of the movie is very disappointing. Children who do not know the story must first read the book! <br /> <br /> Young orphan sophie (voice of the Amanda Route) is hardly under the brutal supervision of a young man living in a friendly orphanage. Mrs Klorners. As she walked in the window one evening, she had spots on the street running slowly in the village street. It finds it visible, so it gets out of her bed in the window and Sophie, putting her in her enormous pocket before fleeing overnight. Sophie soon learns that she was kidnapped from the giant country and feared she was going to eat her. But because of her relief she is a kind and sensitive member of her species, who introduces herself as BFG (David Jason's voice). The BFG refused to eat people, instead instead of fowl-flavored vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, the giant country feast is done by many giants - every night, when it happens - in poor unsuspecting humans. Sophie and BFG become great friends, and soon they come with a plan to block other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorn) and pray with her fairy tale to ask her to fight the legions of men and men who eat man. <br /> <br /> Jason agrees and begins a dangerous operation to catch bad monsters before they can hurt anyone. <br /> <br /> Jason has lost some degree of sound quality to BFG (one of the few pluses in the film) that he liked most. The voice work is not unimpressed for the rest of the time, it is very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly, BFG is the only animated animated character - Sophie does not appeal, and Giants boring design (and almost unrecognizable from each other). Places are also unpredictable; Giant country is particularly small, with occasional rocks and canyons, nothing more than barren wastes. The 88-minute film is not exactly long enough, and it hurts very badly because of the emotional excitement of most scenes. Doll's naughty humor was slightly satisfactory. One chapter in this book is a love for BFG's love with "whizzpopping" (farting) and laughter-overly fun. In this film, the same episode is completely murdered by unfair management. I got our expecting BFG of passion, pleasant and enjoyable, but I got pretty much the opposite! This is a failed misfire that does not match the book's caliber in a section - unfortunately, so it must be one to skip.
