You need to understand when Warsz was released in 1983, which created a hacked wave on a computer. The idea of ​​a young man coming to many ratios is novel and thrilling to suppress the world war. Real computers began to show up in people's homes, and for the first time, the community is connected to that topic, the film is enthusiastic about the audience. In fact, a talking computer that balances free time between chess and global thermonuclear wars is not true, but a stunning commentary on nuclear evolution and a cool warfare for it. <br /> <br /> Fast forward 25 years old, and the unpleasant thing I call a "sequel" is the battles: dead code. I will correctly correct everything. Plots get stuck in the government-run gambling area where people who win the games will automatically become terror suspects. You are currently very confusing. The idea is ultimately clicking on a sub-game on a website called terrorist "dead code", where they pilot a plane on a city and spray it with bio popens. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin" then you are automatically confirmed by a bioterrorism weapons expert and your family is in custody and questioned. In the picture, it actually happens. However, this is definitely meaningful since the payment for the game has been made from a bank account that is suspicious. <br /> Second, the incarnation of the AI ​​in this direct-DVD-in bomb is the abomination of the pop-up-add-esquire sound bite flash animation "Play Baby with Me". In the future obviously, the intellectual achievements such as advanced AI chess lose interest, and gets into the romance .Third, the original image against pure curiosity as the inspiration for women and women, for these "hackers". For some reason, recent Hooker films enjoy the need to portray the average surfer dude for those younger people. It may work for your average sitcom, but do not learn how to take government computers by silently doing your hair, playing sports and shopping malls. There is a reference to a Matt Damon film at some point during the discussion, and then there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I promise, they call the main character the phrase, so they can send five more to Mr. Damon. This kid is not bad, but he's not exactly like any obsessive hacker I've ever met. I can not get angry that I will share the original name except this film, except that it is absolutely nothing. Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappears in the film, an old Ed-tack-toe machine that is clearly an old-fashioned and heavily pitched voice that is dying of boredom. After some frustration, Joshua (AI) is sexually cynical with a new AI with romantic voice, a group of flash games board on the big screen, and the whole "is the only way to win," is thought to be the moment of the crown. If we see what we have seen, they are already in the first place and they are doing it. Recycled finish for the film made from compost last month. <br /> <br /> The new film 90210 was completed, and directed by a guy who wrote boys who are doing B movies. Directing a person to stay busy with the original "Heroes", so you see the difference in quality there. There is a real remake of the remake, but I hope it does not ruin this classic again. I complain, until I find one running through a psychotic government computer, I'll visit every gambling website. Saving grace is that I was able to stream this stream of Netflix, so I spent watching this disaster, only for energy breathing, click, and indigestion.
