As in the horror movies, some people, some of them study on sculpture; Fortunately constructed buildings, searches and crypts for secret routes, tracks of monsters by air tanks and so forth. "డెమోన్ సీడ్," "క్యూబ్," "పదమూడు ఘోస్ట్స్" యొక్క రీమేక్ - - కానీ అది ఒక భయానక హౌస్ లేదా చర్చి గురించి ప్రతి కథ యొక్క గుండె వద్ద అంతర్వేదిలో నిర్మాణంలో ప్రధాన పాత్ర పోషించిన మాత్రమే కొన్ని సినిమాలు గుర్తుకు లేదా గోరీ; It is all about the character and the influence of spaces, passages, and walls. So I'm looking forward to this thriller. The idea is this: an architect was built - in fact, rebuilt - he was a huge and ranking house; His wife left him, especially because of his own self-centered focus, but she can not use her replacement since it was reconstructed. Durable alone (this time than the actual original) resides, he is suspicious of the other - the use of the phone asking a stranger came to the door one evening and suddenly disappeared - a house for him; <br /> <br /> ఈ పునాదికి ఒక మంచి ప్రారంభాన్ని చెప్పవచ్చు, దీని అభివృద్ధిలో కొన్ని ఇలాంటి పంక్తులను అనుసరిస్తాయని ఆశిస్తుంది: చొరబాటుదారుడు కోసం ఇల్లు విజయవంతం లేకుండా కొన్ని సార్లు, వాస్తుశిల్పి మరింత క్రమబద్ధమైన శోధనలను చేపట్టడానికి తన బ్లూప్రింట్లకు రిసార్ట్స్ చేస్తాడు, ఆశ్చర్యపడేలా, అంతరాయం కలిగించే లేదా అడ్డుకోవటానికి వివిధ మార్గాల్లో ప్రయత్నిస్తాడు , He was under construction There may be some special features built in. In the meantime, he discovered the hiding places and the way back to the intruder or unmarked places. This movie is a cat-and-mouse game, a hunting, a war; Finally, when trying to capture the intruder, the architect gets trapped in his own creation, and in some way he can not expect it. Then he is forced to think himself - and at the same time his own self-imposed loneliness - and the nail in the final turn, and still kills, **** er. br> <br /> There is nothing like this; The house is just a house, the architect is just one person, and if he was at all there was an unknown character of his hostile. What's going to happen in the film: after being illegally installed at home - if he is - the architect sounds are heard, but nothing happens when he goes to investigate. He calls the police, who think he has a few nuts; He persuades his separated wife to lay down the night and thinks he's more nuts. Finally, more or less accidentally, the intruder walks (it's a good look, but the toys, who could it be? - a story, a story that period, three less than the main characters), the doors will lock, kitikilamida grille reduces He is crucial (I do not know why he thinks this need) and throws his victim hungry Ukuntadu. This is why I missed: what are the doors and walls made of steel? In any case, the architect is sleeping in his car. Since the idea of ​​the film has not grown and has not grown up now, nothing has to be done to take its place. And this is the same: the architect - are you ready? - In the man's house (perhaps) he enters and resides there. How is it possible? It is not, but to make the film take this way and make it seem: the architect has drawn the image of the man who came to his door; And when he leaves home he takes a picture with him; And sitting in his car, he throws the picture down the street; And two children pick it up and see Martin, their neighbors; <br /> If this sequence appears to be unsustainable, it comes in exactly what happens. Martin's wheelchair-ride wife, she did not know; తన కదలికలలో చాలా రహస్యంగా మరియు తన హోస్టెస్ తన చదివినప్పుడు చాలా మోసపూరితమైనది, ఆమె తన చుట్టూ తిరుగుతున్నట్లుగానే అతను గదిలోకి వెళ్లిపోయేటట్లుగా లేదా గదిలోకి వెళ్లిపోయేటట్లుగా ఉండగలడు. The whole section of the film is familiar with all of this film (or not to the viewer), and his life with this attitude, he did not know, was the essence of the same life that he lived with his wife, making her a virtual buffer with her as a favorable buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes the Rafael's cat-thief completely transformed into his belief. చివరికి మలుపుల వరుసలోకి వెళ్లకూడదు - ఇంకొక ఇంవిన్సిబిల్ తలుపు వెనుక ఉన్న మరొకరిని లాక్ చేయడం ద్వారా మరొక హత్యతో సహా - ఇది ఒక వీల్ చైర్ యొక్క బరువుతో కూలిపోయే విధంగా బలహీనమైన ఒక ల్యాండింగ్ ముందు; Two good men killed as murderer; Unidentified structure of a tunnel in many homes ... (before the story starts) .... The final, long-awaited twist, the film adds another, which is more dangerous, and then ... ends. /> <br /> Here is a story based on the development of two things - the idea of ​​a stranger at home, and the role of man in whose house - and fumbles both. First it will make it boring; The second one made me angry, its main character was more distant and far farther away, and Martin Tunnel Builder and Sneak-tenant: never gave any explanation for the much needed role. This story is someone who is repeating anyone.
