The film ends in the story, in which the fame of the two heroes of the hero and the names of people and places have changed ... before realizing that relationships with real people and events are totally coincident. This ending line actually provides everything that has gone before it; Rhino de Silvestro's outrageous film does not have full attention and the plot is any point; It did not put it there for purpose. The Werewolf Woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a 'so bad bad' film, but I totally disagree. Generally, I enjoy movies like this; But Verrault Woman is indeed a bad movie, and all the sex and cruelty in the show; It is not even made for a pleasant watch, and is really unforgivable. The film does not really have much plot, but we are a young woman with a slim sliver, who she also dream of being a werewolf. She went out and dreamed of finding men and having sexual relations with them and finally killing them. In the real world, she fell in love, but her girlfriend was killed and she goes for vengeance. <br /> <br /> The film is made up of sexy and gore scenes, many of the most cryptic speaking scenes have been embroiled in recent events. These scenes are probably the plot to advance and build the characters; But they do not really do so, and only a successful passive robbery into a seemingly unpredictable movie can only accomplish what might be romp. The director feels more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, and the film shows the fact that it looks and sounds noisy. Sexual scenes are often not exaggerated and are not very sexy, but gore works well. The fact that there is plenty of naked women, and the fact that the main character has a werewolf origin is that the romance is plentiful, the robbery is ripe to give way too sexy slice; But it is not capitalized, and when I can not breathe heavily into the bad acting and poorly laid out storyline, I can not stand up to watching movies. Overall, I do not recommend this movie to a large extortion fan. There are things that are much better than this stuff, and when the title is witty - not the image.
