"La Lupa Manna" aka. In 1976, "Werewolf Woman" was filmed with a very good title, but, sadly, this film is also for my fellow Italian horror fans. You do not listen that the image of Rhino de Silvestri is completely bad - there are its stylish moments, and the first half is quite fun to watch (not amusing). The film gained momentum from an exceptionally exclusive celebrity actress Anak Bourl. However, the original plotless (at least no simplistic) image often does not make any sense, it pulls a lot more glorious than the second half. <br /> <br /> Daniel (Anneck Boreal) dreams of dancing around the night before turning into a werewolf. As she is raped as a girl, Daniel is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (Cult Siren Djamer Lasander) comes to meet her husband, Danila suddenly feels he is attracted to her husband and becomes herself a verbal woman ... or something. The storyline does not really make sense, it makes a lot more fun to watch throughout the first half. The famous character Danille is a few schizophrenic mixtures caterpillars and list nymphomania, occasionally becoming a wolf girl. Director D. Silvester chose for nudity-plots-pores, which works well for me. There are some pretty well done gore moments. The film itself is never too brilliant or creepy, but it is fun at the very beginning. Moreover, there are no attempts to hide it as a slice for the toilet, the camera often makes close-ups for its normal heck in the normal part of Miss Bourne. I do not complain. For some reasons, de Silvestri chose to change any direction in the film. Daniella is the first, a unique wolf who can not help her curse, but suddenly when she meets a man Suddenly, she goes back to normal again, and the next part of the film is not at hand at first with the first half. It gets very gruesome boring shortly after; If all things are taken into consideration, this 99-minute film was only 70 minutes long. Finally, we also believe that the absurd story (if one is called) rely on real events. "Werewolf Woman" has some zealous features; My fellow Italo-Horror fans can try it out. However, if you want to see Italian horror / exploitation movie from the 70s, there are hundreds of movies you see before watching this movie.
