London Dreams is a disappointment about the fools who directed Vipul Shah. It is the type of image whose central controversy will be solved instantly if the characters have a chat just sitting. Ajay Devgan played the role of Arjun, who was previously a baby-artist for enthusiastic audiences at London's Wembley Stadium. He is jealous of Manu's best friend and band mate with his dedication to acting as Sunman Khan, who is more skilled than himself, but somewhere near sight or prestigious. Arjun decides to destroy Manu when the next popularity threatens his own disclosure. The heart and the heart have helped. Arjun If this Wembley Fixation explained what he meant, he was kindly backed up and Arjun would be able to fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have to avoid the trauma of this desperate dungeon. But director Vipul Shah and his writers have no basis for us. London Dreams was filled with posthumous happy gems of Arzene's grandfather, which was shocked to fear the stage in the pack Wembley concert. Or is a ridiculous event in a program where Manu must surely have voice responsibilities after Arjun silence after the explosion of Mantra. Idiot, however, does not end there. In an attempt to publicly humiliate Manu, Arjun uses his connections to cut off drugs. A books grocery buy tequila shots for Mann but he replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know, Manu gained a lot of appetite for addictive white powder, practically dancing like a dinner. Even if not enough silly, it's a raw scene, and then Manu chases after learning that the girl is taking orders. The mask ends in London's slum, where the girl falls on her knees, and secretly follows Manu's girlfriend. Stay awake, there's more! Arjun conceals himself to boycott all the movements to the band's lead dancer Priya (Asin portrayed) to remove her belt and mercilessly stimulate the audience. Most comprehension of Milos Forman's Amadeus for Melis of any comparison with Rock On last year, is a clunky drama directing Vipul Shah's latest script which is the latest. The film will go for over-the-top emotions, for wider humor, and primarily chooses the sound on subtlety. Salman Khan has played all Loudish and beloved characters for Manu, but in Arjun, Ajay Devgan has acted very ill and is very intrinsic. But when Arjun arrives to the boiling point, it displays an awkward previous climax scene where he speeches the packaged concert hall and calls it as a plastic bottle. In the rest of the cast, I can say for Asin is not a kind of word, practically Ghajini is lit up with her lovely sentiments, but she is disappointed here by the unnecessarily desperate role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Rai Kapoor, who have been reduced to bias in the band, regularly perform at the same time, usually "We'll Dude!" For its dimmer writing and sloppy direction, London Dreams is finally a tiresome watch. If you should, it is to see which Saffron Khan turned buffoonery into a bogus acting style. This is the only thing you have to do in this tragic, tragic movie.
