When the film is shown on television for the first time, I will have a good picture of what American soldiers have finally experienced about World War I. Unfortunately this is not. <br /> This is a good movie about WWI. Although it is made for television, it is a real effort to use appropriate tools and credentials. But the producers of the film have adopted the film from the well-produced war films, although writing and direction are very low. War film clippings, such as the Gugger General, are not clear about his people's lives. Although there are plenty of bad generals, Hollywood learns that many combat units are fighting for themselves and that the average grunt experiences are not simplistic? The first part of the film was seen as "Paws of Glory" with American Uniforms. Except "Glory Pads" is psychologically persistent. There is also an American soldier's capture by Chamberlain's Charge (excluding altitude) from the "Gettysburg" and the enemy soldiers ring from "The Thin Red Line". But when the soldier in "thin red line" seized was alone. <br /> <br /> If the film uses a military adviser, they neglected him. Actors (and I can not see my actors while they are looking at me) can not dramatically see military strategies. American soldiers are fired during the attack by German soldiers. And the infamous storm troopers with the infamous Blind appear to use any tactics in their attack. In real battle, strategies are very effective for hurricane forces. But tight scenes are attacking German flamethrowers. In this scene, German flamethrower operators walked into a wide range of defending Americans. <br /> If true, they will never be close to using their flamethrowers before being removed by the defender's bullets. <br /> <br /> Well, when it comes to war strategies, most of the war films are dysfunctional. But still disappointing. But the fact is that this film has really changed, which is a typical anti-war military-angle, which is very important for filmmakers. True, hell of war. But many American soldiers, even though they are dirty and stomach, believe what they are doing and can be gong-ho about it. My grandfather served in World War I. Although I had been dead four years before I was born, how was he proud of his service?
