Eternal Yuth (Der Avibe Jude): We do not call marks of a scholarly document today: more than just supporting the name of experts or sources, our belief is what American newspapers of that period are moral for modern audiences, often dramatic scenes insertion and actual news footage Such as crossing them) are less regulated Mother. The fact that this hypothesis was directed by the filmmaker Hippler "taught to the converted" is that many people do not ask to hate the Jews, many of whom have already been a holocaust. The weak link in the logic of the film shows its "rat" analogy, which goes to describe the behavior of rats, "well, even the Jewish people are like that." Likewise, it was hysterical by showing the Jewish people the ugly Jewish people compared to the attractive gentiles; The reasonable leap of faith is that ugly bad. This film is sometimes contrasted, for example, attacking Western artists and portraying Old Testament characters as light-skinned Europeans; Thus, the so-called "Hebrew" race is indeed a dominant factor of Christian culture. This shows that Gotho Jews live in Roach-Residence, depending on the treasure they store, and then these expensive people have left Zerotto in wealth and luxuries. Incidentally, who can not? The use of scenes from the famous American film, House of Rothschild, is unclear of logic. The first film was denied by the Jews; Then Hippor apparently used to verify the Jewish viciousness (the above-mentioned expression of poverty by the Jews, with Gue as a way of avoiding taxes, while the "spin" Jews of the Rothschild character were largely taxed); Eventually Rothschild's film was executed once again for discovering the famous banking family checking account. This clear sentiment can be clearly reflected in a recurring perspective on whether or not the American footage is shown positively or negatively, but at first glance it makes some people look unmoved. For all of the errors of Eternal Youth, the IMDb viewer rating for the first time was surprising, as the "5" up to date was just as shy. I would like to tell us that EJ's documentary value can not be seen in a few years, with a look at the lives of European Jewish people, offering us the excess of its original purpose. The badness of the film also provides a historic insight as a bad or bad, filmmaker as a propagandist. During this time, I hoped the Director Hipler would once again be flip-flops, "I'd like to do everything before!" Scenes of animal slaughter are particularly gruesome, and are seen as decisive inanimate in contrast to the purpose of Kosher Act to prevent animal suffering. I like those who have seen this film, and there is some awareness about these techniques to comment on this character's accuracy.
