The response to previous comments made by the residents of the area where the movement took place: a person suggested that the Ocean View will be in a recession of amusement park and ruins in the surrounding areas. This is not true. Before the construction of the interstate highway that crosses the ocean view area, passes through the heart of Ocean view. After the completion of Interstate, the Ocean's view quickly became a ghost town with closure of businesses and crime increases. This led to a massive reduction in park revenue, a new competition from nearby Bush Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in the past few years, Norfolk City has become a sought-after destination for high-end housing and has made significant progress in redevelopment growth. <br /> <br /> It also used the footage of the roller coaster's footage "roller coaster". This is not true. <br /> <br /> The shooting of the two coaster cars took a look at the film's ride, but the explosions and fall were exclusive to the "Death of Ocean View Park". The "supernatural" energy in the water next to the park is definitely stupid, but for a short time it is typical for B-grade movies. With scenes from the cast, the scene reflects almost every scene in the scene. I do not believe this film is intended to be another "Citizen Kane"; I believe that Playboy is experimenting with a new naked form, to expand the company (not obvious!). An old energy park in the old amusement park was probably the best in the meeting table, but proven to be uninterrupted. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were aimed at the winged ball; <br /> <br /> The casual film director is "a look and forget about it" except for Diana Convava fans. ; But the film has thousands of people living in the area and the park's fond memories of the park, which is "walking down memory lane" for the footage of the park and downtown Norfolk's first footage, the first "Harborfest", and the Old Dominion University. The limited release of this film is also welcome on DVD.
