The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give the "The Fly Man" the obvious split of "The Fly Man". And while Bryant Holiday is better than a typical IMDb review, Vincent does not have any idea of ​​the stand-in out of the price for the price. However, when it came to think, who would be, except for Michael Gough available? Still, if you're in the mood to watch the British "Hammer" style picture with a science fiction theme about a television experiment gone terribly wrong about a teleportation experiment ... Well, you still have a pass and a cluttered-looking teleportor-appointment film For your local Wal-Mart at 'leftover' bin. <br /> <br /> Holiday in the film and his role in the Devil Doll attracted good-looking ribbons from MST3K staff, but he was actually the best thing in TPM. Perhaps he can not keep the movie, but can not help anybody from screenplay. Freedom and university politics and Lambdach and any early gimmick script bogus about some of the unfortunate ones who want to fail the teleportation machine they could steal its secrets. So all dramatic scenes in the first half of the film have special effects with phone calls or transparent espresso machines and teleporting mice. When the poor Holliday was torn by his machine, he had to spend the last part of the film wearing diaper on his face and rubber cement half of the rest of the Errorcourts in London, across his path. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts could not play this screen using bullhorns. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all other actors try to cope with the life and interest of this itching little project, but the screenplay thoroughly swallows their efforts. The corrupt project manager enters the phone to his blackmailers and looks like a vanvolff dressed in a tweed suit and tattoos west with fogs and the like. Holiday research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the lowest contractual romance in British horror film history. His secretary will have to march around in his "Smalls". It's not true or really works into real movie or gels. <br /> However, for all the problems, can i just do it now? Name dozens of horror films in the same period of time as being easy or worse, and therefore anyone who follows movies (or those who browse IMDb "Lower 100"). I do not really need to pay for "Project Man", but if it's included in a compilation of a dozen other movies in a DVD collection, I'm probably right about it. A dangerous diversion for a horror film festival with friends when using several beers and snacks on Saturday evening.
