Posh Spies Victoria Beckham and her new accusations are just beginning to work for LA (footballer David is now a Galaxy LA player after being transferred from Real Madrid) for work purposes, but thankfully it's just a ' Like the reality TV 's programming, the incident is mostly bizarre, with the car Also complying with the order. Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress. An ugly-Betty Look Lock, we heard beforehand the start of a written and started joke (Beck's apparent trend in the past and more attractive PA Rebecca Lus, she's obviously a <br /> <br /> It's a pitch to stimulate brazenness and push hopeless attempts to basal ball </ P> <br /> <p> It is more than just a sequence with a fake explosion. It was nice to have a ress or impersonator.Talented Impressionist Ronni Ancona in the lead role and being better than the posh herself, and having made this more brilliant decision, made more fun and fun. Sadly, we are at self disappointment and sarcasm Despite the odd scattered attempts, the real thing remains (however, MS scriptor s The crypt may have been rejected), and it never always works before La Beckham's substantial wealth because it does not work remotely and the desire to send his pictures, Mrs. Beckham appears to be a shallow ego, and we can not believe that her weak A-liners have any humorous self-awareness. MS Lewis had previously made the unscripted jibes about how to play a more realistic fly on the wall documentary approach, such as walking and totally ignoring (in scenes of light episodes in the show), and associates in LA on the street, and it was made up of a slightly better TV, but coscopic Because of the PR material, such events should never be allowed. <br /> <br /> If she wants to be big in Hollywood, it has a special appearance at the baseball stadium that was not seen before the most chaotic audience. Her colleague Scary Spies (Mel Brown) is also impractical. <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls is a heavily successful bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s. In their native Britain, but also in other countries, they have been known for some time. They are good at their fame (1997) when it feels like a great time of optimism in the UK with the Government of Coalition Britannia and New Labor, which Spice Girls appears to be somehow better at that time, even though it is somehow made. But they have never had an exceptional musical or singing talent No, UK optimism deteriorated rapidly after that year Lu seemed (the starting point of the tragic death of Princess Diana), as well as the Species' had themselves. Their presence in the music and entertainment scene was soon recurring and clear, and quietly out of the public eye they were honored to enjoy their fortune, the pleasant memories we have encrypted in our mind without any guilt. Unfortunately, at the beginning of the millennium, the emergence of the bizarre 'popular' culture in the UK was paid to those speculations, and we were all thousands of people who suffered, the Pos, the worst offender, and her colleagues did not leave the rest. They have recently announced a reunion tour, they have never been, and the next one is that they do not need any additional bonus for their quick bank accounts for Beck's adventures in an open documentary. I can hardly wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
