Not all of the films starring Nasch are not great, but they are all but not in Naschie-Flix, and they are always entertaining. The great actor Paul Naschie ("There is no rule without exception of the RIP, however," El Marcíil del Infinario "aka" The Devil's PaceSess "(1974), while the film has a specific Naschy-flick-charm which sings a lot of sin and really, Really in the middle of the dark baron that uses black magic and bloodiest customs to suppress people and remain in power Nassache stars as Gilles de Lancer, who learns about Baron's bad behavior by Geston de Melbraan (Guillermo Breadstown) who fights against Gilles de Lanchre against the British, against his former colleague, and Satan Baron's outrage. <br /> Noche de Valpargis "(" The Werewolf vs. The Vampire Woman ", 1971) directed by Nuschi The film is directed by well-known Lyon Kimmovsky, Naschie himself, and Nassache often scripts into his own films, and says he has done a much better job than ever before. "El Marcíil del Inferno" is a historic adventure rather than horror film, and it becomes very boring in the middle. It is often similar to the Sword and Sandal images from the 50s, the film was designed only in medieval times. Perhaps the only part of Satan was added because the great Paul Naschie's name was linked to the horror style. Paul Naschie gave strange sermons, Paul Naschki looked strange, and Paul Naschie made things out to Satan, and Paul Naschie was a victim of innocent victims. But sadly, this film is a very boring hero and good people, and these moments are boring. Females are very good, but not much like Nashchi movies, this nudity and sleaze. There is some gore, but it's mostly clumsy and it is fun for most other Naschie movies. Overall, "El Marcillo del Infinarano" is only valuable to my fellow Naschie-enthusiasts. 1973), "La Jorgobdo de la Morga" ("The Hunchback of the Morgan", 1973), "La Orgia de los Mutoras" ("The Hanging" are dozens of films featuring the Spanish Horror goddess to watch in front of the 1973), "Latitas de Panico "(" Panic Beats ", 1983)," Rozo Sangre "(2004) or any" El Espento Surge de la Tampa "Waldemar Daninsky 'wolf pictures. R.I.P. Paul Naschie. Legends always die!
