The director and producer departed to paint less than the flamboyant images of the Palestinian girl and her family. The movie and it tries to understand that website Ayat means she and Rachel have a secret reason for blowing up- a boyfriend issue- perhaps pregnancy. He clearly explained the fact that a close friend died in the Israelites outside his home. Gosh, why would a young, beautiful, brilliant girl on college go to college plans and do one thing? Harmonious, emotional teenager is in front of her eyes when she sees her to die This is a total 5 seconds donations in the film. Another distinctly divided detail can be prevented by Akilile Levi, Rachel's mother, Akhrrass family (including 22 other families) from destroying the building. She's impressed with this "exclusion" - Mrs. Acrosss agrees to talk to her. "Why am i?" Mrs Levi told her that she wanted to be "a cathartic as well as a symbolic" - the possibility of overcoming deplorable and hateful hatreds "- instead of her aunt's mother to Ayyot's mother Use as a pretext, house car She's really looking forward to meeting Ms. Aghras personally and what kind of life (the Akrous family is actually from Jaffa), whereas two women live just four miles away, and the reality of the occupation of its neighboring Palestinian areas, Got it, but now Lewis lives in a comparative luxury where she lives in a comparative luxury, and I'm apparently good to do Ms. Levini.But the Ayats mother, despite her best efforts by post-production staff to paint herself and her family, Behavioral It comes like. Heck is also on the one hand with music and sound design- I guess that muezzin always sings all day 4-mile every day from Levi's family home, in a seriously contrasting key from sappy new age music to this planet for this documentary score. There are also short translations - Ms. Levi's address directly to the camera in English when she has some time, when she does not say the time before Heaven. Mrs.Akhras only speaks Arabic, sometimes TRANSLATION, Sometimes TRANSLITERATION, ALWAYS frustrating, and an imaginary target movie is very suspicious. They also "sweated" under the lights, Mrs. Levi (air-conditioned) while sitting in comfort. Mrs. Editing for Akhrass Divisions I liked Ayes mother and father who looked like a good parent, because I gave it a 2. HBO is a disgrace for producers and directors to release such a stink-bomb.
