Welcome to our town, welcome to your town. Since we were introduced to the world of its towns in 1901, the three action play "Stage Manager" was opened to us by the visual storyteller you liked. After his initial contacts, we are heading into two separate families' homes; <br /> <br /> It is a prolific path of Central America, and the American Dream and its oils at the beginning of the century can seem a bit biased in this dream town. Grover's Corners, the daily lives of 2642 people in New Hampshire, will see the Polish workers and 500 more people that they can never see. <Br /> <br /> After the introduction of the daily lives of these families; Wives are cooking, children's housework, working with fathers, fell in love, and clean picket-faced whites, young Jorge (young and unrecognizable William Holden at the age of 22) and Emily to fall in love and marry. Blooming lovebirds reach the stars and make their way to their own lives, the niche they live in, and now they are seriously concerned about the agitation and worry in young adolescents. The third act is a bit sour and foreboding, the film's intentions are clear, where we do not live, not a lot of fun or death, and the dead are again visiting and revising their life past, here we are to remember, life, and Every last minute, every valuable breath is not wasted and abused Swim. <br /> In the last third episode, the political outlook is also very clear with its own political perspective, moral lecture, and Central America, and it is propagating how to direct it to its home and how it should be ordered. This is not about the "town" of the city, if it is "our" souls and its people (such as the spines, Irish, Native American and Independent ethnic minorities, and the minorities are generally the American backbone of the backbone and the middle), the American Dream's expectations You can live by honesty and honorable country. <br /> <br /> I got a little fun by this film, but I felt that its heroicity was stronger than anything that took part in it. Bland acting, musical score or how well, or it did not. It meant that the films intended to exclude other groups, and the likes of the Web and Gibb, in the USA of Developing Countries, were not only a good movie, but I thought it was a bit biased in its view. <br /> <br /> The Pulitzer Prize-winning play, and the six Academy Award nominated film, taken from the US-based Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), a lifelong movement of life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, the translation of the plays on celluloid comes across a little to the right tower of social consciousness. The town is just "right people" in this town, you can still unlock your back door, we're seeing the lives of these two families, but their ethical and moral The social aspect is more important than it is. Our town may have "town", only as long as you come from the right side of town.
