Cassavetes is clearly a brilliant, sensitive person with bold new ideas about making movies. He wanted to be a motion picture artist for his departure from the limits of the system and to bring new reality to American cinema. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not praise a woman under the influence. Cassavates managed to create a cryptic image filled with an attractive element (a mad woman) and a long, ad-free-driven and drawn-out scenes. He has a prize for capturing the Dallant moments of a person's life in the film, and he looks just like his camera has changed and motor runs and runs. This strategy is acceptable if Cassave's acquired something devastatingly devastating - or something a kernel is not a traditional image that struck it in the real way. And yet I have seen appearances, especially Rowlands, artificially. I never really believed for a moment that I was really mad. I met people who were really mentally disturbed, but nobody was affected by Jen Rowland as no one was affected. She acted as a very bad, discouraged woman, and she played a lot of drinks, and she was once confused by her drink (initially), but she was drunk in the rest of the movie. There are a few moments in which she enters into something real, but those moments are small; She fails to maintain a seamless emotionally disturbed role. Again, I praised her efforts, but it was not enough to make the performance ring true. <br /> <br /> It is a great deal to see the anxious audience on the film and its high IMDB rating and prove that they will get it. But you do not have ideas through the hype - judge. Like Woody Allen, John Cassavates was suspiciously and negligently self-pampering that he could not imagine his own minds and felt that his life experiences were endlessly charming, facing solicitations in his film production. But Woody Allen performed at least a prize to make the audience entertain - he knows what film is needed for a constructive story structure and a good dose of humor. If Cassavetes were appointed some self-discipline (and sharp edition shears!), There is a woman under influence. But if there are art-devoted devotees and filmmakers who worship the cascades of the only real people who can sit and stand there, what kind of established anti-establishment are they? Without dumbing down anything, I believe Cassavetes might have made it a little more accessible by placing moving pace with an actual plot, instead of displaying a 30-minute long shots string of ad-free arguments. If you make some of yourself and some of your fans, you will reach out as you have already changed. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you're really moving and attracted, it's good for you.
