One of the most illustrious romantic movie plots is one of these: a deeply confused woman in love with an ultimately ill woman who turns his life before death. Occasionally this story takes place well and originally ("The Theory of Flight", a wonderful Wreckey), but it is often the "Old Movie Disease" as "Hollywood Heroine". You have no symptoms of terminal illness but a fainting spell and you say that your lover is saying goodbye forever, and your looks are not a bit affected (and from this 70's, your sex life is not). <br /> <br /> The most intimate script is accompanied by an incomparable and unbelievable roles, played by a full-fledged actors in the ocean. Al Pacino's career was the worst performance, and only two days ago when I saw "Devil's Advocate"! He controls the control-freak, mentally strained race car driver and plays an inexhaustible role. It seems that he is constantly asking why Keller (who makes the audience) constantly staying around, and where he spent a lot of people, usually his mouth is open. He reveals only how he would show any kind of life, where he demonstrates that his character has proved to be a man who made him mockingly bad by making him a Mae West simulation. Hey, it's * seventy years old. <br /> <br /> Martha Keller is equally terrible as she is interested in the love to die; Her character is bold and free and touching and is full of life despite being undoubtedly and dying, and Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie, intentionally intending to play an actress. Instead, they got emotional face and heavy German speech. Keller, a scary tutonic stereotype ("You eat the VILL! She is looking at her faults in refinement of her passion and filling out all of her courage and soul, and not doing that, she looks at her faults in a very bad way, You can not believe that she believes with someone who gets on her nerves. <Br / > Some of the bad movie fans are called this Western tradition, because Pacino's silly "carefree" is our West Simulation.The scenery is not a case, especially in the case, but it's not worth sitting by the rest of the movie. The cast is terribly terrible, but the serious chemistry between Pacino's other girlfriend played    అధ్యయనం ఆసక్తి ఉన్న ఒక తీవ్రమైన చెడు చిత్రం ప్రేక్షకుడిని మాత్రమే చిత్రం చూడండి కెల్లర్ చిన్న జుట్టుతో ఇష్టపడిన మరియు ధ్వని చేస్తున్న నటి, నేను వారిని పూర్తిగా గందరగోళపరిచాను). ఇది "కాంకరర్" లాంటి ఆ నవ్వు-ఒక-నిమిషం చెడ్డ సినిమాలలో ఒకటి కాదు, అది కేవలం నిజంగా చెడు చిత్రం. <br />
