Titanic, led by James Cameron, presents a love story in the history of the Titanic. The plot is simple, it is not easy, or it is not for those who love to turn around and turn the plots and keep them constantly. The end of the film will end in minutes from the beginning of the film, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocrat lady from Cal (Billy Zane). Early on, Rose began to encounter (Leonardo DiCaprio), a low-level artist, on the way to America, after winning the ticket at the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes, and that is because he is worried about their social concerns. Both in love and the viewer see the Titanic wreck through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in modern times, analyzing the disaster caused by a team that sank treasures. Titanic, what happened recently. Rose DeWitt Bukater, a survivor of Titanic, has heard the study of television disaster, and remembers what he is going to take to a ship that is searching for a boat that he is looking for. He tells the story of a single trip to Titanic. Through this, the scene has arrived in Southampton, Ireland, where the Titanic began on April 10, 1912 to bring all passengers on board. After another stop on the Irish coast, he watched the Titanic Atlantic from his first trip to New York. Historically, during the first days of the trip, it was unfocused, but storytelling is developing over time, because Rose views the hopeful despair of the rich Cal Hockley and is in love with third-party travelers. Jack Dawson. According to the Captain Smith's film, the White Star Line demands an increase in the speed of the ship, the newspaper owner will receive additional advertising on Thursday night in New York and not on Friday night. Smithe then made a stunning decision against his 30-year experience to stretch Titanic's legs to full speed. Titanic reported that the waters in the Atlantic were full of ice, but these were ignored and they were still at full speed in the film. On April 15, 1912, at 11: 39, an iceberg was seen. The engine turned off and the boat tried to get the iceberg's way but it was not enough time and the boat hit the story that struck the star in the film. The portrait of many small holes in the side of the ship and side by side are not exactly accurate. The Titanic crews sent calls and hurried off rockets, as shown at 2:18 p.m., after the lights failed. The California lights were seen six kilometers away, but failed to realize what was happening, and they did not receive Titanic support. The Californian days earlier attempted to warn Titanic of a severe ice rink to stop the trip, but Titanic left the California radio station off and left the Titanic on his own. The first women and children were the first to place them with twenty booties on board. Third-party travelers experienced enormous difficulties when they had the most deaths of any type of class, and the crew were hard-working in this tragedy. White Star Line and first-class passenger travelers considered secondary and third-party travelers as attempting to obtain information on sinking. Likewise, the metal used to build Titanic has been found in recent years in severe cold conditions. That night, the Titanic passed on tonight. In general, the basic argument is very accurate because of its events and the Titanic Titans. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were not real and only created. the purpose of the film or the character as a compound to represent the features and ideas of people on board. Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's main mum were fictional characters attached to the story when they depicted different people from that era. However, negligible characters like Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; Thomas Andrew Ship Designer; White Star Line Representative, Bruce Ismay; and all the Titanic officers were real. The first captain of the trip was Edward Smith's last trip, however, while he retired later. It was part of White Star Line since 1880. There he earned the Millionaire's Captain title when he destroyed the Titanic. Official portraits are accurate, except for four tragedies, except the officers threatening to kill a gun with all the passengers on board. It is a heroic recognition and James Cameron called for a memorial in his homage to the official in the hometown of Canadian hometown. As seen in the film, there is a language problem among top-flight crew and non-English speaking countries. He was also depicted as the only officer who recovered Lowe officers. The older ones that appeared on their beds were in the water when they were sitting in the room at Strauss. When she refused to leave her husband, Mrs. Strauss refused to enter her boat and her husband died in Titanik. Also, Mr. Goggenheim, like his brandy, drank and cigar smashed like that, dressed in his best. The wealthiest man in the ship, John Jacob Astor, owned by Manhattan, died, but his younger wife was saved in a rescue boat. Additionally, the crew of the Carpathian survivors overcame Molly Brown and later survived the Titanic river. His Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars and ended his life. All of the interior of the ship was sharply replaced by Chinese ships and silversmiths. The unenlightened gym is perfectly recreated with all the machines that are played, in accordance with the ones seen in the old photographs. Beautiful costumes and costumes emerged in the 1912 post-contemporary era. The rich yet practically commended, since the suffrage movement of women had not yet moved. At that time, women married for financial security, as Rose was thinking of, and her husbands were usually forced back by their husbands, because Cal did want Rose to do it. The rich did not take the "new money" well, like Molly Brown, for example. The time was very formal. The women had to have dinner, seeing a male image in the dining scenes. Smoking was not very common among females, but cigarettes, when they came in at that time, used the movie they had seen with Rose. At that time men generally cigarettes not smoked in cigarettes. Women socially and socially physically societies. Although James Cameron did not include the Titanic Titanic specialists, he did not mention the history of the films, but he made little reference to the history of the Titanic. Fine cinematography and special effects have helped make movies even more amazing. <br /> <br /> The message on the Titanic movie is visible, as the sea people disappeared three hours later. James Cameron shows the reactions of people's lives during this period of crisis. Everyone reacts differently and thinks he could react if he had been in that night of the Titanic night. In addition, this film is reflected in the 1990s, giving a look at Titanic's waste. Only found in the last fifteen years, the Titanic site was examined. This movie could not have seen much more than a catastrophe over the catastrophe. However, today, people are considering the moral questionnaire that must take the treasures of an underwater cemetery. They have been trying to stop the treasures sought by Titanic missions but they have all failed. Today, everyone can take a trip to the Titanic, and they can take valid objects that represent the general values ​​of our time in the film. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film does it very well. To get the footage he sank at the bottom of the ocean, he took twelve dives to get the footage needed to make the movie. In addition, a special camera had to be created to deal with the underlying pressure of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to think of using probes as part of Titanic Titanic's 88-year internship, offering a unique view of the boat. Additionally, throughout the movie they disappeared as a result of the revelation of the Titanic trip to Titanic. This change between the modern scene and the scene of the whole scene during the whole journey makes it a great transition to make the story easy to follow. At the beginning of the film, a september entertainment is used when true people leave the Titanic group on the European coast to distinguish the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> Titanic almost like historical biography and artwork, it's like a real epic. Like most of the novels in history, we know the end, but it does not look great on this image. Some of the aspects of this film are the Oscars, material, costumes, sounds, cintematography and edition. You will like interesting characters in the early 1900's, and if you have some interesting characters that will make you look like disaster, it's definitely a movie for you. <br /> <br /> <br />
