Having followed a man with a masked man and after a prologue to an older gentleman, he is deserted on a mountain Australia, Julie (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam) are known as hunters at home. They get a loan from the top agreement that is located in a possible Sydney street, but it turns out that physical corruption is not the problem with their new home. Simply be haunted. <br /> <br /> 13 Gantry Row combines a memorable and somewhat topical story with Catherine Millar in the average direction and the average above average. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake seems to be partly a quote, but it's not entirely a pretext. An essential problem occurs at the beginning of the film. It has some winning editions of "thriller scene". Freeze frames and frames are used to cover much action. Suspense must be created from staging, not set in "combined" techniques. There's a good atmosphere around the scene, the lighting, the cloud, and such, but the camera must continue to kill the murderer and the victim, cutting it off, as we enter the street, revealing it. increasing proximity. Tracking and cuts must be slow. The attack must be longer, more clearly and better locked. As it stands, the scene has a strong "television" feeling and has a low budget. <br /> <br /> After that scene, we move to today and the flow of the film is greatly improved. The stories The Amityville Horror (1979) has a lot of resemblance, even though the budgets are closer. They create a number of scenarios that effectively create scriptwriter and screenwriter Tony Morphett, which is often more dramatic than the one directed at special effects, such as the mysterious man who removes old iron fastened to an inner wall. . / At least half of the first half of the movie strives to finalize Julie and Peter home funding, and then trying to consolidate it. But Morphett writes a good and intelligent conversation. The material is good enough, later thriller parties that are traditional thriller and later thriller parties, especially when trying to buy your home, have suffered a similar noise. <br /> <br /> When they get it they will be fixed and things get started, even though special effects often leave you as much as you want, ideas are good. The shows help create tension. There's a lot of deaths and destructions in the movie: home remedies are full of nightmares. But the threat is not really the point. <br /> <br /> The point is human relations. Some character arches are very interesting. The house exists as a catalyst for metaphor and stress, which may be involved in a romantic relationship and may be destroyed. It is located in a neighborhood of the lake, and the relationship indicates that it is among the two yuppies that are most successful, which only shows those who can not blame them with external illnesses, such as money or health problems. Peter's nature is driven from a sharp corporate worker, while "normal" friendship-based work and someone with more despair becomes subversive, in order to achieve something more liberating and meaningful. At the same time we learn how little friendship professionals can be. Julie almost literally breaks nervous, but eventually finds a release from her romantic relationship. 13 Gantry Row surpasses the sadness of television as never before. This is pretty good with great intentions. Filmed movies, psychofilms or deep-seated horror / emotions should be found by anyone who likes to be more profoundly metaphorical. Without a doubt, it's not worth spending $ 30 for a DVD (that's when my local PBS station asked for a copy of the movie (shipping and handling), but it's worth the rental and it's definitely. it's worth seeing.
