In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton prohibits cloning research, the unfortunate death of Prince Diana, Marlins won the world series and created a woman septuplets. This year, Titanic has been publishing one of the biggest films of all time: about the dream boat, a boy and a boy, but social classes and social classes. The height of the emotional commitment with the ship disaster. I do not think anyone could expect that it was as big as the Titanic, that the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% were young, when I was 12, and of course. He watched the movie several times. Jack and Rose shared the love that shared love was so authentic and beautiful. At the time I thought Titanic could make a mistake, I grew up of course and I did not see the movie since I was 14 years old. Two years ago, I watched the movie DVD on 5.99 and I thought it was a good price and now I thought about the movie. Is it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Leonardo's nose was real? Okay, I know it's stupid, but I saw the movie again. Here being a totally honest one, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, does not depend on the idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic loves love, humor, disaster, emotions and never leaves us on this trip. <br /> <br /> The films begin to explore Brock Lovett and his team on the RMS Titanic, looking for a necklace with a valuable diamond called the heart of the ocean. Without success, they found a drawing of a young naked woman, dressed in Ocean of Heart, on the day the Titanic sank. The 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns drawing and lovetteth her in contact with Lovett. Elizabeth and her grandson "Lizzy" Calvert visits Lovett and her skeptic team in her remnant. When asked about the collar's direction, Rose Calvert reminds her of Titanic's memories, she first felt Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, a 17-year-old Rose senior with Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, a 17-year-old Rose sends a ship. Both emphasize the importance of Rose's commitment to Cal-Mar marriage. Dewitt-Bukater's Debts: While they looked outwardly superior, Rose and her mothers are financially spoiled. Sharp and frustrated, frustrated by the pressure given by the driver Cal and his mother to the pressure of marriage, Rose tries to kill herself from popping. Before jumping, Jack Dawson is an artist and artist. Jack and Rose make a tentative friendship thanks to the one who saved his life, and shares the stories of adventure and travel that sketch; Their trust is deepened, when they leave the first-class dinner dinner at the richest class dinner, to a much more lively Irish dance, music and beer festival. After Cal's official's announcement of Rose's direction, "it's forbidden to see Rose again." However, after a seven-year-old daughter who is encouraging herself as a "good woman" with her wife, Rosek challenges her and her mother, asking Jack to be naked and only asking for the Heart of the Ocean. Caletik. In the first moment of the great season, together they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> Then, they are witness to the shock of a boat with an ice. After listening to the look of the boat, after discussing how serious a collision is, Rose tells Jack that he needs to warn his mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal has discovered Rose's nude drawing and her unbelievable release, so Jack draws Ocean Love to work on Lovejoy Jack's pocket. After learning Cal, Jack wants to die under his back, Rose and his mother escape to save him. Jack and Rose go back to the top. Cal and Jack, despite being enemies, both want Rose safe, so they will convince him to raise his ship. But when Jack realizes he can not let it go, Rose pulls her back in the boat and joins Jack on the first stairs in his boat. Jack and Rose return to the upper bridge, the packaging ships have disappeared, and the ship finally drops the frozen Atlantic over Jack and Rose. <br /> <br /> So, does Titanic live with his hype? I still say it's a great movie, I think, though, there are still a few haters who, for some reason, want to throw the movie into the trash because they won a lot of awards and everyone was in love with the movie. But a great performance, amazing effect, a well-written story, and still looks great. Love or hate it, you have to admit that this movie does not play a lot of hype due to amazing abilities for Leo's child's face or Kate's sight, this film is unique. He will always have a special place in my heart, when I released this movie 8 times in the theater. But all this, I recommend this movie, it's very good, and I'm sure to fall into a classic one day. 10/10/9/10
