Scott Bartlett's 'OffOn' fog is nine minutes. Flashing epilepsy forces, bright colors, psychedelic attacks, and the first true combination of film and video in avant-garde cinema. Is not that a story, Bartlett uses the images of nature? Particularly human face and shape? to influence the sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into a very industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film is a combination of humanity's tools, its machinery and its technology. Does this topic link Stanley Kubrick's '2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) to the HAL9000 sub-section,' and, indeed, Bartlett's image sequences-? flashing color in front of a closed human eye? Dave Bowman recalls the Stargate route. The visuals are rich in color, with vivid photos and a blend of more and more grainy, as we are sitting near the TV screen {finally, as the product was recorded from the TV screen]. <br /> <br /> There seems to be a confusion in the release date of the movie. The 1972 film was released, but the National Film Registers and the Film Preservation Foundation make a direct 1968 release. Perhaps this difference reflects the time between the composition of the film and its first public performance. In any case, the images are from those times, from time to time, in the 1980's, music video recalls, and a vibrant techno music would not go wrong. 'OffOn' captures fragmented and fragmented images, from the point of view of processing too much processing information on computer life. I had a thought ?? and do not apologize for this interpretation of free thinking? Terror television signals captured the extraterrestrial civilization that could very well receive such strange and alien documentation of human life, a massive imaging of images that he knew solely with a coherent sense that could not be consistent. Perhaps the human being, with all its technology, is at the end of the day, as the film and video are compatible, in a way that goes hand in hand with cleanliness and artificiality.
