I love this movie. Ed Wood Jr. Since I am not a bomber, I prefer to appreciate its "limitless illusions" and its shortcomings. His films are fun, but his personal story is pain. I had hoped, and I was glad I found out that this film was about to understand its troubled life, that it would fill it with glory of slaughter. From the beginning to the end, this film changes from one documentary to mythology, leaving the cast and spectator unexpectedly together with Ed Wood Jr. They are people who know Ed. The best talking about it, in every way positive and negative, and shows us his character as much as Ed. We can learn from Ed's personal and professional life: from his dreams, his drinking, his sexuality, his friends, his enemies as well as the beginnings of the film. <br /> <br /> Film shoots the same. With a low budget mode, Ed seems to be respectful, as in 1996, the use of the most shot techniques in theater films is inadequate (wearing a more beautiful outfit than the president). The designer uses humor and a wide view when each cast's partner matches their background. <br /> <br /> Hobbies are excited to hear a personal testimony to Ed Wood's discussion, and they will be new. He was surprised that this man was real. The DVD is not possible to find gems ("Lorado Crossroads" and photo galleries), but this movie is the real treasure trove and amazing story. He had the habit of defining Ed Wood. people get together with him (better or worse), as a woman will descend down as a "pool owner" in history, so that her friends and her friends can be baptized in her pool. This ability to define the legacy of a person is universally passed, and the most striking conclusion of the film was not only the well-rounded idea of ​​the man Ed Wood Jr., but also a wide-ranging view of the community. create In any case, unless a member of the screen has been interviewed, Ed Wood becomes a clear connection between several people in his life, and the viewer becomes very sensitive to the implications. <br /> Although the titles are directed at the horror genre of the B list, we can see that it is courtesy. Random people have nothing to do with storytelling, he concluded that all the casts will come to be a cohesive fabric that creates an unbelievable unity with fabric history. <br /> <br /> To contradict life in many ways, Ed Wood Jr. could not condense to a single view. This is the closest way to get to know this collaboration effort. The topics are intertwined, respectful, provocative, thoughtful, hard, fun, dull, pleasant and full.
