Shinjuku Triad Society has a compelling film that tries to imagine itself, even from the perfect, in a traditional, usual way. Yakuza is a photo of the trio against Japanese and / or Chinese police (especially Chinese, as the title suggests), but Takashi Miik has already made films in the first technical debut as well. Social Issues like precious goods such as the black market, in this case the human bodies are usually children; childhood and nostalgia for one's roots, especially Dead or Alive 2; his nose was threatened by taboos, gay sex (satirical) rape / violence for women; blood-betrayal violence It's not as surreal as some of the latest Miike movies, but this is awaiting the fact that they are starting to learn things, following the direct route to video programmers. It has all these features, as well as its subsequent movies, extremely wild and nonsense, crazy (in between) and sardonic in its dramatic, and solid for the genre lovers. <br /> <br /> The story is that the two brothers, a Japanese orphaned Chinese Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, Eastwood-esquire as quite anti-hero / hero), who has become a detective, and another, Become a gangster, or a flower. The gang against the main bow probably comes from Wang (what the team means free time), as a typical wacko made by Tomorowo Taguchi in dread of his eyes, and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar is a menace). Although the order was repeated only by a bitter agreement for a woman who was blind to her eyes), who are organically appearing organically in the film Miike. Kiriya becomes almost a victim of gangsters with the organ's negotiation scheme, and all major gangster puppets perform at least one major gangster. Mengak and her writers bring the abilities and resilience they are trying to emulate in Shakespeare (that's why MacBeth wins her bloody Wang, hangs over and over again after some gay sex "does not come out." <br /> <br /> < > If you do not add the same level of impact as Shakespeare's plays, it's a journey like a movie like this, but they meet the goals of Miike, even in low-minded scenes: the image of gangsters, serious family problems (some brothers work with parents the main tension that stems from the obligation), direct observations, underprivileged crime, and sexually-incapable, in relation to both sexes, psychologically creates characters, while the Shinjuku Triad Society also includes moments of classic sharp comedy from colleague Miike, It must be taken with regard to the abundance of the headmaster, at the beginning with the chair that breaks the front or the random "questionnaire" It's like it's adorned with. twisted area There is also a laughing laugh at the young slave boyfriend after finishing an action from a boss: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and her writers do not have enough movie Ichi or, of course, to make a complete comedy film of Visitor Q, but it is not enough to bring the smoothness of the story and the dark side of the characters. /> <br /> In the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it is called, I was very impressed and is a beautiful card for some of the most recent and most curious contemporary contemporary filmmakers.
