I do not fully assume that Rob Schmidt was a "master" in the horror genre, since he directed a horror movie, he directed a horror movie called "Wrong Turn", which was just over the top of the medium, but it's true that it's made "Mister of Horror" one of the best and best episodes of the second season with "Right to Die". Similar story of a similar season, when William Malon did the best episodes of "The Fair Haired Child", although the feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" were bad. <br /> The story "Right to Die" takes on a heavy social debate about today's euthanasia, but fortunately it deals with ancient horror issues, such as ghostly revenge, dead conspiracy, humor and comics. Stylized violence in the book If you are discussing a late-night adultery at a late-night home and your husband's adultery, Addison's partner participates in a marvelous accident. Cliff pulls away the ruin, but his wife Abby needs to burn up and artificially keep alive. With Cliff and his busy attorney ("The Dentist" Corbin Bernsen) asks for a locksmith and car builder, Abbey's mother creates a massive media campaign to keep her daughter alive and to blame Cliff. In the meantime, Abbey's hateful spirit becomes a vengeance and kills someone near Cliff with close proximity to medical devices. After a few victims, Cliff realizes that it might be safer if he wants to keep alive his wife. The "Right to die" episode is horrible and I always expected the kind of thing to see from television concepts like "The masters of fear". It is violent and horrible, humorous and twitching. The theme of Euthanasia and the circus of compulsory media surrounds the script, but at the same time not returning to political or moral views. The atmosphere is suspensful and the kill sequences are bad and disturbing. Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney are both beautiful and amazing faces; It is always welcome, and Corbin Bernsen finally allows him to represent a fast and eccentric season. A great "MoH" passage; definitely stands out in two seasons.
