Tim Krabbe is the author of "Het Gouden Ei", a novel on the screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the most recent works by Dutch writer is De Grot, two completely different men, Egon and Axel, a psychological thriller, gathered in a youth camp and, surprisingly, a dear life. He's a quiet and sad person, who studies and writes geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "feast-animal", a heavy drinker, a daily preoccupation with getting the woman into her room. As soon as they meet, Axel has a great influence on Egon, and the latter is envious of him because he has a good life, if he does not really do anything (for example, he reads a thick book like Egon); After all, Egon also drags out illegal practices to Egon, which leads to a fatal drug transfer in a remote Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I think the reviews were quite positive. about it. In my opinion, the book is particularly affected by the complex structure. Krabbe presents the story as an absurd portrayal of the relationship between two persons, it becomes a plot puzzle: many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two successive scenes rarely appear in the same section. That's why the story feels surprisingly distant: you need to know the background of a character to take care of him too. Another complaint was that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are stereotyped. Egon IS 'is a sad intellectual, Axel is the opposite. In real life, only one-dimensional people rarely exist; In books and movies, it seems that there is always a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie was a pleasant surprise, much better than the books. The adaptations of cinema, mood and acting stand out: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the Dutch poets, who can forget about the actors that make you forget (that is, I think it's the highest actors). The disadvantages of the movie, however, are the same as the book: especially because the characters are single-dimensioned, so the foreseeable ones are becoming annoying. What is the script written? In fact, Krabbe himself. It is evident that this talented director (which is, nevertheless, clearly permits the movie) is blocked by a lack of script. Maybe Koolhoven should choose a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
