RUMORS is a memorable series of series cartoon series in the War series, "Private Snafu". The films were directed to the soldiers and directed, encouraged and directed some of Warner Bros's greatest talents. Including Termite Terrace, Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The voice of Snafus was immensely valued at Mel Blanc, and Theodor Geisel, for example, Dr. Seuss gave stories and rhyming narratives. The idea of ​​conveying basic concepts with humor and vivid images was to use Snafus as a perfect negative example: the drug, which was NOT supposed to do. According to Chuck Jones, the Pentagon officials had to confirm the scripts, but the Navy's brass band encouraged the cheerleaders to enjoy the unusual freedom of language and language jokes; it would be possible to accept more than one theater censorship at that time ... of course. <br /> <br /> As the title indicates, cartoon is an illustration of harmful rumors. The setting is an army camp. Private Snafu is next to another soldier in Latrria (not something you will see in any of Hollywood's other films of that time), and their ordinary conversation starts shooting the ball. We see that the worst warning about bombing is misunderstood and then excessive, then the rumor that catches the camp becomes increasingly frightening. The images are vivid: the brain of a disturbing soldier is depicted as a percolator; The other fever's fever gives it a warm hot air, that is, "balloon juice." A soldier pulls "his mouth" out of the cannon, and before knowing it, the real baloney flies in all directions. Winged Baloney. The Panicate soldiers say they have been punched by Brooklyn Bridge, the Coney Island has been removed, the enemy troops landed on the White House Lawn, and the Japanese are in California. The visualizations become surreal and nightmares, eventually the camp was locked in a cell that is full of "Rumor-itis" and a private Snafu. <br /> <br /> This work is very effective. The filmmakers interpreted their subject dramatically, energetically and astonishingly, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can create much more brutal rumors than ever, thanks to the progress of communication, which was ever faster than ever. Because technology has improved, the private Snafus of our time is able to send their own balloon juice through e-mail, mobile phones and blogs. As a result, RUMORS is a strange example of a war educational movie and it is imperative that the message does not feel on the date; In fact, it can be more time than ever.
