The actress Krishna Vamsi Shakti-The Power was a powerful woman in the Desi version of the Not-Only My Daughter in Hollywood, the first production of Sridevi's actress. A story about a fight against a tough injustice for women. <br /> <br /> The story of the film Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) lives in Canada, her uncle (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti) living in Canada. She knows Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor) and falls in love with her and they soon get married. Their families have been completed with a boy from Nandin, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). However, happiness is very short, the unpredictable Shekhar's mother (Deepti Naval) is leaving her perfect life in Canada and coming to India. Then they started to trouble. Since India and India have arrived, both are amazed at the pollution and people everywhere to see a wide crowd. They take a crowded train to get to the village of Shekhar and when they arrive at the station, they take a long bus to the town. Incredible sweep of soil is a non-self-propelled vehicle. And, sadly, from them, a huge mafia that attacks Shekhar's way, without attacking the buses. Fortunately, they get killed to kill it, before damaging it for a long time. After that, they give Havel's delivery, where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar), lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandan realized that he had introduced his father-in-law into the command, but his only consolation is the warm welcome of his mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini learns with his father. -The tyrannical behavior of racism and realizes that murder is a pure life for him. He sees that the grandfather spends his son on the day he teaches a bomb, loses it and shakes it against Shekharri to return to Canada. But when terror came back again, when Shekhar was killed a day, when Nandini broke off the poor land that was left alone with his son, his crude mistress would shake him. The fight against this man to denounce his son is the end of this emotional film converter. The film's rural environment is also distinguished by Shakti due to the latest films. . Ismail Darbar's music, which does not rise above the script, prevents it. Anh Malik, Ishq Kameena, the most savage passion, is the only way to save. He has made some excellent cast performances from his manager's pangs. It is the life of Karisma Kapoor, and she has given a mother full of emotion. Without a doubt, he has won prizes due to his renewed portrait. Secondly, this film is the actress Nana Patekar. His uninhabited suit suitably adjusts his versatility with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is a series of surprise films, with an honest and effective portrait of both actors. Deepti Naval is also in a very good shape, and Nana Pr-climax's faces can be praised. Shahrukh's cheerleader offers clearer moments and is sure to get the star value. Although his role has not been necessary, he has done well. In general, Shakti is much better than the current feature, and Pr-release is likely to get a good hype release. Shakti is owed by critics and audiences. Therefore, the film must have at least 2 coils cut to improve the effect. Shakti is still able to stop it.
