If the films stand out from the actors, this is probably this. I never say a conversation in a rough way, but have a strong feeling. The movie was worrying for a moment. However, the film was immensely editing. The movie tries to add commercials and songs, but they are not yet in the same place. He is talking about charism, and at the same time, SRK (comically) is struggling with the police. Ishq Kamina singing was very popular. In addition, the film is very bright at the beginning. The management was not bad, but no doubt, no one should be afraid. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors have chosen very carefully. Without them, this film would not be affected. Karisma Kapoor has given her the best roles so far, and this one looks good on her album after Zubeida and Fiza. It looks nice in the first half, and I have never had an actor, not angry and screamed with him. The most ironic is surely the weakest part that has been written so far. Nana Patekar enjoyed her grandfather. Not much to say about it, that's it. Deepti Naval's mother-in-law was great especially in the last scene. Although it does not need to be said, facial expressions and body language were good. Another good performance was a small child. It was adorable and probably brought tears in the eyes of the audience. The movies have constantly saved their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was well, but he did not do much. Shahrukh Khan wasted his bad young man. <br /> <br /> Ishq Kamina's audience brought a thing to the theater. Piktika and dance song is perfect for the raw song lyrics. And Aish's baby is crazy. However, the song must be in another movie in the worst moment ever. People may have come to Aish, but they are not so proud that they will be surprised. Hum Tum Miley went well, but it seemed to have been suspended throughout the entire suspense mood. Damroo Bhaje was boring and he did not hear anything. Dil Ne Pukara is a boring song to get the film's atmosphere. Despite bad reviews, they only see shows.
