The beauty of this movie is a magnificent portrait of the mother's love capacity, dramatic performances, steady execution and an innovative script. The film tells the story of a Nandini Indian woman, living in Canada, Shekhar's husband and Raja's baby. Suddenly, his husband informs his family in India (even if he does not know) and that the pair go to India. When entering the village, Nanadini is amazed and terrified to see a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, a cruel, cynical, and sorrowful father, governed by Narasimha, is a bad and violent life, full of murder and fear and serving and unprotected women. Nandini Shekhar is angry at returning home, but her father's enemies will soon die. When he wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to take him to Raja India. Here is the intense battle that can be called "Nandini vs Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India does not show a particularly positive light in this film, but only shows a very minority of its rural areas. so it can be correct. The portrait, in my opinion, is correct and not one side, because the positive side is partly presented. There's a horrible vision in a movie world anywhere in the world. The locations are amazing, it's a wonderful music, and Krishna Vamshi's direction helps create and edit a very effective cinematography. Ismail Darbar is the most beautiful point in the background provided. The character is very well defined, although on the sides it looks dark and dark in different parts of the film. Realistically depicted, the movie flows well and the watch is interesting and quite fun. His interviews are excellent and intelligent, and the shocking procedures can be very disturbing for a few moments, and many positive moments help to reduce tension. <br /> <br /> They are the greatest performances of the film. Charisma Kapoor is amazing and very compelling Nandini. The power of balancing the emotion between weakness and silence is incredible. It shows so much intensity, aggressiveness, anguish and determination to bring the son to his son to bring his son to his son. While his cracks show that Nana Patekar is like volcano eruptions, she shows us how the easiest woman can be a tiger when she is a child. After Fiza, this is his most powerful performance. Who has seen one of the greatest Indian film actors, Nana Patekar is described as Narasimha. Narasimha is hateful, but it is admirable as the actor who plays. Patek shows the whole belief of cruelty, stupidity and even humanity. It's outstanding. Another great performance is not surprisingly Deepti Naval, the best-known Indian actress, who perfects her character. Sanjay Kapoor is good and Shahrukh Khan offers a great deal of comic relief. However, watch Shakti - it could be better, but it is definitely essential.
