Bollywood drama different Karisma Kapoor is a superb friend (Sanjay Kapoor), a woman who is married to Canada, has a child, and then visits an Indian family only to be an Indian war terrorist sign. They continue to play drama and tragedy, and the film DOES NOT HAVE MY BABY, thriller style. The movie is compelling, with no songs or dancing numbers being of little interest, no doubt the Bollywood song and dance capability is out of character in the drama intensity of this film. ?? A number that is causing a stunning Aishwarya Rai camera is provocative, even if it can end up losing it. Likewise, Shahrukh Khan's Bollywood Dean turns into a lucky driftter that helps Captain George's warriors escape to become a stupid fiddler who became a drama. his character ?? and his fantasies that create Rai's own cameo dancing? they are not doing it His comic books dialogue dialog box and his fiery fight scene dramatically reduce the first dramatic feature of the film. Nana Patekar, the CEO and Deepti Naval, whose long-lasting wife, who chooses at last, is one of the best in the opposite of the film. Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solankik are very fond of the Sanjay sisters in India and the eye candy is very pleasing. But Sanjay himself is very tight, especially through evident obvious. The correct style of writer and director Krishna Wamsi is unfortunate, with sharp transitions and sharp cuts, although the camera's movement is good. Music stress is also very effective, an evil mood, which gives a voice to the orchestra on a small set of orchestras (if it's bad enough to be included in the SHAKTI soundtrack album, but it's still not a part of Bollywood's scores and songs, including soundtracks in most cases ). However, SHAKTI is the Karisma Kapoor's films, however, and, after changing the intensity of its performance to India, contrasts with Sanjay's love of the first Canadian scenes. Although it is a large part of the image, Karisma's performance sells the film completely and otherwise it is not consistent to consolidate the measure. In a strange way, it seemed to me that the story was something of a different nature, I noticed the GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE HAND, but I saw both of them previously, SHAKTI, of course, completely different films; But the vision of a royal dysfunctional family? We live here in the simplicity of controlled poverty of Indian terror, rather than the elegance of Versailles, or the massive megalomania of feudal Chinese Tang dynasty? The power of self-determination power brings about the destruction of many others and imposes a different kind of strain on the film under a substantial text.
