On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was given to Showtime. The continuation of the 1994 "Stargate" film and the film that follows Kurt Russell and James Spader, begins a series of approximately one year after a series of events. In ten seasons he chronicles the adventures and disagreements of a brave explorer named SG-1. Originally, the series featured Richard Dean Anderson, Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l"!), Michael Shanks, Doctor Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping, Captain Samantha Carter, General Christopher Teal'c, and Don S. Davis General George S. Hammond. For ten years we saw Goa'uld, Replica, Ori and many other anti-war fighters. At the same time, Asgard, Tok'ra, Jaffa rebels, Nox and Tollan alliances were created. Less than eight times a year they save the world and never give up, until death is claimed. Sometimes, even then. <br /> <br /> As with all the long-running series, there were several changes. Michael Shanks left in January 2002 to expand as his actor at the end of the fifth season. Daniel Jackson's archaeologist / geek was a resident of Jonas Quinn, a foreigner from a country called Kelowna, from the Langna planet Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned to the seventh season of June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made the appearance of another guest and rarely mentioned his character. Don S. Davis left the series in the seventh season in March 2004. The show's original star and, undoubtedly, its most popular actress, Richard Dean Anderson, has been the star of its first eight seasons. The participation in the seventh and eighth periods was significantly lower than in previous seasons. "SG-1" finally left in March 2005, when he spent more of his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill has been the favorite character in the series, and I have never enjoyed the first episodes of the last two seasons. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represented a new era for the program. With the departure of his main actor and the triumph of the Goa'uld and Replicadores victory in eight years, many fans thought that the series should rise. In any case, the series continued for another two years, replacing Goa'uld with Ori as the main rival in the series. They brought three new characters to fill gaps and re-invent. Ben Browder joined Colonel Cameron Mitchell as the great colonel of the South Colonel, SG-1 leader. "Farscape" Claudia Black's main protagonist, the Vala Mal Doran series, was vivid, sexy, fun and, in any case, extraordinary, it was a famous and extraordinary host of another planet on Goa'uld. In the eighth and ninth seasons he was a repeat guest star. He spent a whole lot of time at the beginning of the tenth and last season. The mythical Beau Bridges was the general General Hank Landry, the new SGC commander, and Jack O'Neill's old friend and Hammond general. In the last two years, along with the loyal "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) they starred in valuable contributions from the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Alas, all good things must be over. During the first broadcast of the first ten sessions of the season, the grades dropped sharply, abolished in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream ended. On March 13, 2007, the "Children of the Gods" began with "Not finished". The final series made a world premiere at Sky One in Britain and Ireland. On June 22, 2007, before showing on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States, <br /> <br /> In the ten years of this series, he unites air, legions of fans, and also squeezes the "Star Trek" science fiction series in some countries . It was the second-largest science-fiction series in the world, the only "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the longest science fiction American science ever after "The X-Files". just a few months before the end. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" is the basis of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, a spin-off series called "Stargate Atlantis" was created, which resulted in success and popularity, which was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. -DVD films, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", were released in 2008 and are no longer for a distant future. A third series of Directors, "Stargate Universe", will be released next year. (Unfortunately, "Stargate Infinity" was a series of animated films from 2002 to 2003, but that's why it was less likely to say better). Despite the "SG-1" and "Atlantis" series, the future of "Stargate" is very bright. <br /> <br /> Finally, while "Stargate" still needs to get the same level. The popular recognition of other major science-fiction TV series, "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", is still quite new to both these science-fiction giants and I think it will continue for many years now. to come
