When her grandfather Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy) died of a grand tycoon in a plane accident, her sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), did not believe she was captured by suicide bombings (although she was self-smoking in the family), but her beautiful three daughters no matter what. The rider Jim Norton (John Bromfield) works closely with Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), helping his lover sister Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer (Jess Barker) to take over her property. . Valerie Norton will seduce Lorna when Vicki (another Marko English) does not remove the progress of another sister, but Norton spills his plans when Norton falls into his prey. All bets are like fateful worlds: corporal twists, seductions, suicides, blackmail, murder plots, Mann Act, double crosses, disfigurement and poetic justice, "Craig Manor", a huge bluff estate. looking at the sea ... <br /> <br /> This innocent puzzle would be a perfect second film on WRITTEN ON THE WIND, since 1956. A saga of a powerful oil dysfunction (and dysfunctional) of Douglas Sirk was also said. In the 1980s, night-time TV shows have been inspired by DALLAS, but Craig's brow is completely right for her sister's soap, DYNASTY. The three siblings (one of them is nothing short of bad) is a great beauty, but Kathleen Hughes's cartoons are remarkable. Valerie is constantly striving to inherit the wealth of family, and the shame of ill-doing is a lot of pleasure for the film. Vicki's younger sister also works, reminds Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they first encounter, he is seated in the lap of Norton, after standing still, he approached Embrace-able U. from the "summa cum laude graduated" line. Whew! <br /> <br /> Three weak sisters created by Howard W. Koch Schlockmeister, a huge bins of exploitation is wonderful and cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50s John, "Creativity Revenge" by Bromfield (once married to Corinne Calvet French sexwter), Sara Shane starlet universal (found by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "It Space From" Kathleen Hughes and the silent old Madge Kennedy's star screen It is, however, much smaller. The Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE APOCALYPSE) is briefly seen by one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her English language) made wonderful movies! THREE BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen at the Palm Springs Film Noir festival, but the jury is eliminated by soap sugar ... aw hell, noir (5/10 boycotter).
