There are many reviews of Wow, Devils Experiment here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I direct Unearthed Films. We started to publish Guinea Pig on the DVD in North America. Before I ask you, why am I writing a review? Instead, ask why some people bash it. I write this review I love Guinea Pig movies. Why do I love my wife, they hurt and do not let them. I've seen all. Argento, Fulci, Bava, almost all the horror films known as Buttgereit. underground worship from all sensations to all Hollywood blockbusters. I have seen all and, over the years, the films included in the headline were definitely Guinea Pig. Why does not horror movies hide the cause we see in the first place. This review is by Devils Experiment. In my opinion, it's a story. Why do I see horror films? So I see blood and gore and the torture of people. Devils Experiment does not only provide, but that's all. Violent disturbed violence. Yes, I like a story, but sometimes I want to gore it and Devils Experiment multiplies it ten times. Why do bash people do it? Because they like a story, a person's torture and death can be hidden behind a story. He feels better for himself. We all want blood and gore. It is very difficult to justify it if it does not fit around a story. Guinea Pig films have a historical meaning and have been released once they have been released. <br /> <br /> I have released one of the most famous horror series ever. . I may not have written this review, but maybe I should again. My focus was on the front, but it's not back. Before they started Unearthed Films, they told me to find people and see them by the way. You are sure to be the top and bottom of the search engine, but this is not why we see the horror movies in position # 1. Devils Experiment is NOT for everyone. It's gore-looking and thrill-seekers. If you think Jason movies and Freddy Krueger are awesome, follow them. But in the next level and if you've seen it, Devils Experiment is for you. The dismissal of more than 17 years is not a reason. They are wrong, they are disgusting and correct and you do not see something with your mother, unless they are completely sweet. Good luck, enjoy yourself and never let your life live.
