Writing debut with David Mamet's screenplay and "House of Games", a character's research, is part of the dark world of psycho-trusted gambling. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) is successfully practicing and has written a novelist "Driven". However, he is enthusiastic about his personal life; A gap can not be defined and resolved, and its weakness arises. Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein) decides to intervene in his name in a trusted money session for fans of some gamblers, and if he does not pay him, he does not pay. This leads him to his "Games of House," who knows Mike (Joe Mantegna) who is immersed in a charismatic time that does not get bored in his world. Billy's replacement of "twenty-five big" claims instead of his book, which has reached eight hundred dollars. Mike agrees to clear the clean boards, if he accepts only one side that decides to make a card game with one side. In the middle of a large hand, Mike leaves the room; In the meantime, his work is to "account" of one of the other players. At this time, not only Margaret, but the viewer, as well, is a hobby. The interview, and Mamet's unique style and its actress delivered her line to a precise, mesmerizing cadence. While Mike Margaret carries it through a compelling and surrealistic framework of its existence, while playing the game's complications, it forces us together. From this first point of view, he shows how "telling" and how it works, "short-story" lessons, according to the unforgettable excitement of this film, Mamet maintains an immediate emergency prescription. And it does not seem like that. In the end, Margaret teaches about life and human nature and herself very much learned. It changes; and better speculation if it is free. This film Mantegna is completely curious; it gives all the nuances possible to a complex character, capable of being mistaken, and doing what it does. Crouse also makes it a great performance here; You feel a tough and tight vibration underneath that quiet and safe side, and when you experience changes with Mike, you feel how deep it is. He who believes in doing what he does, and who understands it. Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moranj). "Games of House" Mamet; He has written and directed more and more high-quality plays and films since then and will be worshiped in the future. But it will be what the movie defines; and you can go and look at the dictionary. You will find under "Perfection". This is a great movie that you do not want to miss. I value this 10/10.
