This is a good episode of New Twilight Zone, which really brings together interesting ideas and clear stories (both are based on stories). The "Study Day" is set for the future, it's an unknown year, but the candles in the street are awesome, seemingly "television" televisions and other amusing machines. . and the day of examinations, because the 12-year-old youth must take the necessary IQ test of the government. This story is a baby, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just makes her 12th birthday and she's a smart guy, so she's quiet, even though she's eagerly seen by her friend, she's going to be easily based on the test. grades of his school. On the other hand, his parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment) say they would not want a birthday to get a good score, and their reason is that he thinks it's okay and he should not worry. He is clearly worried. I will not give anything at the end, but I will say this: the point where we can see what kind of topic is so heavy: what in the afternoon (or another?) His parents asked Dicki whether he wanted to watch TV on the night. According to the current standards, we would say that it would be happy to read it, and not just something worthy of watching ... but why does this family demand this? The flavor of what is encouraged and encouraged in the future, reminded me of Harrison Bergenon (which I hear, it does not have much adaptation on the screen). It could open and close a narration, as it was a man who was so powerful. I found that it was better than a short story based on it. I have not read about a "charity message", but since it's been interesting, a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill), has a kitchen with clean water, it has always been common in his hometown of Massachusetts ... but he is able to see In the eyes of a young purple woman, fever has the same kind of suffering, Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann) finds herself what happens. him Both are recovered, especially in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is a curious reflection and sound on 1985, and everybody enjoys his company, especially Peter, who has been pushing grades in schools for not only being isolated from other students, but also at a university venue. . But things happen an unexpected turn, when Charity reveals some of the experiences that a friend who claims his claim to have 13 colonies from England to deceive him as a deceit, he will add a saving to his death in his brain. so common in 1700). Both are trying to learn a way to save them. The endless one is sad, but the last moment touches what's interesting. The two segments of this section have a great deal of grief, but two times, by a warning that Rod Sterling will learn to entertain as something like this, they are reminiscent of their joyful friendship, love, and wisdom. Probably, these quarterly issues do not matter, but I think somehow that Sterling's crew would accept it.
