Taking the title into account, the first tracking of QUARTET (1948) has dramatically reduced the stories of W. Somerset Maugham. The author still presents his passages, but this time he is not in the epilogue; by the way, the original scripts for the compendium only gave credit to R.C. Sheriff, here has also handed Maugham a hand, as well as Noel Langley (although it has not helped to light a segment or both worked together). As expected, the biggest part of the QUARTET crew was kept in the second half - although at least three cast members such as Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two unusual pieces have been called the "Colonel's Lady" by QUARTET). In the end, although TRIO seems to make a lesser achievement than the previous ones (a slight imbalance in the third story that takes more than half the race time), it is still very carefully done by a stellar and it is very nice to get into the vault. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> "Verger" tells the church sacrament (James Hayter), the title of the story is another word, it sends a new parish (Michael Hordern), who is 17 years old, because it is illiterate. Instead of being crucified, he is not only his wife, but his wife, who plays Kathleen Harrison, but opens a store in a long road that offers this service. Bloom, this has become a whole chain. The last scene is then promoted to the director of the bank, Felix Aylmer, who is studying Hayter's lack of education, but is invited to ask about other interests (rich and respected). Tobacco shops, with a bit of irony, said he was calling for an answer! <br /> <br /> The second section, "Mr. Knowledge", is the shortest, but perhaps the most fervent: the journey in the sea is totally disturbed by the overwhelming presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), whose origins are foreign to Britain In spite of being named Kelada, almost everywhere under the sun, Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two travelers who want to approach him, sharing a cabin with the man and the first in the care given by his wife Patrick (Anne Crawford) In a beautiful outfit, travelers decide to call the "revenge" of Kelada, one of which is by his representative (he certainly does not like the costume), but here is what he intends to show his dignified character - Crawford has told The dressed necklace is imitated, Wayne challenges Patrick to name his price ... but the latter immediately realizes that it is a real article That's why he would have to tell Crawford's attitude to be compromised, so that Kelada is publicly embarrassed, instead of condemning herself, that women have a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can be deduced from the title, "Sanatorio" is related to many patients in that place - directed by Andre 'Morell; Roland Culver is a newly-sponsored protagonist, who looks at it in many ways. The narratives emphasize in particular three different plots: humorous (among those living in the sanatorium of two long-term Scotsman Finlay Currie and John Laurie), melodramatic (an incorrect relationship between ill-humored). Raymond Huntley and Betty Ann Davies, a good wife and a sweet savor (a naïve but charming Jean Simmons, and Michael Rennie's confusion), although Morelle includes everything that Simmons has diagnosed. Rennie only left one "birthday" while bringing the couple to the altar.
