-Film tells the story of a prince with a marvelous life, but a wicked wizard goes to the village after the appearance of a beggar, the wizard blocks the prince and soon becomes the shadow of Baghdad. The imprisoned prince encounters a robber named Abu, who escapes from prison and goes to a village called Basra. She meets the princess whom she loves, but she is in love with Princess Jafa. his father wants to convince his wife. She recognizes soon that the prince is trying to win the heart of the girl, turns it into a blind man and turns Abu into a dog. This man sets out princes and Abu to find a way to defeat Jafa to restore peace and marry the princess. Throughout the journey, they will find all the sarcastic Genie that travels in the cloud, a giant spider who is really hungry, and surely have created a winged horse that has seen one of the most beautiful sequences of my old eyes. <br /> <br /> -It's a fantastic fantasy movie from the beginning to the end, with wing horses, copper, flying rugs and magic wizards with just enough people to work with people. It's not creepy, and the love story is not a waste of time. The production designs are amazing in this film. Among the palaces among dangerous heroes that are found amongst the heroes. Although this film has been for over 40 years, production design is much better than dive into today's cinema. Music and songs are well done. Anyone who watches, definitely, "I want to sail on the seafaring seas" means that it is one of the great moments of music. I usually do not make a singer in the movies as pleasurable as making my taxes, but I'll be happy to make an exception for this film. <br /> <br /> -What does the movie sell for me? You can see things you do not see in everyday life, as they see the same reason that I love things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill". Modern modern fantasy movies come before a realistic CGI to emulate our minds, without thinking about it without scattering the same screen. One of my favorite Trolle's "Two Towers" is that when we open Trolle's Black Gates, the main appeal filmed for me is to see fantastic fantasy creatures, basically those who work for crafts, and that's why I love it. movie Genie and other creatures. They still feel like those who live there, though they are all just fantasy creatures, they are trying to make life feel. <br /> <br /> -Literally it is impossible to see the movie and where you will find out where the "Aladdin" makers got inspired. The characters in this movie are the same characters in this movie, Genie debates, until the carpet is on the side. Not my eyes is a very bad thing, it's nice, I do not know that I'm not the only planet with a passionate love in the world. For the first time I saw the baby in my mother's country and I think that the best thing in the world and I can see it again is the amazing week of last week. This is a true testament to a great movie to withstand the test of time. Surely, the effects are long-lasting and cursive, but they turned back in the fifties, so give a break. It seems that everything is not obsolete, since most people still know about current standards. <br /> <br /> -If you want to see a live action version of "Aladdin", you should get it with that, but an absent-minded team is doing well, because this is not a tea cup.
