The story of Baghdad's robbery is complicated by counting flashbacks and separating and equally important three sides. The storyline of Lajo Vera and the story of Miles Malleson's story is skillfully maintained. The young king Ahmad of Baghdad is angry at making Jaffar a man who has different ideas for his youth. He finds outfits, people blame him for the acts of Jaffar and hate him. Jaffar has been imprisoned, where Abu will meet a young thief. They both flee and take a boat to the city of Basra. In it, friends spy on the way to make the man clear, because nobody will see the princess of the city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her garden. He has come from the same time and he has won a kiss. Then he caught him. When Jaffarre wins the Princesse de Basra for the same, Ahmad attacks the wicked vicious and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar demanded the hand of the prince, and gives him a gift of a mechanical horse from the South to the Sultan of Basra. Ahmad blind tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu his dog. The prince has slept and nothing wakes up. So Jaffar sent his servant Halima to Ahmad and a dog, the prince may raise hope. He wakes up He finds himself in a ship to find a doctor for Ahmad healing, but Jaffarre has caught him and then throws his dog on board. Then Jaffar allows him to take him in arms, giving Ahmad a vision to recover and return Abu to a robber. The Princess sees Ahmad's vision; aboard; Jaffar sends a storm to surround him and Abu is sinking a ship. He wants to find a Abu Genie or a Djinn, who wants to release him after being imprisoned for a long time after his death. Abu tries to prove that Abu was trying to come from a small ship, and it is raining again. To free him, he achieves three wishes. The first one is in the case of sausages. In the meantime, Princess, father, tells Jaffa to refuse to give up; But Jaffar shows a new mechanical toy in the Sultanate, of which six deaths are killed. Abu makes a second wish, finding Ahmad. He is led by a goddess who looks at the malicious genius. He must go up to Abu website to reach the treasure that eye has. He struggles with a giant spider and then escalates the statue of the goddess. Abu looks at the eye and sees Ahmad in a canyon. Genie will take Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. It smells of a flower and it forgets everything. He wants to be in Abu Bagdad, but the twins laugh and leave; Jaffar says the princess is in love with her, without mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad Princess tries to fight on the road, but Jaffa breaks his 'eye'. Abu finds himself in "Land Legend", where old men who promise to become their king. He steals the magic carpet and carpet and escapes to save Ahmad and princess. Then the thief came to save the young man to save the executioner, carrying his bow on his carpet, the wonder of the crowd coming to see the execution. Jaffar tries to flee in the mechanical flight of flight, but ends with another shot of the arch. Ahmad governs again and wants to marry his princess; But when Abu tries to make his life, the young robber refuses, because he wants his adventures and says that it is not hard work and the confinement in a mansion may be great. Alexander Korda was a great story about the production of the producer. The product was designed by Vincent Korda and was an art director, while Georges Perinal made a colorful cinematography. The directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, along with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. Works by John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes were a great and varied design of costumes. Production, with its beautiful and expensive visual splendor, I say that I have two other elements, the coral music by Miklos Rozsa and Conrad Veidt has been interpreted by the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays with a curious atmosphere, as well as the usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is a beautiful and effective princess Mary Morris, Halima is dull and beautiful, and Miles Malleson, a pretty sultan, and so on. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to do what one can do in the part of love of a young prince and then some; It's a good idea to win it. He has a great deal about that movie, I've found it in other songs. Its imaginary content is very realistic models, clothing and set design elements is very hard. It is one of the most memorable moments of ideas of all time, so you can enjoy it again and again.
