An absolutely beautiful movie, which I saw a handful, then, and after that, and when I still do it, in the case of Thief, it seems that the impression is improving over time. In the 90s, my daughter and I had seen it on TV a number of times, but did we still go to photography when we came to local cinema of art? When we had finished, we stared into the stars with poetry, and Miklos Roz's passionate music could take a couple of hours, and suddenly he thought of a beautiful world again. <br /> <br /> The idealist Prince Ahmad wants to go for his country for some time looking for things, but Jaffar's evil bisex will allow him to be jailed and taken to the throne. After escaping with a small thief who has played Sabu, Ahmad sees the princess and falls in love? On the way a lot of adventures (although it does not seem to be enough Sabu!) And not only conquers love, but it destroys everything. The special effects had to be overwhelming in 1940, but Time has taken its turnover and, in general, the digital cartoon has taken on direct action? but they are still well-kept with films like Superman 40 years later. However, I would ask that I do not believe that great geniuses, winged horses and carpets interrupt credibility in the perfect effects! Favorite Bits: When the dream scene in the sun is revealed by Ahmad when he reveals himself in Adelaide Hall's romantic song; Land Of Legend's stunning colors in the tent ?? In fact, all the amazing colors; Sabu and Rozsa's victory but still hard. Conrad Veidt made an evil one in two of the most fascinating cases ever, this and Casablanca, and then he died. John Justin and June Duprez had a great deal of lovers' roles, both of them a bit refreshing, but the fragments did not require a lot of emotions: pure love was only important. <br /> <br /> There is no mild and violent picture in a couple, but be sure that it is a glorious experience with a 100% positive message, it's just a pity that little kids today do not prefer to see. One of my favorite Top 10 movies, can not I recommend this too? It can be displayed until the end of time.
