I bought the DVD before Sunset and I saw it the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I was not able to miss anything before Sunrise, because the secrets were too great, but I did fill these two films one after another, just as I did when I finished watching one of them. I feel the need and desire to see the other. So they watched me repeatedly over the years, and I'm pretty embarrassed to say exactly how many times. Prior to Sunrise, the most important thing is to feel the feeling of their characters' feelings in each other. It's so easy, the increase in chemistry, I believe that other romantic films may think they can keep track of development, but for me - Nora Ephronon does not believe - Sunrise is the first movie that really gives viewers. feel the chance When I first saw it eight years ago, when I was 20 years old, I liked it. But I did not name a "great movie", a good movie that I felt like other thinkers, was a smart Linklater to become realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, and the characters too. Well done, I thought I liked it like it was like a dream and I liked it in their conversations, and so on. But now, before Sunset, I feel before Sunrise than before. I have clearly seen the elements: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their interviews, everything. Each one of them separates each element and mix, the story is just a frame of time, I'm no longer manipulated. And when I deny the freedom of each scene, and I do not deny that it is effective, how crazy I was, these qualities did not make me sensational when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, I have watched more films and, as a result, I realize that a large number of films are paying for the collection of orders, such as Pulp Fiction or Linklaters' Slackers. Jesse and Celine are avoiding stories, maybe Sunset is a better example in this case, but Sunrise is just a matter of ending its end and not just a short film, each scene is its life. I do not know whether Linklater or anyone else made a sequel or not before Sunrise was done, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these followers is how these two films can be contrasted by each other. Before sunrise, which uses static angel and brighter color designs, it seems that trying to capture the smallest atoms of life around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope if the characters feel it. Meanwhile, while I'm talking about Jesse Jupiter's journalists, I get into the view of the boredom, and the first smile behind Celin's is the first and most amazing smile I've ever seen at the beginning of a movie. I do not know if I'm taken to a sad place with me, it's as beautiful as Paris and I'm glad I meet each other again. I'm sorry for a long time I'm still limited to my English, before Sunrise has a separate movie without scattering my thoughts, and it's even better with the same sequel.
