After a successful encounters on the train, a young couple spend a single night traveling through the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Sunrise before" is to deliver a young Julie Delpy. As a "Celine", blonde, this sexy and sensual black eye is a cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell, thirty years old. Regardless, Celine is a woman almost ideal, unbelievably beautiful and very feminine, natural, which is understandable, introspective and kind. We can easily forgive that it is a bit eccentric, and it speaks of a blue line, which is occasionally due to its honest remarks, sometimes included. Moreover, his multiple manifestations are fascinating and emphasizes in English in French, very enchanting. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the form of a good movie, it should be costly for its discomfort and imbalance. Ethan Hawke's "Jessie" is a fascinating fog, a sort of Maynard G. Krebs in the 90's. As he avoided the appearance of unpleasantness and dissatisfaction, he captured some shots. His pants are poorly fit, his shirt is undone, his dark hair and dark hair (the most attractive feature) needs to be cleansed, and he must show him how to cut his young man's hair properly. However, it implies the representation of a two-week European career without a young man, so that it looks really safe. His cynical warnings and humor seemed to amaze Romantic romantic Celine, although it occasionally affects his own alienation. In the end, he admits that he falls to himself and wants to be close to him because he feels like he is another person with his presence, we know he has arrived somewhere. <br /> <br /> Because its collective funds are immersed in cafes, bars and dirty deviations, they will not be seen as beneficial because they do not see them again. Jesse's red wine removes the authority of a sentimental bottle, so her mistress will be able to fix her in the local park in the middle of the night by lying in the grass, looking at the moon and the stars and seeing the sun coming. up. <br /> <br /> In the romance section, in spite of the enormous fortune, Jessie, especially stupid, is a fool, as a definition of jealousy, stupidly thanks to this wonderful young man. It was planned in the semi-bakery, quickly invented at the train station, when it offered its own goodbye, as it was achieved the same year. When the appointed time comes, a beautiful and unusual girl you know will be involved with another, perhaps married and pregnant. For some reason, it probably does not appear, if Jesse, Target works or (if fortunate) in the local library, he will return to Vienna, watch it again, be disappointed only. /> <br /> Although I think it's a very bad event, the movie "Sunrise Before" is beautiful. I highly recommend either the "Segovia" before the sunset.
