Sunrise makes some remarkable things before, almost all of the abuse goes into a single review of this kind, but it is enough to say that one of the nineties's personalities is not one of the best investigations, perhaps even in contemporary cinema. love, per-say, about so much human connection. How do you love it at first glance? Nobody at least has a deep consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And * * nevertheless, there is a connection that is intense, articulated with young people and ideas, and with a broad zinism, and in some ways tender and truthful. time Linklater here gives us Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy starting the same train in Vienna, where they start talking about things, initially arbitrary and then personal (seeing Jessie death for the first time of her grandfather). Jessie convinced Celine to go with her one night in Vienna until the next day of her plane. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise, Jessie and Celine give her the beautiful Viennese. It is about talking about landscape and premises that are of great importance and, in other words, talking about conversations, to detect what people are going to get people to another person. Here, often, it's about relationships and compromises, Jessie and Celin sometimes tell stories or, apparently, tell stories; It is essential that one of the most important features of the game is told. We listen to the confessions of other love desires, or those who are not really loved, part of a family or an education, we can know whether you love or believe in your life or what you want to believe or what it means. Believe in some religions, or simply have a connection with any faith and soul (I love it a little bit about church kiddies), and sometimes cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be responsible for the final part, but it's amazing about the film that she's never cynical about the cynicism she puts in men and women's concerns. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Meanwhile, it's always good to see these roles in Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy, who are not constantly annoyed in the 90s as Generation-X but are the type of person in the middle of that type of film. That is not a bad thing, if necessary, it might be imagined that you walk around the city streets. Thought is a short encounter with an old romantic image; here only intimacy appears in the main characters in each other, where genuine subjects are really acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret," Jessie says, then she leans on a kiss, ho-ho), or at small moments that appear with others . I loved the scene with the poet, where cinema is a great thing to suddenly find a random bit of a romantic player in the middle of a romantic image, such as beautiful words, or with a palm reader and how Jessie and Celine react. It's like sharing, but they're really watching. All the time, Hawke and Delpy are very interested in their roles. We can see how neurosis is born to their births as they grow up in their adult lives ... because they have a true sense of cinematography and script that means having a natural ear and happiness at the moment, they have their own personality, something more because it can lead Who can say that it is not necessary to add it to a sudden, if it is only less than 24 hours and that it is much more comfortable than getting married? This is Linklater's dissertation, but it's more than that. It's a very cozy film, and I'll call it one and the same again. A scene, especially cheesy and brilliant, when they talk about two phones, can mock their exhibits with each other to their friend. A +
