Many critics of this line seem to have compared this movie with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare films selected, but the similarity of "Storm Mortal" and "Lower Sea" is clearly the problem of refugees threatening the Nazi background. Humphrey Bogart, in 1943, seemed unjustifiable by Motion Picture Arts and Science, as Paul Lukas was chosen as the Oscar for Best Actor. I do not completely worsen it. Lukas had a great career in film (here and in England - "The Lady Vanishes"), and that performance was his best. Two years earlier, Bogart had more performances than Rick Blaine (for example, "The Maltese Falcon" in "Spray Maltese" and Roy Earle's "High Sierra" was ignored. were performances, got an Oscar for his biggest screenings as Fred C. Dobbs's "Sierra Madres Treasure", "In A Lonely Place" as a suspect of writers / murders, and after captain Philip Francis Queeg "The Caine Mutiny" - he got Charley- n "The African Queen", I think that Bogie needed to get Dobbs's role, but that did not happen, but Lukas was fortunate enough to achieve a more accurate performance of his lesser career. This can hardly be said. > <br /> See for "Look at Rhin" for me Hellman's "The Searching Wind" is based on another play / screen, both looking at the insulation spirit of the United States in the 1920s and 1930s. He is currently playing "The Searching Wind". World War II b During the years we are entering, the "Watch on the Rhin" is called. So it is better built as a game and is more significant for impact. <br /> <br /> The film has good screenings, which is directed by Lukas as a fighter or messenger of the Nazi, as his loyal wife Davis (it is reasonable to keep the character of Lukas as the centerpiece of the plays), Ceckouris Teck's selfish, conventional , but at the end it is stupid and effective, Lucille Watson Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald's mother (she is more wise and sad than the wife of Coulouris), and Kurt Katch, who delivers. destructive criticism (as the local Gestapo chief of embassy) about Coulouris and others before the Nazis. It has a bit of conversation. And what he says is true. Poetry also has moments near. The witness at the end, when Coulouris finally left Lukas and Davis, said: "The New World has left the scene in the Old World." Hellman can write very well sometimes. Thanks to the movie's screenplay and performances, this movie would be very good in the second World War.
