Sunrise is a terrifying generation before. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is a dream come true for many people. The film shows all the acknowledgments, but there are no voices with most partners. and, ultimately, the film focuses on two people with closer relationships with perfection, problems with relationships that will come before, time problem. While most relationships go down with time, this is still solid and the only thing that lasts for time. Before sunrise, no doubt, it is not the typical Hollywood sentimental love, that is to say, the opposite of this film in front of the hypocrites. The story follows two people Jesse; America and Celine; A French girl who finds a train in Vienna. They immediately connect and tell a horrible idea of ​​a TV show and almost out of the train, Jesse asks Celine to join the Viennese day. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise, it works for two reasons: a realistic play and a great script that builds characters through their thoughts and feelings, thus enabling us to make ourselves known to real life people. This allows people to be free, and it's easy to believe that these people are real and not just a scriptwriter. This allows us to feel the characters that are, and not just the protagonists. This type of realism is difficult to catch; For in the end, we are aware that the viewers are watching a movie and watching real life; But before Sunrise, it is one of the real exhibits of realism to be seen on the screen. An excellent screenplay can not work on its own, and it needs great actors to do justice, and I'm not Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke. When you watch this movie, you can not do anything but respect. I do not know whether they're playing with the character or not, but when that movie is good; It's almost irrelevant. <br /> <br /> In such a film, the most important is the handwriting, and there are some observations about the life of the script, most of which I can personally associate. This is what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script, because he creates and builds characters, but also reveals something of love, as well as other aspects of life. Not all the anecdotes express themselves in the brightness that they write again. Everyone is different, so some parts of the script appeal to people. It may be some person who hates someone who loves and hates another. And so it happens with the musings of this script. The beauty of the film is Vienna's city. The city is not very important in the film, that is, it is a story that could have happened anywhere, but it makes the beautiful images that match the beauty of the whole film and its lively animated animations. location. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise it is beautiful and fascinating. Richard Linklater has created something strange in the world of cinema. A movie that captures the beauty of life or that it takes too much sense. What is Sunrise before? And what is it, cinema is a splendor?
