In the summer of 1994 I will tell you a story. A friend and I participated in a concert in Canada in a daytime concert in Barrie, who was the best Canadian band of the time. We arrived at 4:00 in the afternoon at 4:00 a.m., and when we opened the doors at 9:00 we were at the first gate. Then we waited and waited for the hot sun, we were slowly undergone, but we did not pay much attention, since the headliners were among our favorites. At some point, in the afternoon, I sat down and slept back to my back. She wore an excitant girl, I was waking up in front of the irritability that Rostostat shirt teases. That's why the dentist has had blood today. There is no sense, no liking, or even his fandom. For me, right? So, the hate of the group has denied me the delight of Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had everything. It's hard to say what has been lost, living in a fantastic house located between the ocean and the mountains (the BC region that filmed the film is wonderful). The dreams of most of us dreams, fantasies and past decay, until the end of a crime against a teenager ... and the worst sound is broken. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema has many problems. In general, lack of money, as well as unwillingness to ask for help (for example, if it were Canadian), the production values ​​will be lower than American or British films, and most people do not want to see anything. That looks or looks like it is not like an American movie. Then, Canadian scriptwriters are often very dangerous when they want to tell you a good story and they say it right. Thirdly, I think that free nudity (often full-frontal) is something artistic. I'm sure I can see enough Canadian films, especially late at night in CBC, because I know what I'm talking about. "Do not do this" a manual is somewhere and Canadian filmmakers have long thrown away. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and early 20s, some films (for example, Bruce McDonald's work and CRAZY exquisite) have broken this pattern and have managed to keep what they have in Canada, while they see the great values ​​of production and stories . Whale Music is a movie on the cover. A deeply moving story of a man who has lost himself through pain and abuse by Canadian emotions, which is why music loves amortization. And that, even more, relieved Rheostatics. :)
