"Emma" is the result of what might have been called "Great Cycle of Jane Great Austen" in the mid-1990s, and recently was shown on British television due to interest in the second Great Journey of Great Great Cycle. He started "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. Currently, we have a biography of "Becoming Jane" Austen in movie theaters and ITV has created the last three TV series based on Austen's novels. Among them, it was "Northanger Abbey", one of the six biggest films of the first six, so it is necessary to complete the cycle. Without a doubt, there will be more in the near future. (Finally, the young "Love and Freindship" has a short novel "Lady Susan", and someone somewhere "The Watsons" and "Sanditon" end up in two parts - the Austen second cycle produced by modern writers ?????) . <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, an aristocratic family from Regency England. (As some reviewers did not believe, Victorian-Austen Queen of England's Queen Victoria died before she was born). Women, economically, are much better than Austen heroes (Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price) and do not need to find a rich husband. Instead, his main concern is looking for husbands for his friends. Robert Harriet, his friend Harriet, underestimated a proposal for marriage to a young peasant Robert Martin, who believes he should be looking at the great elder of Harriet Elton. This management will be wrong, however, because Elton is not interested in Harriet, but he fell in love with Emma. Emma's reluctance to relieve her proposal was so enthusiastic that she was so enthusiastic to match her friend (as a matter of reason) to a marketable partner who was marketable. Being a Jane Austen line, Emma was not committed to the expedition, and she also fell in love with more difficulty. <br /> <br /> Emma will always confirm that she does not marry without love, and when she finds a partner, Mr. Knightley, we will feel that this will be a wedding. However, it does not seem like a great passion (unlike Elizabeth Bennett and Darcy). Knightley, Emma is sixteen years old (she is 21, she is 37 years old), and she is related to marriage, she is more than a lover. Father's image is much more true than his true father, as sinful and selfish as his oldest hypochondria. When Mrs. Emma Bates means that she is brave and boring, Knightley raises her shortcomings. (His name is surely honest to express his character; the gentlemen of the 19th century liked to think of Medieval Knights as their own coded coding codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play very well, but it's not a big screen dream. <br /> <br /> Among other characters, Juliet Stephenson was fond of Elton and Toni Collette's Harriet. I am aware that Harriet was a young teenage boy, here she is like a character in "Muriel's Wedding" in "Collette". A gauche, a bit overweight, about the rare possibilities of finding a man. However, this characterization worked well in the context of the film and I did not hurt Austen's issues. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is the brightest work of Austen, without the darkest gloom. "Mansfield Park" or "Pride and Prejudice," and is reflected on the screen. We see a world full of beauty and grace, elegant homes and exquisite outfits and good customs. Apart from the very gypsy gypsies, the only "poor" ones we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter; and nowadays they live as a strange cottage that hangs over their hands. £ 500,000, we are sure that poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is not your home. This is, of course, not nineteenth. The comprehensive picture of the early life of the century, but nobody ever claimed the equivalent Regency of a real Austen kitchen stove. A sophisticated romantic comedy, along with the vivid eye of human nature, was more on its line. <br /> <br /> I would not call this movie "Sense and sensibility" or the last "Pride" in 1994. and prejudice "- it's a bit creepy in the middle, even though it's a good start and end - but above all, Austen is very friendly. 7/10
