After seeing CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natalia's work. Natale seems to have an inept abilities to take a story, and it's hardly ever to get the whole story that we can pick up like our wet towel. Instead, it allows the story to develop naturally, namely that this cube may be that if you think people try to escape, or in any case, there is a huge expanse where there is ... nothing! I've been linked to ads right away. It was so easy! Pick no one who likes two characters and send anything to the world. Natali does just that, there's nothing logic you forget about a place that does not exist. In reality, no world becomes an inner irony. There is nothing, but also "something". <br /> <br /> A good time can be a good option to emphasize the misleading vehicle. It was wonderful to really understand this film as it was said by a comedy, so that there was another aspect. So, after watching the movie, I laughed occasionally, while someone who deceived the ad was confused. <br /> <br /> I'm going to give you a minute if you want to thank the movie, where the movie is showing a lot. It's a concept. There are two concepts to have a world of uselessness, and there are two characters there, NO TWO two fascinating characters, who will work their philosopher and their surroundings, but the two idiots have no trace of thinking about where they are! Another solid film filmmaker, although it does not seem like that at first! Each wall in the north, the territory, the south, the west, is just a white plane up and down, the depth perception becomes a mistake. It's hard to figure out where Mis-En-Scene is placed when things go. Cinematography is happening at many times, but in most of the cameras two characters or an object and character are placed in the foreground and in the background to make a sense of depth. /> <br /> However, this movie is missing in some areas. The movie is pretty short, but after a while, nothing new is that the novelty of this world becomes quite dull and you want to find a resolution on the plot. At the same time, they say it is once again doubtful. These two characters are sensible, so they are not easy, so we do not feel like that for any of these characters. However, on one side, chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real, but there is not something. <br /> <br /> However, I value it as a very nice movie! Do not let the trailer think about a horror movie that is absurd. It's a lot more than a comedy! It really deserves to be seen, only for the same concept!
