A little bit of a bit, Nothing can be a children's movie. It is a very clear concept, it touches on some interesting metaphysical themes and it is much the opposite of every Hollywood agreement ... what is it all about to contradict literally than anything? Nothing is a story about the two friends who want to go away when they're away from the world. He is not hated and a white space empty. It's hard to focus only two actors on the majority of your movie, especially if you do not cut any out of the plot. The subject is pretty much a matter, but this is the territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen 'Kubo', you'll already know that it's like this type of situation. The "anything" in this movie is seemingly infinite, but Natali, in some way, has a claustrophobic meaning, literally because he is not anywhere else, and where else he will go. They sell the actors, although they can say boys to friends anyway. Cube's two actors here (Worth and Kazan) will return, but they are very different. They change throughout the story, while they are not the strongest actors in the world, at least they are incredible. <br /> <br /> The reason that could be a good thought for the children's movie is. f-bombs and other unnecessary dreams of blood sequence, the extravagant, often stupid feelings of the movie, make it easy for kids to digest. So, writers have decided to add a few languages ​​and small amounts of gore, and I think it's a strange option, especially considering that there are not many. This was just a few things that could easily get a PG rating and they changed a little conversation. It's impossible about this movie, but it's enough for parents to watch their children. This is a shame because I do not accept censorship, but maybe this movie may be the only one that prevents having a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> In any case, this is a sensible, fun movie, even with some dragged scenes. But because of being literally, and with two completely different characters and their total interaction with their interaction, they work surprisingly for an independent film.
