The director of Vincenzo Natali, the flicks of scientific character film, showed his tendency to "Elevated" a short film in 1997. In it, 3 people are trapped in a lifts, while invisible monsters walk through the building. The "Cube" project of its monitoring, which was later released, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 friends and a lifts, instead of a lark, it was a great connection between the Cuban herensies. Two great attempts were to take more steps in the science fiction genre step by denying the desire to show virtually any visual stimulation. Instead, to spend as much time as possible on the human being to understand how the characters will react, how they react and interact. and dangerous conditions. In 2002, after a transverse exploration of "Cypher", Natali returned to his strange character, "Nothing," his latest and very optimistic and comedic "What If If." ? "" <br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are long-lived friends, who are away from each other and no one can miss. Davis has always been a selfish and somewhat slow person, and Andrew lives for rent in his poorly built home, where he often takes advantage of Andrew's neurotop and antisocial care. However, both misfits are happy together, someday deeply in nature with their mistakes, astronomically with bad luck, these earths are quite serious on the ground, some sentence-worthwhile-worthwhile problems. In addition, they know that their home is not considered suitable for living and that it is anticipated to be demolished before the sun, so that everything that is bad for them is a terrible nightmare, because the whole world wants to disappear from the world. <br /> <br /> Continuing with this synopsis, the slow (sometimes too slow) movie would be compromised as Dave and Andrew would explain what happened and how they face the new reality. Natali's study of human behavior according to the hardness (The Birds) is here on the pylons, but the main character is creating strangers rather than friends, leaving him away from the thriller-horror element of that premise. more comfortable and optimistic It's similar to the aphorism that is the opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes laughter and sun. In accordance with the basic realism, our two anti-dynamic heroes are often antagonists, sometimes they are bad results. As in "Desert Island", the film looks at how fellows leave friends, only when they are left together, but at the same time friends are essential in the quality of existence. In a very crunchy science-fiction mode, this is the most responsive, with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are concerns about "Nothing". While the three makers, Hewlett and Miller, work well, their characters are not as interesting as they should be, it's very hard to entertain with us. There are some developments on the relationship and development of Dave and Andrew, some backgrounds are provided, but ultimately not enough. The generous spectator will be sitting at the end of the smallest part of the movie, but cynics will come up pretty quickly. <br /> <br /> Indicate, as it is said, appropriate, and taking into account the amount of work "green screen" is quite reasonable. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller wrote scripts that had been written together by former friends: everybody's films, made by Hewlett. Perhaps this film was directed by a more positive director of their creative input. However, the story could be much more. The reason given is quite entertaining (it's not senseless), something that is not really happening, but you think it would be a lot more like that with more hands-on experience. <br /> <br /> Here is a great way to work with all honesty, "Nothing". The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works at a human level and, above all, shows in progressing Natali's mental creativity. For his work lovers, this will be nice and will be a pleasant way to overcome a bit of unwanted time for others. It's just a shame that it could be a fun movie that could prevent the director's human dramas.
