Nothing wonderful! Just as simple as that! It's a movie that does not work, but it still does. Natali is still in the Sci-Fi, but this movie is a comedy. Cypher looks like Natali ($ 7.5 million budget) Woo-hoo Pa! It was so nothing scaled back. It's a small budget and the best independent film. Simple storytelling and good stories storytelling and an essay to make an artistic merit, most of Hollywood for ordinary monetary reasons for Hollywood's usual reasons. Nothing at all about a movie and ask before, nothing like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange house that lives under two highways. Andrew TV is a travel agent, agoraphobic, while Davek Andrews is the best friend, while his free rental is free. Davis, however, is tired and has a pretty girl. However, Dave says his girlfriend warns Dave about a large amount of work that Dave is working on, and Andrew's wrong sex (Canadian humor!) Has been accused of sexual assault. In the same way, Andrew's house must be demolished and it can not stop, because the house was built on the ground, because it did not need construction. Both Andrew and Dave are home to police and demolition teams. They are desperate and can not escape, and the panic and horror that the police explode makes everything fall off. What happened Dave and Andrew have died? They wake up while they are at home, they are only resting. There is no policeman, not a murderer, there is no angry mother. Davis and Andy's ability to "desire or hate away" occur. As it turns out, it hates the whole outside world. They are left alone. The house is not surrounded by anything, which is depicted as empty. So what does it mean that the scenes of the movies are a set of domestic and then white. The film is an interesting insight into human isolation and psyche and, of course, they spend more time alone without food and without water, they start joining together. They know they can hate appetite, which is useful, but, of course, we say things are coming out of their hands. I can not see much, but I must say that bouncing heads are quite spectacular. <br /> <br /> This film is curious, funny and interesting. The effects are simple, but they are effective, and Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar bring together two people who direct the movie. They have chemistry and they work well. They must have 90% of the film on their own and most on the white background, but it works. Certainly, I hope this has been achieved by the same diabolic treatment as Cypher has done, and should be featured in the national DVD for one year or two. Nothing is a unique high-quality movie and Cube or Cypher is as good as it is, Natali again proves that it's one of the best. <br /> <br /> Natali is really interested in someone who really interests me. The features that can be done so far and I can not wait for the next function. The Goddess does not make the proposal of a nikropolis, written and directed by ADD Anderson, always by Paul Anderson. Vincenzo friend old Paul comes up with your pad, RUN !!! GET A WINDOW! I hope that this is not coming to Hollywood like Alex Proyas (however, with sugar, light helium: I Robot!). Keep your eyes peeled. ****
