A lively young producer of theater plays (theatrical performances, often theatrical performances that are often the most watched in films), cunning contests, fraudulent partners, loyal lovers and talented amateurs to dream their brand. FOOTLIGHT PARADE. <br /> <br /> <br /> Similar to other spectacular Warner music, especially GOLDDIGGER, this film had a unique appeal: Jimmy Cagney. It is a miracle, a close and lightweight connection, as fast as any tomato, a creator that imitates in the film. Cagney takes the attention of the viewer and never leaves it, a quick fire conversation and rugged plot set his charisma and strong charm into force. Joan Blondell's perfect blond mouth with a secretary secretary, who is in love with Cagney (big rumors: why did not he give a musical number?). Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler were in love again for lovers & off; Their ability to sing and play a little lean, compensated for their dance; Powell still excites the young man as his leading position as the second male leader. Guy Kibbee and Hugh Herbert have a lot of fun with their cousins, in order to deceive Cagney in different ways. Ruth Donnellyk is a wealthy Kibbee wife, a woman dedicated to her beautiful sponsors. Frank McHugh's great choreographer is the role of Cagney's spirit. Herman Bing is the most horny scene in the music scene. Mavens will see Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin and maybe John Garfield on music numbers. <br /> <br /> Finally, Busby Berkeley is an unknown choreographer. His terpsichord baking, sprinkled over the 1930s, was the supreme example of a film that depression was to be enjoyed by viewers. It was a great joke about Berkeley's creation, of course, as a plot of land as a stage production. But there is no theater ever to have these master's imagination products. They are a perfect illustration of the entertainment through film cameras. <br /> <br /> Berkeley's musical offer, in general, took on two different approaches: the story (often very curious) of songs and dancing. or, similarly, geometrically designed numbers, eye candy, numerous choirs, camera cameras and romantic melody. In the midst of suffering a bit of curiosity, FOOTLIGHT PARADE has three masterminds in Berkeley: "Honeymoon Hotel" and his pre-production code telling a couple's wedding tonight; "Waterfalls" - Dozens of models, drawings, diving, and patterns and perfect designs that have been disconnected among females (you will look closely and see how synchronized effects are achieved); and, finally, "Shanghai Lil", a tribute to Cagney and Berkeley's talents.
