When it came out, there was much more entertainment for stage arts. Nowadays, it is most fun, largely because James Cagney is a producer of a prologue, due to white weather and sponsored by "Blonde Girl Friday", sponsored by Blondell. Similarly, Busby Berkeley's final musical numbers were together, it's quite fun in this type of thing. <br /> <br /> But this is a strange movie. I mean in one of these numbers, Billy Barty has managed to get around a lovely little fairy who plays strange things. Ruby Keeler thinks she's always confused on her face, but at least in her latest unhappy movies it's not necessary. You should never think that Dick Powell from seeing this movie was rude; Apparently, all the absurd energy given to the Cagney star was assigned to him. As for Cagney, high speeds of music shows are both boring and annoying at the same time. Soon afterwards, he gets too much. She says she will go outside, "Hey! You have an excellent idea to make a prologue! Women are cigarettes and they go out with smoke! Oh, we did it last month!" It's fun, but it's a bit repetitive. When it's time for a tough girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of Cagney's gangster characters, come up. Actually, the gangster director of William Keighley often has a conversation coach, and sometimes Cagney and Blondell are calling "street" something, even though the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> Music numbers ... what can you say? They are only as entertainment, Berkeley's way of using human body and geometry is very surprising. But nobody wants to say anything. It means "Honeymoon Hotel, nothing more or less." The entire invention of integration is immediately destroyed, since the characters of the show are doing things that I can not imagine by theater players, just like the movies. For example, at some point they show fine print on a newspaper, such things. The whole thing can be filmed, so the ridiculous prologue can be said to be live shows. I can think that the viewers of the time were not a bit less critical about things like ten years later, because this is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It is very good to see Cagney himself. Except for excellent dance skills, you can really share it with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are very good. The music that I would say is nothing more than a cigar, but it's especially nice if it's repetitive. Bacon's management is generally very appropriate, but it is never interesting. The value of the movie entertainment is uncertain and it has also earned a nostalgia value. In the 1930s, "let's stop" is a cut above the majority of movies.
