Oliver Stone (associate) created a very first film, and one of the first great movies of Lloyd Kaufman (Troma, a true independent film studio and founder of President Toxic Avenger and the famous Amsterdam Film Fantastic for over 30 years For the rest of his life, after earning money for this film, Lloyd wrote this script with Theodore Gershuni in 1970, and, on the back, he heard advice from Gershuni's other film itself, but then he was inexperienced at the business and surely like that. No one makes any nonsense about the decisions, because it would be very interesting to see Lloyd's script version, which would be one of the world's most original, bold, experimental and non-dangerous directors, which would be even richer than ever, but Gershuni's direct film. And the weather as a result of the strong script, or even himself direct SUGAR COOKIES is very intelligent, very suspensible and well-crafted, and much better than that. A small studio (almost 30 years ago, Kaufman and his friends and colleagues, Michael Herz, Troma) had to work beforehand that the small budget was so much in charge of the film that it was more expensive to handle, which does not look like a "small budget" one. The story is about Camilla Stone lesbian (Mary Woronow enigmatic) and her lover dies through circumstances. I will not show that there is no need to ruin the beautiful story. As a result, the hitchcock's vertigo is inspired and at least an inventor is the plot, the intelligence and the identity reforms. The atmosphere is much more painful, with some comparisons with Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell's PERFORMANCE. This mix is ​​a thriller, an original and imaginative erotic thriller, knowing how to end up fully clearing, that is, with a sub-plot that has previously been linked to Kaufman and unfortunately not available BIG GUSS WHAT IS FUSS, very exciting It's an hour and a half. Without a doubt, it is one of the best films in the Troma library, and once again one of these fantastic curiosities, its catalog is a mistaken taste. The DVD has the latest interviews. Kaufman directs Woronov and Lynn Lowry (later seen by George Romero in THE CRAZIES). That's why it gives an interesting insight into what's happening to your favorite worship and what's happening. It would be different when Lloyd directed it. Highly recommended
