Initially, the following is a synopsis: Porno Porno Queen (Lynn Lowry) has been killed by Max (George Shannon), his original pornographer, in a Russian sex roulette game. Alta's lover, Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), an amateur casting agency, offers co-branding with Max. But Camila has her own agenda, and Julie (Lynn again) acts innocent seduction plan on a sexual account games website. When the identity of the expectations are quite blurred, the scene will be the strongest revenge as the hottest encounter. <br /> <br /> Even though this movie is quite dark, and never found much attention, I think it's a sexy and suspicious jewelry. Goddess worshiped Woronov is one of her best roles, and Lowry is sexy and innocent playing next to each other. Worried music by Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say Never Let Me Down Me") and Jaynetts's "Sally, Go" Round the Roses ", a memorable soundtrack . Theodore Gershuny's stunning direction is that he photographs the lands hidden in all shades, suggesting that the bad business under the top of the society be dissolved. With a superb atmosphere in New York, Ondin (Waronov's friend and Warholite) has played a great role in the role of Monique Van Voor's exotic Max's wife's comic sub-plot. Although this subprogram is fun, it seems to be part of another movie. However, I am not complaining, because the movie is smooth, as the gear is changing, and it is much more interesting that the junk of the erotic junk thriller is coming out today. <br /> <br /> Curiosities: Sugar Cookies originally originated from X (soft-core) and published by General Film Corporation in 1973. I'm proud of the owner of a single page page. Lucky! In 1977, the movie was cut by R and Troma Team was re-released and is not on the video tapes. Mary Woronov was at the time of Theodore Gershuny's wife, and was allegedly uncomfortable looking at the camera behind the scenes of graphic lesbian graphics. Also in his first productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
