Former Cambridge ex-Simon Heffer, now a writer and journalist, has given the theory that, as British critics criticized in the 1980s, "Thatcher's Britain," Ealing wrote comedy satiries. "Attlee's Britain", Britain's Great Britain victory over the 1945 General Election. This theory is supposed to not be applied to the "Hearts and Coronets Types" (ie Edwardian top class satire) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob". They may have satire but they are not political. However, it can also be applied to most other series films, especially "Pimlico passport". <br /> <br /> It is Pimlico, or at least fifty years old in the working class neighborhood. London, located on the northern bank of Thames, a kilometer from the Victoria station. It is not entirely correct to say, as is often said, that the movie is that Pimlico is "representing Britain as an independent". What's happening is that an old letter reveals that it was fifteenth. In the century, he proved that Edward IV sent him to the Burgundy Duchy. This means that, technically, Pimlico has been independent for almost five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government warns of a special parliamentary law that warns of correcting an anomaly, but until the Law approves the King, the United Kingdom is ruled out and British laws are not applied. According to the British law, the local pub housewife is free to open all the hours she chooses, and local merchants sell everything they want, whatever they want is not up to date. When other merchants sell their merchandise on the streets, the British authorities are named as illegal marketing and closes the "bourgeoisie" as the people of Pimliko. Renamed to give up. <br /> <br /> Ealing, many comedies, have the main idea of ​​the idea of ​​a small man who is involved in the system, as well as the individual, as in the "White Man of the Outfit". or "The Lavender Hill Mob", or a larger community that occurs in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The main theme of "passport" is that ordinary men and women are considered by the bureaucracy and government regulations, in the 1950s it seemed more important in life. The purpose of the film is a rationalization system. During the war, most people accepted the sacrifice as a sacrifice in the fight against the Nazi system, but became increasingly politically controversial when it tried to save the government in peace. It was important in 1945 to increase the popularity of the majority of the Attlee administration, and most organizations such as British housewives created a rationalization campaign. I can not agree with an assessor, whose main goals for the satirical film were "spivs", a relatively small part of the action or housewives who were not in the league. It is directed by the bureaucratic satire, which is aimed at rules of "rules of good practice" or the challenge not to overcome the ballooning and avoiding actions. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the movie is going on today, it would be an end to Pimlico, independent of Monaco or San Marino. (Actually, today, this concept will be the basis of a TV sitcom, rather than a movie). In 1949, however, since the end of the war, four years ago, filmmakers had deep stress in British patriotism and identity; So the movie Pimlico was introduced to Great Britain. One of the most popular lines of the film "we always had English and we will always be English, and we have English to keep our burgundy right". There is no tedious attitude to officiality, the sense of Pimliko's cocktail, tolerance and humor, and all of this, in contrast to what the British features are all about, is evident. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place in a summer drought and an incredible heat wave, but after the last scene, Pimlico joined the United Kingdom, the temperature drops and the rain begins. Global warming may change somewhat, but for many years Britain has the ability to have faith in it, despite any statistics that could be contradicted, Britain experienced an unusually humid climate. The ability to make jokes about this climate is very important. <br /> <br /> Stanley Holloway is a good performance by Arthur Pemberton, who becomes Prime Minister of Pimlico, and a local politician. Margaret Rutherford's fun code as a great teacher in history. Primarily, however, this is enough to make a movie together about a small community, a movie that plays a great part in a real star show, but for all those who contribute to a great movie. It lacks the lies and hatred of many of the latest satirical films, but their intelligence and satire. It's never been a funniest satire made by bureaucracy, except for "Kind Hearts and Coronets", my favorite is Ealing's comedy. 10/10
