Get this movie in every possible way. You will find a good performance by Barbara Bach, an elegant old house (and very clean), but a horrible cinematic and beautiful? "Viewed". I received a copy of this movie, when I was interested in watching Bach, I called "The Spy Who Loved Me Love". I really love classically beautiful actors and I'm grateful for a little more. So, we start with a nice initial premise. The television reporter, Bach's boyfriend, is covering a festival in a town in California, Solvang, celebrating the ancestors of Sweden with a great folk festival. He takes a camera to his sister and another association. (At the end he plays with his sister Karen Lamm Bach, and if you are married to the famous celebrities who are married to you, it's just funny to see Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) go down the street sister's talk.)) However ? Bach's disgraceful scandal continues to Solvang, because he is not arguing with him. There are still a lot of feelings among them, but he does not want to see more about the soccer career he is going to waste. The sisters arrive at the Solvangara to carry out their own tasks; Otherwise, their reservations were given to someone else. (Maybe with Bach's husband and wife, why would you think so?). Gals wonders around, but there's nowhere to go. Today, the effort to enter an old hotel that is exclusively used as a museum, Keller's (late Sidney Lassick), is interested in saving money at home and deciding to be a mistress, emphasizing his wife. Rejoice. Oh no! Next we know that Keller is whispering to his wife by telephone, warning her to approach and threaten her company. Paradise trouble! Her sisters are eager to return to Solvang and shoot footage and interview with Swedes, but a girl does not feel well. Lacking Bache and Lamm, Mrs. Keller (who plays beautiful Lelia Goldoni) finds out that someone seems to have lost his best friend. Talk about it ?? bad weather Vicki goes out of her clothes and enters a pleasant cold bath, knowing that Keller has got into her room to study holes. He hears that he has come to deliver the garment and wishes to thank him. Lassick did a great job in this scene, indicating the seriousness of an old male young man who had not looked for a long time. After the departure, poor Vicki falls into bed to get a nap, but immediately comes out (it's really like it's terrifying), something big that appeared on a grill on the ground? Viewed! Lamm returns to the next house (Bache ends an argument with his beauty) and nobody can find it at home. In the kitchen, it strikes more than one fruit dish and hands and knees, does it make hair and fashionable sharp cloth over the black grill over the floor? Unseen attract again! Well, weak Lamm, who is silent in the kitchen for a while, goes to the flashback in the past to Mr. Keller, and he's really sadistic about his origins and his wife does not smile at all. Bache finally wants to get home and find out where his friend is. Meanwhile, Lassick's afternoon skin tears his wife and decides he can not leave the secret to reveal his house to get out of Bach. The final action of the Keller family's tragedy is included in the basement that opens us all. <br /> <br /> I did not quite say I saw it before for Stephen Furst; it is obvious that he has done homework, analyzing the communication and expression methods of the affected brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their own way, gives the film a shine. Not only that, but it fills the movies with a pleasant resolution. There are no stupid tricks, face-to-face conversations or pathetically cut corners ... A real treat for your collection.
