Dolph Lundg is back! Detention Dolph's first movie is almost 2 years old, and this is a hidden backlog of the hidden agenda. This film still has a significant improvement for Dolph's Jill Rips, Red Agent and Stormcatcher for their cheapest trilogy. However, this movie is under the Hidden Calendar Standard, it was almost always better. This film is a supporter of the previous departure of Dolph, which is fun and tasty. The film re-uses Dolphi in a great role, and it is good to see Dolph again doing his stunts. <br /> <br /> The story of the movie is a wonderful and beautiful material from the B movie. Former military instructor and while on the last day of teaching, while taking the detention class, Slovakians will be taken to school as a cover for a large drug business. The film has no originality, but in that kind of film you have to have a sense of fun with all the topicals. If you take it seriously, the viewer will have little. Fortunately, filmmakers do not seriously consider the subject and think about all the action clicks that you think, this film is so bad that it's a nice atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Where do you leave this movie? He's missing out on using a fairly budget quote. A budget of around 10 million was not well spent. There are a lot of screens with huge carnage and explosions, but a lot of shooters are missing. The aperture action is fine, but then the good times become more difficult. There are moments right now. For example, you have car care in the school corridors, and at the beginning you have a decent shooting, many destruction. The rest of the shooters are mechanical, but they are doing a lot on the screen. <br /> <br /> Like cast. The Hidden Agenda is the best thing Dolph has done for the elderly. The DTV movie was a good standard for the cast. However, it has problems. Actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are awful, but the bad bad man has a pleasant taste, because Alex Karsis plays down without a trace of mere threat. The adolescent pieces are really good, but they care about these characters. They hate authority, they have a bad attitude, and, of course, they have learned important life lessons lately, but they are generally decent and Chris Collins is particularly fond of them. This movie is about Dolph. Although this movie is in its best form, there is no closer one. It also indicates a turning point in his career. Now it fits well, and in the next film will have a better Direct Action. Dolph is keen to play here, he performs all his stunts and it is good to play a man with a typical action (exploding explosions, lures and big weapons) to see him in his older movie, though he's less like the figure and imagination of Army Of One clicked than movie It's good to see Dolph vibrate. The 8-year-old movie Dolph has seen a bit more and much use (still he's struggling), but Dolph's reasoning seems to be. <br /> <br /> In general, this is only the value of cheese and the first action men's way the clock is accessible. It is not surprising, but the charm is unfreezing. **
