This is, in my opinion, an excellent entertaining action movie, great characters, great performances and an amazing performance by Dolph Lundgren. However, Alex Karzis is horrible as a criminal! The story is very good, and I found the kids most like me, plus Dolph Lundg's that simple! The scenes of the action are excellent, and almost like Hard Die is just like set in school !, plus Kata Dobó is very threatening and sexya is the helper! In the end, it's really exciting, and it's a nice moment tomorrow! But I want to have another stick, Alex Karzis never cut the chorizo ​​like OTT and the most horny for my tastes. That is, I think, it should be at a top level of 4.1, as I thought it was an excellent action movie, and while the kids were very stupid, they were sometimes very useful as the movie progressed! ! The endless one is very funny, and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student! Dolph still got it! This is, in my opinion, an entertaining action movie, great characters, lots of action and Lundgren! With amazing performance! But Alex Karzis is horrible as a criminal, I still recommend this one! Management is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a great job with camera work, good angle and fast moving movie. There is a bit of blood and violence. We get very bloody wounded wounds, knives on the head, bloody arrows, jaws and other small things. The play is fantastic! Dolph Lundg's is as amazing as ever, and it's amazing here, it's very nice, it's a good-looking donkey, it's a great chemistry for kids, it's a wonderful character, it's very charismatic, and it may not show a lot of emotion. It's still fun to watch! It's one of my favorite actors! (Lundg rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is an evil god, OTT is laughably boring, and was not threatening, it also hurts me. Kata Dobó is a very sexy side shot and she did well with what she had to do, as I thought was a real evil! Corey Sevier is funny Mick, my favorite student, and I really started to heat him in the second half, I really liked it! He also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all perform well as a student. Jennifer Baxter is very nice and good as a fiancée. the rest does well. Overall, I recommend this! *** Outside 5 outside 1/2
