I do not agree with one of the reviewers who compares American International Pictures. Basil Deard has directed a brutally realistic film on the rise of youth delinquency in England during the war (but without the "Blackboard Jungle" sensitivity) with a huge challenge. It was a brilliant cinematography that caught the great splendor of the giant dwelling. The farmhouse looked like an old jail. Stanley Baker was a tough detective who was assigned to the youth section - "Urgently, urgently - Larceny - five salmon!" He thinks so much joke butt. David McCallum has shown that one of the biggest British talents in the 1950s. (Another role played by Stanley Hellber in the "Hell Drivers" film, his portrait of Johnny and his fanaticism were terrifying. Ann Heywood was very good in the way of Cathie.) I would not say that there was a romantic part, a proof that would bring a breakthrough As soon as he finds himself, he is assigned to the Juvenile Division, who does not get bored by the good work he does. "Along with the first call, the 6-year-old Murphy twins are in a scammer store. <br /> <br /> Johnny's twin brother She meets her sister and her lover, Cathie, who believes that life in the giant homes can become a crime for young children. As a family, she realizes that there is a strong relationship between fire and Johnny and a scary Chinese boy who works to clean clothes. Local priests (Peter Cushing's unusual role, far from the horrors of Hammer) explains when Johnny was younger He recalled some people in the building of smoking and called a hero. He wanted to restore the feeling of importance, and it was useful and he felt fires. The siege of the school was shot in a very real way and the audience felt the fear of children - the teacher (thinks of his safety only) escapes and blocks the room with a dreaded room! <br /> <br /> Really, it was a great attempt to show some social problems that were experienced throughout the war in Great Britain. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
