I would highly recommend this movie! And, of course, I personally recommend my friends and family here and abroad! It was anticipated, I had previously ordered it online, I liked it so much! It is not worth the look until February / March 2008. First go and see if you can watch movies. It's something like Film Experiencing in a film made in film! Remember to put your local cinema! At night, in London, I watched 'Seachd, Inaccessible Pinacle' and I was really surprised. It's wonderful: a really beautiful Scottish Highlands movie: you'll laugh, we'll cry, you'll move in different ways, you'll know, and stories will tell you. This revelation has been amazed. <br /> <br /> This movie is in English subtitles with Scottish subtitles, but do not deny that if you're not talking speaker speaker: I'm beginning and my son does not. Not many people were there tonight, and it did not harm us any way with means! Superlatives are not enough! It's a great picture - CGI is not here, and the movie is better for that ... Here's a real photography! The script is so clever and finely written. The multi-layer plot weaves the magical art of ancient storytellers. Sometimes music is intense, sometimes annoying, but always adds to the atmospheric atmosphere. And act out? ... to see ... and the actors? ... they are the true plunder of this wonderful and profound movie, mainly two main actors, "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" ("Padruig-the-young"). A real bard, had it never been!), Both made a heavy load! And Management? Look Richard! And the Producer, who is in charge of receiving subsidy, recruiting key personnel and preparing for distributors? Good job! I hope that this distribution will be directed to foreign communities! And Irish? Without you, it can not happen! They told us this movie was being done on a low budget, but we would not know it, and I think maybe they're not working well because they're more expensive than they do with their heart's wealth. , and the Scottish excitement and warmth of the Scottish community. <br /> <br /> Thanks to those who wish to thank and Seachd's sponsors, Märna taing! (Thank you!) From Gaelic to world! From Mundutik to Gaels!
