On that morning of September 11, the incredible documentary that caught all the unfortunate chaos and catches that had arrived throughout NYC. 9/11 is lively, personal and completely curious, perhaps, the biggest documentary ever made by accident, gives some kind of appeal. Until this morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet followed a group of New York firemen, focusing on a new candidacy that linked the films with a rigorous training on a small piece. This morning, the team shoots a simple routine cleaning, Jules rises to the sky, just to record one of the most recognizable photographs of the World Trade Center. From there, a simple document was no longer. <br /> <br /> First, they explain what happened to the viewers on the surface of the surface, that is, an amazing team of firefighters and a camera are trying hard to navigate the disaster. Undoubtedly, Naudet automatically programmed heroes are in the tower, while full support is scattered around them. The raw fear of an unusual dirty dirty becomes more feasible, any fictional productions would ever happen to be ever less visible and visible when we are trapped. It is very memorable for Gideon's elder brother to catch up with the city with more and more fear, who have been collectively witnessed. When it comes to seeing the collapse of the second tower, as the cameraman protects it from apocalyptic disasters, we are not only captivating ourselves for the removal of dirt from astonishing looks. <br /> <br /> Obviously, as much as the Filmmakers, they deserve the opportunity to document this extraordinary event at the right time; However, they admire only two brothers who can adapt to this event; In some desperate minutes, we prove that they are like Swedish firefighters. Instead of saving lives, they only need to keep the footage, although they will cost them their safety. , and I saw it as it appeared in 2002, I feel much more about Oliver Stone's latest interpretation, compared to the big World Trade Center quote. Many were criticized for the movie, because I did not know two survivors who were captured in disaster because they did not know each other and I enjoyed the little Hollywood and Hollywood focus. From that date onwards, it will not only remain a definitive essential collection, but the excellent transfer of motivation guarantees that this documentary requires all the heart and nature to make the event ever again sensationalized.
