This documentary is roughly a few words. Each fiber in your body tells you that it does not occur quickly at the beginning of the initial assembly of fire figures, until the final Zero Zero Cleanup, but each frame is real. The story was thought by two French brothers in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet ("Nau-day") wants to make a New York documentary of firefighters, starting with the "newbie" of the academy, and will continue in nine months' test. elusive fireman Actor James Hanlon (36), with the help of Engine 7 and firefighter in the 1st season, Naudet was working on the "Probies" academy and Tony Benetakos will find most of his documentary. on <br /> <br /> Tony becomes a joke butt and slowly learns inner lessons from family members. Firefighters have a superstition called "probies". It means "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", along with these, all kinds of fires continue to "Probie". The former means that fire activity is very little, but one day, it will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "White Cloud". After the beginning of the initial pain, Tony firefighter settles down as if he were a veterinarian. Then it's unthinkable ... <br /> <br /> On September 11th, 2001, light blue sky and morning call begin with a fake gas leak from Wall Street. Because Jules has had a lot of camera experience, Gideon tells his younger brother a camera and tells him to ride alongside T. K. Pfeiffer. At 8:42 a.m., firefighters have started to use their gas detectors. Then the sudden rudeness of a seemingly low airplane goes beyond the scene, and as Jules gets up, we see the first strike of the day. American Airlines Flight 11a 1 breaks before the World Trade Center. Pfeiffer has ordered his firefighter to start the World Trade Center. There, Jules asked him to take the Chiefra tower. Pfeiffer told Naudet. Once inside, the increasing impact of the catastrophe begins on the faces of men with the sole purpose of saving lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the firefighter and go to the impact area. There, in the background, it is influencing the flight of the United Airlines flight 175, with 2 World Trade. Jules knows that Pfeiffer is in the towers. After seeing people unthinkable and seeing people's reaction, Gideon begins to grow fear in Manhattan below. In the first tower, Jules has recorded the final world view, or his beloved son, father, uncle, grandparents, husband, boyfriend, friend, each firefighter carries 60 kg of equipment with a heavy lifting 80 stories wounded and to save you trapped. Jules also captures the ultimate similarity that Pfeiffer's boss will give to his brother with Kevin to stop his work. The video is also captured, and it is a rugged sound of falling bodies that jump over the upper floors above the giant bodies, before death in the hands of snakes and smoke. But Jules is respectful, he never gets caught feeling anymore ... money thrown. His work is professional through fire baptism. When it is hit by the plane, apart from seeing the remains that fall under the second tower, the firefighter can also be seen after the civilian's prescribed manner. Then, the south tower of Jules collapses and the first official victim has been taken: Father Michael Judd, the chaplain of the firemen. Afterwards, Jules and Pfeiffer's leaders start off from the collapse of the two towers, the tower begins with a structural collapse. <br /> <br /> What are the results, seeing from Ground Zero inside, Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Knowing whether he is alive or not, each one is afraid of the worst. As each fireman arrives at the fireman, they will greet each other with a happy hug. And in a moment of great emotion, Jules and Gideon meet. While Jules cries out at the foot of his brother, Gideon embraces his younger brother as Hanlon talks about filmmakers. Tony Benetakos is a terrifying moment when he left the station with his head, it is believed to have been lost ... but the fold is returned, this "Probie" has proved himself. <br /> <br /> Only three breaks are shown, the achievement of the 9/11 film documentary is immense. Hindenburg's footage is shown in history. Naudet recommends a rigorous treatment of the subject. In the smaller hands, the tendency would be sensible, but Naudett's eye towards dignity and compassion. Written by Hanlon, we talk about the words of the audience during September 11. The program Robert De Niro organizes in a dark and slow way. He has never looked for a camera for himself, but explains scenes to be seen. I also recommend CBS to take advantage of this specialty to take off. The sharp attempts to capture ratings vary according to the relatives of those who commit their murders. This is a true heroism to be remembered for those who deem it imperative. It's not a dribbling of basketball, or selling hate albums ... 9/11 is about humanity. Heroism is its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
