Excellent entertainment with a rolling star, a great script, and well-managed in the fifties. At that time, RKO classed eight girls with classics. But despite the value of these diurnal shadows, they soon reflected on the Eisenhower era's sun-dark climate. The latest film of the late 40s is farther away from that cycle or coincides with the decade of the consumer that is a little comic. Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an ad-man at Madison Ave. . where he sells those who need things in their little daughter, to give them no price. Making money is good, but like many other thousands, he is tired of living in a huge "cave" town. So, together with Myrnah Loy, they attack their dream house in the rural desert of Connecticutt. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get much more than what they have come in for. <br /> <br /> It's not nearly all the script that's scarcely. I do not know if the writer Panama and Frank have an Oscar, but they should be. Of course, humor consists of all the problems that populate humor makes when building a large country house. The misfortunes accumulate as soon as the mortgages, because they show all the eccentric running the type of construction and Granti gives it a difficult time. Of course, no one surpasses or shakes it more than Frusty, so it's the only thing that makes fun of it, especially if the closed cabinet seems to be the hell of hell of itself. However, oddly enough, the movie does not have much comic. Laughter is scattered so skillfully that they do not prevail in certain points. It's a real victory at any time movie. <br /> <br /> Turning back 60 years later, we can see how ideas written do not go forward. With the neighbor's maid, perhaps Blandings is not a typical American family, but post-war towns are a typical migration from urban neighborhoods. And what suggestive proposals come as "consumer" as Blandings's "ad-man" to find better ways to sell "ham". On the other hand, there is a sleek optimism for the film. Oh, surely, sometimes sensation is cuddling, but the belief that a horizon is a better future is that Blandings only sticks to his dream, he believes. In fact, many people will improve by the future rise; So I hope the movies have been deeper with the audience of the day. This simple textual cover, together with the value of entertainment, makes this film a key phrase in the war movie comedy. <br /> <br /> So, if you have not seen it, caught it. next time
