Together with the beginnings of the boom of the childhood, in the years following World War II, Americans saw an exodus from the outskirts of their homes, to fill their dreams in their homes. Written by H.C. Potter and Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), a lightweight yet surprisingly-watched 1948 attack, feels great about the feeling of that era. Of course, is farceurs expert a trio? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and Melvyn Douglas, a particularly stupid one? The procedures are carried out in accordance with their natural nature, in accordance with the continuous frustrated property of the house. Though it's seventy-five years of movies, Blandings's dream and the barriers to achieving that are an unbelievable quality. Clearly, Hollywood thinks it, at least twice as much - as the first comic book of Tom Hanks, "The Money Pit" (1986), and last year's Ice Cube "Are Done Yet?". The look at HGTV programming schedule will show you how we are currently exploring situations. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters have joined in a two-bedroom bath. Manhattan apartment. Muriel's idea of ​​not renewing the $ 7,000 apartment, Connecticut sees a picture of a home in Connecticut in a magazine and realizes that they need to move around. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent, and Bill Cole, against his advice and family friend, Blandings decides to buy a hilarious home. However, the foundation is so bad that the house needs to be left for another. This has been designed by the architect Blandings to make the house incredibly big as the first one on the second floor. All costs rise with new complications, relief changes, as well as a romantic triangle between Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities are finally sorted, but not in the case of some fun conversations that ignore the ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> <br /> With its semi-double and superb line-up, Grant is unable to enter this type of farts, and Jim Blandings represents his home career characters bigger. In an assignment directed to Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why Hollywood was the perfect wife. It does not make many of the funniest lines, but it has a unique blend of special mix that Muriel turns into an attractive character. Look closely at the painter of the house very pleasantly maneuver with its sensuous idiosyncrasy palette of colors. Bill ("Cole ?? Bill Cole"), who smells like Pipa, is boring, as Melvyn Douglas shows as natural as Grant's paper. Lesser roles Harry Shannon gives the most memorable, Tesander, Lurene Tuttle Jim assistants, Mary and Mary Gussie Blandings, as a maid of choice, like Tesander, Lurene Tuttle. The DVD 2004 offers some of the most interesting vintage material including the two radio versions of the film: Grant and Dunne and later the second half of the 1950's with his wife Betsy Drake. The best cartoon in 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", is also included in the comic tour of a futuristic dream house. The ten classic original Grant film covers are original.
