Japan's Tomko Akiyama's Keko Mask (1993) is a delightful movie and so much fun to watch! There are also some followers, but I do not see these films as hyperlinked. For some days it would be nice to publish it again, because the dumps would like it a lot. The story of the massacres is a language, so that teachers can torture their students to achieve this discipline, that is, when they believe that teachers are the most important in their education. The school looks like a fun look (look at the costume!) The human wizard / whatever, it's like the main school, and it adds to the outside, never telling us why we're dressed in others. Teachers are usually dressed. Well, the main thing in the movie is Keko Mask, someone who is beautiful and cutie, when teachers talk about girls and students. Yes, this superhero is an effective woman, when she faces ill teachers, with a totally tedious soundtrack, playing in the background. The most important thing is, of course, that it does not wear a cape and a naked body. His identity has never been revealed in these films, and credits are also called "Keko Mask: Unknown" while listening to the actors' names! <br /> <br /> The Keko Mask is more fun in this movie as it kills enemies. She's beautiful, but deadly! Yes, you have read it right. The victim dies in the air in front of them, expanding their legs and captivating the enemy's vision, which is closer to that and binds the legs with their legs! The most common line of characters in this film is the following: "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now, I'll die in peace." This movie is very wonderful! <br /> <br /> There are also major attacks on Japanese society, such as the attitude towards sex with films (Japanese zealots blur the cloudiness or the public hair of any movie), as well as some school drop-outs (girls and boys are not allowed in this movie , etc.) A great scene where a nerd views the girl for the first time, and say "Hey there's no fog!" I can not make any effort to laugh at this scene. I thought what the Japanese censors thought. He also says that a character will eventually return, if it allows the Japanese Films series. I'm glad that I've heard the sequel as equally awful. A sequence of Blues Brothers (yes, Blues Brothers!) Would be included. <br /> <br /> This is one of the most entertaining, entertaining and entertaining forms, that is, the shameful form, so it is shameful to find these films difficult. This would have a greater experience, however, sometimes it would move faster, because it was boring at some moment, but fortunately these segments are very few. This movie has to be fully believed, since there are many junk elements that I do not mention here and it would not be necessary to say all here. If you like films made with rubbish films and very cheeky languages, I think I'd like this little curious, and the director is a genius in this field! 8/10 Is it possible that the only film that is deadly is a fiery raft?
