Although I borrowed this movie, I valued very little, because I wanted to see how crew members are encouraging the presence of a multi-world presence. Actually, they did not seem to at least. A camera has appeared in the short film, that is, most viewers believe it. However, it comes at the end of the surprise and, unfortunately, when most of the viewers stopped this movie. Also, I was surprised that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of the film means "Travel in Death". This is a spoiler. <br /> <br /> This movie is about a young girl who is aboard (for totally unclean reasons), you only understand it in the last 5 minutes. When you start a movie that you write in English under the title "Haunted Boat", you clearly think that strange camera cameras are "ghosts". But, in fact, this movie is not just about the perspective of remote writers who like most horror movies, to differentiate between the different levels of reality at almost any moment, from the point of view of the young girl. Not only do we see it, but it also sees four friends. We do not see it alone. So the parallel worlds are not the obvious appearances that appear in the stream of images, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the girl and the world, which is 4 friends. Third-world intrusions are probably young men with low medical abilities that are likely to be aboard. <br /> <br /> I can not take away this film, which amongst these films "deceived" people of thousands of people, is a movie that is believed to be a student or one of the "selected" pseudo-actors, who had met the film before night. After sending at least twelve beers. How could one be wrong! In addition to the big surprise that is only being learned in recent minutes, it also gives a different surprise at the end of the game. A girl keeps the crew in a helicopter and another bucket. When he regained recovery, he again visited the port area, along with the four friends that had boarded the boat. And they're there again! They wave the boat on the shore. It jumps to the water, it reaches the ship and they are away. Beautiful miracle He reminded me of the end of the poetry of a rhetorician writer: when I woke up, I saw that Death was standing in my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened it again, it disappeared.
