It can not be denied that Hak Se Wui (English Elections) is a well-conceived and well-conceived film. The film uses many pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity, but is it linked to tradition? a theme that has been played throughout the film. The Hong Kong films by John Woo are full and upright in their explosive content by Hardcore Boiled (1992) and Hong Kong films. "From the point of view, sometimes, it is a fake valves, and they are simply unforgettable, a good example of City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> The election is a movie that has a memorable event with its unexpected scenes, spontaneous actions and violence In a realistic and vibrant way (if the word is correct), as well as "smart" cinematography, it is difficult to see but the Elections are built into three structural structures: there is a first concern about the real election and anyone voting is voted out. The second act is to restore ancient Chinese witnesses to the demands of tradition to be presented at the inauguration, due to the inauguration of the third final opening, and some characters will present their ideas as to how the Triads should run. Needless to say, some events and events occur They are three in each one; some t They are silly and non-material, because some are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> The elections have some failures to open the majority in the third. In a matter of minutes, he has tried to kill some of the electorates for a hard-fought task for writers and filmmakers. Before the break of the police, I felt before I had to go somewhere, and everyone was detained. It happens several times: he is born in a fight at the restaurant, but there is a policeman and they are arrested; There is a secret meeting between the triads among the triads, but police appear and everyone is detained; Other trials are having a pre-election debate, but show police and guess what? You know <br /> <br /> When I thought that the movie was coming out of that routine, it uses sacred pen as a plot of land to help everyone move. Does the skipper create some good fight scenes, such as a truck, after hotwired, a gunman fighting a motorcycle and a kung-fu with a weapon to load weapons on the street? The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are in a fun way. Where the election is the focus of this magnificent detail. When the triads are in jail, the bars are covered in alanbreeze, if they suggest that all cages are animals, as they do in conflict. Another great attention to details is Osabek toasting with tea and not alcohol, raising top-selling gangsters (The Long Good Friday) as well as referring to the Chinese tradition of drinking or celebrating tea. br /> <br /> Election is a good movie, a movie that has enough well-structured enjoyment and a fantastic staging, when it comes to what happens. Some interior settings and clothing, as well as style buckets that penetrate behind and search, are also enhanced. The inauguration of a short film is very complete and well integrated; Suggestions for the Chinese tradition in the process. The best scene seems to be the end of the scene, as it summarizes them completely: while discussing the two shifty characters of fishing and the ruling of the Triads, they are realistic, surprising and violent: of course.
