As with all the films of Angelopoulos, "The step stomach step" implies an intimate and intimate participation by the viewer; He has definitely helped the reputation of his work. Conversations are grasslands, without monologues or conflicting characters, doubts or feelings out. The filmmaker prefers the audience away from their emotional responses, and instead forces them to analyze and analyze the characters' identities. As a result, the play is clear and implicit, obviously and explicitly. <br /> <br /> The action scene is positioned between long periods of visibility, where the viewer is asked to take part. actor, trying his psyche. It consists entirely of the novel, the theater, the writing of the author, the template that flourishes the reader's imagination and / or past experience. The drama of Angelopoulos is part of his images: his long, long and quiet shots. Boosting the unique dialogue that has become its registered trademark, the viewer experiences the movie from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture high-intensity moments, gestures, looks, sounds, and music to not recover the verbal language, he thinks the word may take us so far. <br /> <br /> Music has long been a collaboration with Angelopoulos's Eleni Karaindrous, which offers more than one discrete background, but becomes a dramatic element of the story. A large part of the film consists of outer planes, subtle and tight colors, engraved with winter light. Angelopoulos presents another "Greece", the blue sky and sea sponges of Greece, which is very different from the tourist brochures, when it stifles the sun. Here, the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and fog, and in the sandy beaches they have been replaced by dirty and dirty sand. Angelopoulos 'Arvanitis' camera's genius is in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> "A stomach step by step" is a political expression aimed at the social-political situation in the Balkans. XX. century. He is deeply concerned about the significance of "borders" and the victims of the inter-national blend. Refugees, political or otherwise refugees, waiting for the rest of the humanity, looking for the Albanian border. They may be stuck in front of a political boundary, but unfortunately they still carry it and the old frontiers are deeper between languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos's political views are well-known, film's political discourse on the lack of refugees is clear. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to reflect on the "boundaries" of geography, culture, politics and people. <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos XX. He is a Greek historian of the twentieth century and likes to bring lessons in the Hellenic myths into his debates. In this film, he is moving between Greek and Italian cultures, starting with a combination of Homeric and Dantesque traditions from the Odysseus. Alexander Teleman is looking for a story about the old Greek politician / Ulise disappearing. This political man, a brilliant orator, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his excellent career, anonymously living in a refuge area. He became an exile poet when he asked how the world changed. Of course, "politician" is not Alexandro's father, but the "politician" is in front of Aleksandra as a figure figure / Ulises. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows up as a man in his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try to retrieve Homer's Odyssey Recovery in the current context. Angelopoulos relies on the trips of Odysseus as a structural and thematic element of his film. At the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is like Dante Odysseus: he does not leave Ithaca but continues "carrying a suitcase". And Alexander / Telemachus "hangs on his way home and his journey or elsewhere." He paraphrases some lines of Dante's "Inferno" at the beginning of the film, "a different voice": "And do not forget to get back on a trip that's it. The wind leaves the wind farther. "<br /> <br /> Finally, Angelopoulos is not a religious person, although the religious orthodox Greek theme is appropriate for those lines that fit into the film, the connection between communications and the" politician "image of Christ. These figures show the iconography of the population of fifty years in Angelopoulos, who appear to be a religious figure found in orthodoxy Ortiz, the honest and noisy man continued to live in the tops of the pillars in an asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends without resolution In the case of the true identity of the character Mastroianni, Angelopoulos does not give us any trace, and his wife's expression, "It's not him," is not convincing and quite ambiguous. The most important question of the film is not a politician or a politician That may be, but the movie still ends in an optimistic note, from the pole The threads embedded in the poles run only from the river, so the communications that cross borders are still not possible, and they are still impossible, we realize the last scene from the indirect perspective of the river. Crossing the edge and reversing the shot is encouraged to continue beyond Alexander and the audience. That's why Angelopoulos hopes, in some way, that some limitations will be temporary.
