At the end of the fifties, the period of the comedy screw was over, because the films were moving in a different direction, comic and other. When television was happening horizontally, it would soon be Hollywood's very tough time. Where do we think that the past movies did not go away when the TV did not go out or when it was delayed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings Builds offers a unique way to develop their own Dream House comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, is a nice apartment in New York. One day it gets a bright idea, it might be fun to dream of building a home in the suburbs. So, it buys some property in Connecticut and has been built according to its specific specifications. Well, almost. If he knew any of your problems, maybe he changed it to mind. Then he might not have been. You have decided. This modest premise allows film results to be wonderful, a dream of owning a self-contained middle class and often dreaming of unpleasant shopping. Nothing comes easily in this life, Mr. As Blandings learns; But it is not necessary to be miserable that things are not always their way. In the end, it's in the long run. But Blandings asks himself a few minutes, how long is it? <br /> <br /> This movie is nice. I think that Capra-McCarey's masterpiece of tradition is not the heir of the thirties, and perhaps future things have been when the arrival of the television has changed so much the cultural landscape. . The real warmth in the picture and the (W.C.) rigid rigidity of reality are on a regular basis, but not so bad taste. The people of the film are very intelligent and rich, but it is crucial that the middle-class professional is not a high-level superior. <br /> <br /> They will play Cary Grant and Myrna Loy as Mr. ; Melvyn Douglas, his pragmatic friend, is well-off, but it often has to bring unpleasant issues, such as how the real world works. There is a longer period of love during childhood during childhood, that is, in the infancy, the rivers and rivers were taken to the town. first place. These people definitely fish fishing without fish in the rural area of ​​Connecticut. In just a few years things would change, the wild races of the suburbs would be in full gear, as long as small villages that would connect with small villages would destroy such an appetite for destroying pastoral innocence. Something in the city would have found their effluves.
