"The old school kung fu movie world, where vengeance images were about twelve centimeters, was to take a lot of movies and even become a favorite of those years. Chang Cheh's best films continue to affect the Hong Kong film industry , about loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, John Woo (who started at Chang's HK industry), in the era of heroic blood, at the end of the 1980s, a character of A Man Called Hero's latest films, a character inspired by this movie what is happening in the sport, it has also influenced other areas, such as Wu-Tang Clan's music, TV commercials, Sprite and video games, such as "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this movie so Special - Land - on the surface - it's pretty easy. It looks for a member called "Poison Clan." Because of their treasure hidden in their umbrellas, c The works have kung fu extraordinary abilities, be animal style or "venom" (lizards may raise walls, scorpions deadly, etc.). Conversion clans are always masked, not everyone knows who they are. So a mere plot becomes a suspense thriller. We are not talking about The Usual Suspects here, but the kung fu movie of a different era is far above all. Supposedly, Golden Harvest was not happy with the script of Changen - like most of his films, he thought it was dark and violent - and they really wanted to add a comic book relief. Luckily, since Chang has paired with his tracks and stopped with his original script, he looks at it as one of the best films of the time, excepting the perfect drama that is almost perfect and extraordinary spine. action sequences <br /> <br /> But they are really those who really solidify the movie. Chang Cheh threw it with a magic formula; He won a talented art (his movements, cables or other special effects), but the modern martial artist shamed them. Formula was so popular that Chang has usually appeared in one of the papers in his films. In most of the subjects available, in most of the old school films, the actors play cardboard cuttings, but here the actors actually create the characters. Everyone seems to be having a favorite venom (Philip Kwok is mine - it's hard on being known as the Mad Dog in England - as a Lizard) and this creates a personal connection with these characters. real genre classics Even if you're not the movie buffs for the old school you need to look at The Five Deadly Venoms to see where there's no inspiration for modern movies.
