All the kungfu movies made between the 70's and the 80's were true for worship. Apart from the protagonist of Bruce Lee's film, there is a film produced by the time trial and his story. An old master Kung-fu tells his first student Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students trained in the past. Five outfits masqueraded and nobody saw the face of each other and trained differently. Their specialty is called kung-fu, called Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The Master called the Prayer Klan and does not know what happened to Tieh and help others to stop others. Once it was a member of Poison Clan, an elderly man has hidden a lot of money and seems like a goal. Tieh does not know what it looks like, therefore, it must be confused in society and knowing who it is. Tieh has watched Snake Wen Tung (Pai Wei) hang up and Tang Yu Kue (Feng Lu) has been hanging a family together with Centipede in search of the map. A map is found by a mysterious Scorpion, but we know who it is. The local police officer, Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok), has been killed, along with the Ma Chow partner (Chien Sun). No one has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo), who knows and knows the identity of each other. The snake is subjected to the murder of local officials at Li Ho and is being tortured and killed while in prison. When he finds himself out, he joins Tieh and joins Tung and Kue together. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director for these films. Chang was not the director of kung-fu, and his films always had a unique quality. While most of the martial arts films were associated with revenge, Chang did not use the main theme. Although this story is later revenged, it is more complex than this movie. The same teachers dressed in five men and masks. Then they are all in the same area and not everyone else. A very special story, this film is different from all the rest, and most of the stories in Changs were in class. I would not be putting the same league as "Enter the Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a worldwide icon and showed that martial arts were real. This movie is still an impossible feat on the sides of the walls and the passage through the air, but this movie is not necessarily a battle scene. It's more about the story and the intrigue of the characters involved. This only makes kung fu different from all other films. A very well-done story.
