This is undoubtedly one of the best kung fu films, and it can be one of the best films ever ... The great plot that he gets is a puzzle, with lots of intrigue and suspense. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and scams, people hide their identity and nature. The characters in this movie breathe much more than the average of your kung fu characters. Everything is interesting and compelling and the film works well to give scenes to show your personality and desire. <br /> <br /> Fighting scenes are played like little stories, many of which are very original and exciting. Training sequencing and martial arts skills are very fascinating in the field of fantasy. There are five members of the 5 poison clan, each one of its origins style imitating the peculiar skill of an animal poison. The style of each character is fun and you can see the techniques used in the film-based training ... When this happens, the director trims the workout scene in parallel to draw. These cuts are music changes and sound effects and the whole thing works well. <br /> <br /> This is a very original film about how to treat death. The director Chang Cheh was very worried that the movie was not to end the death. This makes some scenes of the film much more effective. We really care when people die in this movie. Therefore, the camera remains the horrors of death, when the bad ones die. Some sequels in this movie are really annoying. When people are looking for revenge, you will feel anger and grief. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it's also a fun movie. It has all the things you expect from the traditional Kung Fu film. It has a bad duplication, the characters are ready to fight in the fall of a hat. Some sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the behavior of the characters is not very unrealistic ... all this adds to the greatness of the film. <br /> <br /> And we should not forget that seeing this director was spectacular. Many stylists are more elegant than most of their contemporaries. If you see this movie very well, you will see that the visible technical technique is virtuous. Everything is so fast (due to fast cutting style and fast moving camera cameras) it's really easy to actually watch the movie. Lighting and composition is sometimes spectacular. The camera's work and movement are very sophisticated, very fast with a very interesting rhythm ... Imagine scenes portraying a suspense and intrigue as Hitchcock moves twice in speed. Chang Cheh was the true master craftsmanship and the artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material within the limits. He does not turn the kung fu genre round, but in a subtle way, his skills transcend every scene and set and adds a lot of quality to the work. Many people are still a great filmmaker. <br /> <br /> This is a kung-fu movie on every level of the actual package. It's art, the trash, it's emotionally moving and it's fun, it's a real sense of morality, but it's not going to get that moral good on the way. All I recommend is whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
