The "Figures" is a story about the industrial spying in America in a distant future. Although not a themed complex, this film offers a variety of insights into personal loyalty, ruthlessness and conspiracy about the corporation. In some ways, this film also attempts to represent modern corporations and companies, as indifferent to the dangers that the employees of the contract have in their name. <br /> <br /> Films with a salaried male begin with Morgan Sullivan. (Jeremy Northam), applies to the Digicorp team to work as a secret operation. After Digicorp's initial security officer, Sullivan's new identity (Jack Thursby) will be sent to a business conference to record talks given by their spokeswoman about marketing strategies for their companies. After successful completion of the first task, Sullivan / Thursby will be sent to other missions to obtain the same type of information previously collected. However, in his "business trips", he accidentally encountered a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), who had been acquainted with the previous task, and from then on, things are very bad. Digicorp has begun to emerge as the result of a devil's conspiracy conspiracy program, and Sullivan has forced a deep coverage of one of Digicorp's major competitors, becoming a double agent that raises both rivalry. <br /> <br /> ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> The use of lighting and shadows that I liked most about this movie was very effective in many scenes. Live lighting was mainly used in home / home settings; While there were many shadows and dark colors, scams and coverings were used for the settings. I was very impressed with Jeremy Northam. I have often not seen the main role, and it was great that an unmarried man married to Wisconsin was staged. Personally, many of the industry's actors are hard to keep from being rocks. Lucy Liu was incredibly incredible and the film gave her a real mantala and dagger tone. In addition, the rest of the team has done a great job. However, my only complaint could be to look at some more characters on the plot and make it a little more difficult to close. For example, I'd love to see what would happen to Jack Thursby had developed his closest relationship with his "second wife". In general, clothing and daggers are poorly developed, so you can guess at the end of personal and professional loyalty and anyone who can be trusted in the whole movie. With a stylish and elegant soundtrack and great camera work, this film frightens the way in which corporations will work in the near future. I'm surprised I've never seen this "hidden treasure" before. Spy is a great thriller, not very intricate, so I gave 10 to 10.
