Cypher is a fast and efficient film. A good premise is well presented and effectively delivers content, but also as required by the genre. Even if the film's fiction movie was labeled immediately, it's a bit more. It seems that science has fictional features, but the film looks like black / detective feelings, something else that adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The movie generally acts like a nightmare; thus building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure what is going on, we are never sure why some things are happening and we are not sure how many people are, like a dream? is ambiguity prevalent among us? The heroine is involved and I did not see it as such, Terry Gilliam in Brazil. Along with those mentioned above, the cycle presents horror items and detectives, blacks and science fiction, it feels that there is something for everyone and it integrates well its elements. <br /> <br /> There is no feeling of spying on films that help the detective's side of the story. The mystery around the world is alarming at least, and I know that Rita Foster's character (Liu), who looks like a femme fatale, is a threat to everything else. About the hero: people who appear as friends are not really those who say that they are really doing what they are doing and those that are quite harmful seem to be truly immortal. Although many things have changed, the plot seems to end when the world is not going to end up following the orders that follow the dictates followed by the dictates and the dictates. The only thing that seems the most dangerous would be a romantic connection or connection with Lucy Liu's character? and is trying to help (!) The film maintains the feeling of both sides fighting the war of espionage, spying on and keeping staff and opponents. The whole thing is played like a cold war; Something similar to the US and US state, the war of good times of his word, and I was stuck with a black screen, often split CGI. <br /> <br /> What was interesting and touching was the draft insertion of some American states when micro-related computers were flying and flying as our heroes expressed their destiny? It is significant that the more it works on his Foster's motivation, this sequence is disappearing, because it is controlled and repetitive, controlled and controlled by life. Its content is consistent and has all the elements of a good movie. Just saying that Jason Bourne's first movie is only in the science-fiction genre, it does not stop enough, but you can see similarities; although they were released in both years. As I said before, it seems that this movie is something for everyone, and if you want to be able to easily advertise a few people, you will enjoy this movie.
