In fact, it's good that Sean Connery, James Bond, was retired. I'm sure he could not continue in today's spy business, the fast cars were replaced with brain-washing technology techniques and they played beautiful women. be less sexy than the most advanced computer equipment. "Figures" Sci-Fi thriller is a pretty inventive, which often reminds us of the feelings of fear and claustrophobia, though it is not possible. You know the tendencies of these types of films: it does not seem to be anything, and it's just that when you think it is a plot, writers make sure they include a new twist that blends again. "Cypher" events occur in the most important parts of the world of computer, because the main companies do not do much to try to steal the thunder of others. Digisoft literally spends millions of brainwashers and gives them a new identity in their main competitor to let them into the Sunwords Corporation spies. The sun, on the other hand, draws Digisoft rats and constantly recruits them as spies. Among non-profitable businesses, Morgan Sullivan is there; The secretive of the policies of two companies that have not apparently disturbed thirty-one employees by Sebastian Rooks (über-spy). Trust me, it's really not so difficult, and the director Vincenzo Natali ("Tube" dude) carefully takes his time to present all important and less important characters. In the first half of the film is John Frankenheimer's "unhappy" gem known as "Seconds"? Rock Hudson starring? In addition to eliminating identities, the traditional style of life is changing completely. Those who are out of the 1960s do not even seem to have white halls and endless corridors. There are also a lot of action and suspense, especially when Morgan experiences the Digisoft crew as they inspect their brain cleansing techniques when it comes to convention mishaps. The middle section of the movie drags a bit, especially if you know that it's only a deceptive alignment and I expect a little more portrait of a remote future. Jeremy Northam throws it perfectly and Lucy Liu is a mysterious mysterious adventurer, like a shameless lady who seems to be in favor of her. Director Selection David Hewlett has Virgil C. Dunn's most memorable role as a weird-rocker engineer. "Figures" are well-done and adrenaline for Sci-Fi entertainment, it is highly recommended for occasional occasions to use brain power occasionally.
