Vincenzo Natali is an imaginative film from the high budget Sci-Fi film director. The film runs with Phillip K Dick, along with Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the film feels like a unique sight. Filmed well, I love cinematography, I feel fresh and original. Plot-wise films focus on themes like Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix, as well as its main Sci-Fi staple. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban who is bored with life and has decided to work as a spy company in the Digicorp corporation. Initially, he comes across a selection officer and Sullivan takes him aboard and explains what he must do. In essence, it is accessed by rival companies and is recorded through a satellite transmission device. In addition, he must take another person and have a secret to his wife. After turning her first job into something weird, her habits change, her identity begins to differ, and her neck, headache, and nightmare suffer from pain. She is attracted to a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (she plays a cartoon by Lucy Liu) immediately. However, when he sees his next work and again, he shows his work shows that his work is not what he seems to be. Later, he and everyone involved in the conference work with Digicorp. The talks are skinny, so the company's men can clear their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, has been given to the antidote drug by Digicorps, and while the last spies make the rest of the day seem like a brain dead dream, speakers continue to drone (all speakers send) sudden flashes are lit and Digicorp workers enter a glittering picture In the eyes of the occupiers, every member who sends them out of consciousness, and then sends them to a nightmare state. They believe in someone else's messages in the brain and mental cleansing. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and they are created as personal and creative life. Sullivan now means that Jack Jovenby is totally convinced. Digicorp wants to steal information from opponents of Samways and want their puppets to perform and effectively control spies except Sullivan. When Samways arrives with Sullivan and does not actually get rid of it, they decide to use it as a Pawnbroker to investigate and convert Sullivan into a double agent. They know Digicorp sent Thursby to join Samways and build on the system until the company could close the company to provide important information about the company. Samways realized that it was planted and decided to play with Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate their data banks, but Digicorp will undermine its system. Plots begin to rotate and rotate, as both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. In the center of the center, the mystery of Rita Foster is very mysterious. When a mysterious third party enters, a person who reveals that Foster works, Sullivan decides whether or not to focus on an independent agent, sticking with a company that would guarantee a new life or security. Everything seems like voltage reaches the voltage climate, when everyone wants to eliminate it when it expires. The play is excellent. Northam is superb and its performance is superb. It gives a great deal of insight to its performance, the eye tells a story and we see a great subtle change, because it changes its nature to Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is more amazing than the belief and gives a great dynamic presence to the movie because it seems strange, but that's why it works. The other castables are also good. <br /> <br /> The director Natali's previous film was a fictional science-fiction classic Cube, with a real vision. It also surpasses the excellent film and gives it an excellent look. For a low-budget movie, it has impressive imaginative effects and CGI is not very good, but it's never the worst part of the middle to make the movie look negatively. The movie brings together The Matrix and the feelings of some of the best science fiction films, along with them. The plot turns almost into a very messy spot, but it is true that it helps in that movie, where the impact of Cronenberg and Lynch is evident. The movies are constantly working on what is happening and you're really surprised. This is generally a classic worship and that's very popular when I see it when it's released in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br /> <br />
