He has seen a French horror revival in the last two years, such as Inside and Switchblade Romance. A little earlier than malefic resurrection, but with head and shoulders in modern horror titles and never is one of the best French horror films! Undoubtedly, Maléfique was shot in a low budget, but this is much more in line with the originality of the film, and at the same time gets a great writer and performance to ensure that the film is won. The plot has two main ideas: jail and black magic. The main character is a man named Carrère, who is sent to prison in fraud. It enters another three cells; calmly insane Lassalle, Marcus's construction travestite Marcus and his beloved boy postponed Daisy. After a little bit of a cell, they hide hiding in a wall that has an old magazine. After returning one part of it, their magical powers soon notice and realize that they can use it to break between the walls of the prison. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting subject and I'm really quite. It was surprising that the movies are no longer the basis, because there are many things associated with it. The reason is that Maléficic makes the best asset, although it can be restrained, the movie never dims and flushes. The director Eric Valette offers a great atmosphere for the film; The imprisonment in the middle of the middle of the cell makes sure that the film feels very cryptrofobic, and this has a great benefit for the main idea of ​​the prisoners who want to leave the cell of magic. It is very easy that you are going back! Often it is said that the unknown is a thing that really frightens people and assures us that this film is a director, which can never be sure of what this is about, which helps Maléfique to be really scary! Out of the center line of the movie is a lot of memorable. The character is very interesting in its own way, and because the book itself is practically the same, it is done very well. The worst movie will not be delivered at the end of the game, it will not be disappointed, either at the end or in a sensible, dreadful way! In general, Maléfique is a great horror movie and is one of the best of the decade. It is highly recommended!
