The horror movie from France is very strange and it's pretty easy to see why! When a talented young filmmaker releases an amazing new film, he immediately migrates to Hollywood's great victories, after directing a new quote for another great classic movie. How can France make an enormous reputation for itself after the directors leave the film? The "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie and gave Alexandra Aja (one way) a ticket to the States to re-create "The Hills Have Eyes" (that is, terrifically). The feature film Eric Valette has been a feature film "Maléfique", which is why it was very promising and horrible, and it also directed Hollywood to direct the "One Missed Call" hit version of Takashi Miiki's ghost story. So you do not have so much, two huge French untested players who do not shoot soon in their native country. A simple but effective "maleficent" "chicken" requires patience due to the slow start, but when it develops well on the plot, the atmospheric tension and special effects are wonderful. The film is made almost entirely in one place and only presents four characters. We are in a giant French prison cell, we have four friends. The new arrival is a businessman who has sealed the time to deceive. Elder and "wise" prisoners have killed his wife and then a crazy travestito and mentally handicapped. In the wall of the cell, they have discovered an ancient magazines specializing in supernatural forms of black magic and escape from the 1920s. When four prisoners start their own escape plan using the curious formulation of the book, it's just the hidden realization that it's something you do not need to confuse? Eric Valette offered the cartoon characters of four main characters, sometimes creating redundant and boring sub-plots, but their reasons will be clear when the book is like a Wishmaster. device "Maléfique" is a dark movie with twisted details about the claustrophobic tension and human behavior. See that a wealthy American production company has decided to upgrade with fifty young actresses, in the symbolic roles of hard criminals.
