This movie has four criminals who are locked in a jail that they want to escape from their room, a mysterious book of black magic waiting for a prisoner of a prisoner in 1920, called Danvers, to keep young skin. <br /> <br /> Carrère's (Gérald Laroche) business tactics (shortcuts) have been jailed with a strange cell of three cells ... Marcus (Clovis Cornillac) a brute transsexual, Marcus' Päquerette (Dimitri Rataud), a dear toy. He tastes what he feels (and there is a prison sentence for his six-month-old sister) and maintains "his" position as his mother, and Professor Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat. breakfast (... the last day he spoiled his wife). The film reads Carrere in the film, as he reads reading the book, trying to understand the meaning of hope to leave his prison. Carrer loves his son, and he thinks that his wife is going to take her for granted. When he betrays himself, Carrère begins to slowly begin his hatred and wants to see and love his beloved son. Marcus's hardest criticism of races is that he wants the woman to be fully desirable, but still features some of the masculine features, such as escaping and escaping. He speaks hard and uses his muscles as a horror tactic, but deep inside are a vulnerability world. Pâquerette is under Marcus's control, and he plays like a dog with his master ... Here's a worrying scene that Päquerette's fed up with Marcus! Lassalle is a mystery that is open to us to understand what lies behind the self and the infamous brain. Without doubt the intellectual and the secrets of others, Lassalle is the one who maintains the motivation to get the secrets of the book. Soon, those who do not threaten the book seek to escape "true", not from the four cell walls, but the cell that detains their true desires. After a murder, the book is thrown into the room with a wonderful character, entering a movie with a camera, as if it were a new occupant ... who is this and how the power of a book understands it. better yet how to use it This movie is a constant continuation of prisoners who often see themselves outside the world. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I could see this movie. It plays "Monkey's Paw", they get what they want, but a price must be met. There is a dirt in the film, amazing moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is, first of all, a story story. Gore is the result of the release of the book. A team member hangs in the air while his body is twisted, and thus reveals the massacre that has left the awful act of inauguration after a man's desire. In the end, we will see the fate of Danver, with a magnificent sequence of special effects that melt a baby. The fate of Lassalle is a sequence of magical effects. Maléfique, according to Eric Valette, has always kept my attention and, for being isolated in such a movie ... (95% of the film takes place in a special location, prison). drag I think they prove to be interesting actors and characterizations that are fascinating, to name a supernatural tale, to drive them.
