I think I've seen some titles and not just the new Sherlock Holmes movie, but I've seen all the films directed by Guy Ritchie. Twice a year. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and one of the most prominent Revolver is why. This movie is a very different view of Ritchie, compared to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch with comparatively. Revolver creates us for a psychological thriller, which looks like a game, because it depends on a set of enemy unexpected and did not have a guided tour to recover. Seeing the reputation of André Benjamin in OutKast, he has been responsible for his theater's ability, Mr. Ray Liotta. D / Macha maniazal plays Mark Strong's famous character, Sorter. <br /> <br /> The tycoon owner of the Macha casino is sent, in jail Jack uses his solitary time, to make Macha humiliate and compensate his hand for seven years. When he won a card game and earned a decent amount of Macha, Jake is in the face of death and falls and must leave for three days with an incurable illness. A group of credit sharks, however, give you an answer and a card for life. If he works alone, and if he works for money, he's all in a boat to drop Macha and show him how dangerous Jake is. He has done it himself. Along with the horrid fall of death, and having some money shark money a day for his money, Jake also has to face a sorter hit, a successful man from Macha's job. The depth of the story When Jake realized that some prisoners with solitary times might well have a loan shark team going to Jake, everything seems to make Jake miserable. Enter. In the face of this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi Jake's Jake show how it has become lonely, having only one company of its own, and Jake's Jake could even make Jake their own. The film sheds light on Jake and Macha's modest process, as well as their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the movie is at the height of the delinquency world. and the characters that appear therein. Although Ritchie's previous films have many retrospectives, he still has experience in conversation, clutter, and gangster genre. It also allows you to enjoy a modest and travel trip to mask your ability to overcome your needs or predetermined notions so that you want or accomplish everything you need. The characters are well-taken care of in this film, out of all sides and true Trendy Ritchies, all linked to a few spots on everyone's themes. I'd keep this movie and its hues nuanced, but I still do not want to overdo it if you do not want to watch it yet. <br /> <br /> It can take a few steps to go through all the intricate layers, but it's a great movie and it's got to be seen. If you are lucky, and you do not see a clear US release, you can get the original UK version as if it were a good talk show with your friends. In early 2006 I saw with my team and we are still talking about it, with today's little things. He has achieved the status of his worship and deserves the Ritchie box and he deserves a little bit as a movie that breaks his rule. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "I'm afraid or scared, but I think it's special. We share dependency. We support junkies."
