If possible, I recommend that families show this to only elderly people. Some things in this movie might be more troublesome for the little ones to handle. Now, that's not the way, let's just let's get over this movie. This is actually a male fox documentary, which initially protects its territory and seeks a pair. It starts with a beautiful sunglasses and beautiful music. He breathes You'd better soak your landscape, you'll get it. ugly later They gave names of fox and crazy, but I can not remember what they are. He is fighting my male invader to win his love. Later, they create a cave and nonsense. He creates four adorable children; one of them is blind. There are many happy and playful foxhands, but there are bad tragedies and luck. The first victim is a blind dog. The second victim is a mother, who kills and robs robberies while a deceased deceives a hungry chicken hanging. Knowingly walks through a pedestrian trap. While trying to escape, it breaks a part of his foot, killing death. Male is now forced to take a single father, mother and father. It only has to teach the skills they need for life. After all, it proves not enough. on their own; due to the indiscretion and cruelty of mankind. I will not surprise you with an amazing end, but the farmer and his dog can close their tail. And the deserved end is after the audience and the fox family. When I saw something that came out in the early 1980s, I wanted to say I had a thing called Showbiz Cable. I only saw 4 years old, but I could not understand why they did not leave me. See everything. Now I know why, when I first saw Disney, when I was 9, I felt emotionally gutted when I saw all that bad that happened to me. To do this, it's a goal. Let people stop what happens to these types of animals, and why they are at risk. This documentary wanted to receive a message about this endangered species and I expected to work. It is not false Like Disney's True Life Nature films, they do not teach why animals disappear. To attack the earth, to kill it. out of the fox's prey, and the nonsense murder of these beautiful animals; That's why they are compromised. I would like to see if they want to keep watch over this film (Glacier Fox 2005) better. About a dog that grows Teresa and her brothers and sisters. This movie also reflects what happens in human families, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. The surviving parent takes both of them and tries to teach this. Important life lessons. It is not always enough to protect adults when they are older, especially when some lives are ruined. Or the tragedy victims die for them. It's good that I've never heard the soundtrack and music score.
