OK ... so far this movie is aimed at critics and board writers (although it is a defender of the devil, the criticism suggests that people from the film director did not have people, and the poster posters often have people who do not want to be a critique So I wanted to sit on the corner of Guy Guy, a magical sponge, maybe I'd like to get some people out of the way to see that movie, accepting their collective nose. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake of the movie is unexpectedly complicated. This is often seen as "inaccessible" to the viewer. The film's timeline is quite non-linear and the characters are not only used for storytelling, but to show a subtle (or not so subtle) footprint that gives us things that give us remembrance. Character tragedically pathetic (Statham's POV) or quiz and bold (Liotta's) of a branding character of "branding" POV). Ritchiek Revolver is just an example of a mock-mumed movie, we have a quite archetypical story (a strong but silent anti-hero releases the jail to score, but draws it on it ... I want to say it unconsciously to corruption in a world ... I paint the numbers of black cinema here, that is, in addition to the poetic selection of poetry and diction, but Guyk has taken this number for a number of very philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene by Jason Statham, the character behind the car This sequence of discs was emitted by the film and did not give any difference to the story ... but Ritchie points out something such a small event, such as receiving a phone call, is the difference between life and death. <br /> <br /> So the last action of the movie is quite amazing, I would say p * ss, I said I was "uh" in the last 20 minutes ... no? " ... but that is the main reason to deny art. It is very easy to hate something because it is difficult to understand. And even easier said "no one understood, so the movie must be real!" In my low opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature element of modern art, and it is a must-see as Saatchi Brothers's work. If we choose this option collectively, "Oh, I really wanted a movie about a burden of bleeding" cockney gangster in-loll ... Guy Ritchie is tit! "Then it will come when the film director only accepts what they are expecting from them, because Guy has named himself with a fun crunch of the same name, it does not mean he can not do it without being" pretentious. "Funny people can be thought-provoking.
