Now I have read some negative reviews for this show on the web, and I'm really upset. Everyone can imagine that Sopranos does not have TV, I'm afraid I do not know what the world was. Tell me something I've watched many TbV shows, such as Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. All these shows were lost after the first season, especially with Lost and Prison Break, which is why I refuse to say that the companies took 2 great ideas and they did it with more than one season. Then we have Sopranos. Actually, I can see that I'm the only television show I have ever seen is fascinated throughout the season, and more importantly, all its sections. This show has no brilliant department. Conference: it is beautiful. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors, and I feel that his actor is absolutely wonderful in every section, after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liota to play Tony, I thought it was a better option. The sections, I know that HBO did a great job in James Tony. The raw emotions shown are excellent. Then Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remember Johnny Ola Godfather Part 2) and my two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. . All actors play the best quality, and they all give a great performance in every section. Then we have the story, I have never sucked before a T.V show. The story is very good. Each episode is excellent and the score of this show is wonderful. I think Soprano repeatedly and I can not be bored as a spectacle. It is used by ridiculous humor and wild violence, but it will always be the best TV always, and I want to find a real mistake against anyone. It's not only that they say it's violent, or that they think Tony's immoral nature means that the mafia show is the last day, I do not think the characters will be very sincere or righteous to God. . I all say that because I believe in watching this show, you can relate it to the first episode; I was there and, in addition, they found me several people, I had the show that they denied me first. Believe me, when I say that this show is Godsend, what you're next to on the television, after seeing the first season, you can not agree with me again, I will say that it is a television and TV. The current or future of Sopranos will surprise you.
