"The Sopranos", "The Godfather" is another gift of megahit, but also plays dramatic mafia dramatically and somewhat glamorous "The Sopranos". With homes like Lake Tahoe and casinos in Vegas, there is no fairy-tale, such as goombs, waste management, falling into the back of trucks, topless bars, protective money. What were the mafia of the neighborhood people? <br /> <br /> The colorful characters dominate the series that does not rely on sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) has two wives and two children, a wife and two children living in New Jersey, who suffers from terrorist attacks by biological families trying to balance their mafia. To go to the bottom of the attack, he sees a psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid and at the same time attracted. Tony's actress - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the title maker), his good friend Pussy - are people who are completely proud. <br /> <br /> While we are studying throughout the series, there are not only enemies, but inside, and one of those enemies is Tony's mother, but it is horrible (Nancy Marchand), which Junior convinces Tony to be a threat to himself. Tony's sister, Janice, in the mother's house, looks for money with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems with lovers and his wife (Edie Falco) loves him a lot, because he loves his loved one, keeping in touch with Catholic religion. "The church divorces her toes," a woman told her about a division. "Let the Pope live with him", the answer is. Regarding the problems of Tony's wife, her psychiatrist has stressed that Tony is attracted to women and never gives anything, and asks if he knows. Yes, it's like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am a native of Italy, both of which show Italians negatively and that all Italians are boys. However, you can not like this show, which is constantly reminiscent of our culture. (Thanksgiving is stressed, it is not turkey and sweet potato: antipasto, manicured, meatballs and dumplings, and then a bird!) Not worth mentioning, the correct pronunciation of words melenzana (mullinyan). Tony escarole, manicotti and so on. The only thing about Tony is that the Italian does not have a basement, some of my family's inions (except for my parents, they never had one). <br /> <br /> The items in this show are Gandolfini, as a gangster against antidepressants, as Falco, his wife as brilliant as Bracco and Jennifer tortured. But everyone is excellent. If you take violence and language, it's a great show, the unstoppable portrayal of New Jersey's underworld life.
