I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I go into my video collection, which is my favorite. It's interesting to me how MIDNIGHT COWBOY was born in 1969 that it was so impressive that it was named X by the audience. Of course, X was at the time Maturity. When I released the movie for just two years, it's hard to imagine how many people it was at that time. However, I noticed that many of the topics covered in the film are prostitution (the title was a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; Excessive and physical (and somehow emotional) medications are difficult for many people to talk about that day. To start, I think that the viewers of this movie warns. It is noteworthy that, in the 1970s, MIDNIGHT COWBOY had dropped to R rankings and still rated R still, some scenarios would be rated by PG-13 almost by current standards. <br /> <br /> I would like to briefly describe the Earth's crust, although it's probably known to anyone who has heard the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck in Texas, decides he can decide to increase it as a wealthy female man from New York. It emulates cowboy actors such as Roy Rogers, wearing a cowboy outfit, thinking she'll be amazed by women. After dismissing all the women he has discovered, he meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, a shameless man, who plays Dustin Hoffman. Ratso believes that Joe can do all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is confused and has no homeless for a long time. However, he will find Joe Ratso and he is invited to stay in a bad apartment. Without much more on the plot, I mean that they make the rest of the movie with Joe and Ratso while they try to help each other while trying to dream. For example, Joe thinks he can recover his health as a gigolo and he goes down to Ratso Florida. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the film. First of all, the play is excellent, especially the director. Although the movie really is very sad from the beginning to the end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, while there are some scenes that do not want to be fun, it seems fun to me. For example, Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight have a classic scene running on a city street and running almost a taxi. Dustin Hoffman plays in the cabin and says "Hey, here I am walkin! I'm here!" I make a kick from that scene, because it's so much in New York, because many people are in a hurry. Another scene that is released is Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) Joe (Jon Voight), a scene sent to a man named O'Daniel. It's fun to start O'Daniel gigolos, and we think Joe is so excited, but then we realize O'Daniel is not a pure nutrition. In addition to the two scenes that I have mentioned, Ratso and Joe love the scene that discusses in their apartment, says Ratso Joe, that his cowboy clothing only attracts homosexuals and Joe defends himself as a madman! "I like the distribution of that scene. <br /> <br /> I would like to say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set to the end of the 60's, it is still true today, which is why the 42nd street in New York Although it has been disguised as a Disneyfication in recent years, homelessness is still dominant over the past 40 years, many people dream of dreams as dreams come true, just as Jon Voight's personality is surprising about Jon Voight's character the nauena is a way of life and I liked it at the end of the movie, and I felt Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good effect. <br /> <br /> Finally, I mean I would suggest seeing at least two times watching this movie, because there are so many things to follow For example, it seems that there are some flashbacks and dream sequences that have been more sensible, after some points of view. I also find it interesting to have this movie a lot It is interpreted as what is left in interpretation, such as Joe Buck (with Jon Voight's character) and people who lived in Texas. Even though I do not want to see it until the end of the movie, it's open.
