It is not expected that it would be based on the assumption of the timeless masterpiece, but in 1969 "Midnight Cowboy" is still an actor that opens the view of both young actors. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of the time, at the end of the 1960s, American films were expressively expressive, but it still raises the story as loneliness and bondage resonance. no matter how long. The cinematographic influence of the film can be felt in the sensible emotionality found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> Meander's plot Joe Buck, young Texan boy, decides to go to Manhattan. wealthy women's rental. If there is no full power but no power, it fails, but it is not necessarily bankrupt, although it is less financial. "Ratso" meets a nasty and sick little thief called Rizzo, since Joe sees an easy pawn. Both of them become dependent on each other, and Rizzo Joe begins to manage. Things come to mind at a psychedelic party, a drug-infected party, where Joe pays for the last minute customer. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets sick and both go to Florida to get a better life. This is not a story that seems to all of us, some of them are still embarrassing for a robbery and robbers to become sympathetic figures, but their predecessors feel true feelings. <br /> <br /> The main role in the first, Jon Voight inevitably pulled Joe's paper bravada slim and sexual insecurity. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman sums up a solid and post-graduate "The Graduate" and plunges herself into a personal and hopeful breakdown of Joe's incredible compatibility with Joe. The honesty of their portraits is the treatment of Schlesinger's film, which at that time impedes the Times Square district. The director also effectively incorporates flashbacks and fantastic sequences to meet fragile psychotic characters. Credits have to go to the chatroom so that deep cynicism can not overcome the story's patty. Other performances are only about the trips of the protagonists, such as the Brenda Vaccaro party, the Joe party, the Sylvia Miles matrix, the John McGiver religious and Barnard Hughes as a loner. . <br /> <br /> The 2006 two-disc disk package has a print transfer of 1994 restoration and commentary for the producer Jerome Hellman, unfortunately Schlesinger and Salt have not yet lived. On the second album there are three great performances: a documentary "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later", Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and archives. Voight screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which analyzes the initial X grade and the response to the public movie; and homage to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger."
