Midnight Cowboy opens the door with a Drive In, singing vocals by Joe Buck (Jon Voight). She is singing a cowboy song, the same thing she wants. Joe lives his life in Texas and New York goes to the dream of many women and even more money. She is dressed as a cowboy character, but she's taken seriously as a cartoonist, or her friends. The trip starts at NYC and we can quickly see how diluted Joe has the interaction with other travelers. This is, above all, Joe's story to make hard realities in real world. <br /> <br /> It begins as a very southern holiday, thinking that NYC can do its best. There is no other reason to think otherwise, as they helped in the past; We learn from many flashbacks that have this. At the beginning, they shoot flashbacks, as they are so absurd. They are foggy and the voices sound like they're remotely sounding, they're leaving the past. However, Joe deepens and deepens the reality of NYC's atmosphere, his past is seen more, it is no longer avaliable, but engraved with red, white and white, with quick edits, to represent the cruelest nature of past events. This is mainly seen as being attacked by his girlfriend and his rape. In one of these flashbacks we see a brick construction made of brickwork. This is the reflection of Joe's way of dissolving itself; Once he's taken, he's naivety to fall on her. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) are very ill and hardly eat food; Joe realizes he can not live his life away, he imagined that he did not see a red underworld in New York. He reflects how his unconscious reflects his real life. <br /> <br /> The trend also serves as a mirror in Ratso, but in the opposite way; It's the role of Ratso Joe. Joe is a beautiful and strong man and, most of all, has a good exterior look. Ratso, on the other hand, the first time we saw him sitting next to Joe, we can say that it is the opposite. It's short, dark, and it always covers sweat. He understands how the world works, because it is unforgivable and sometimes you do not try hardest it will fail; just like his father. They live in the same world, as well as the same apartments, but they understand things in totally different levels. <br /> <br /> The topic of alienation, which is common at the time, is very evident in this film. . Joe or Ratso are not included in their cultural surroundings. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to NYC and is still an outsider. Ratso, who lives in the cold of NYC, wants to go to the sunny Florida and thinks he'll find a good life there. However, this is his ideal, from the point of view of Ratso's point of view, it seems that he will never enter into society. In the fantasy picture, people around him are activated, once again, he is an outsider, but a society as a stranger. <br /> <br /> Eventually, the stretch between Joe and Ratso is tightened. Joe confronts violence; It takes the city's mindset to finance a way to get money to finance it and Ratso. Travel Joe has never seen clothing in a store that has no outfitted clothing. He is wearing someone who looks to go on holiday to Florence. Ratso dressed in the same way; They enter into a new society that is entering, but it is useless. After murdering Ratso on the bus, other travelers look back on the outside. In this new culture they can not even meet the delays that are taking place in these films. Although Ratso's death and Joe's delay, Joe tells his new knowledge that he can create a better and better life for the world. Midnight Cowboy is a tough reality and alienation society, a great movie about Voight and Hoffman's great shows.
