John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" is perhaps the most outstanding film of the X film of the Academy's Academy ever to receive the best Oscar. Without a doubt, I had the first way to know that, and to be completely honest, I did not expect much film. I thought it would not be horrible, but I did not think I'd like to say a movie like that. This is one reason why you never trust your instincts in these habits? Star-starring, an ambitious direction and a memorable soundtrack ("everyone talks to me, I do not say a word") makes a striking combination of this movie, which has never been released as one of the best exploration of life, naivety and friendship. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (the next young Jon Voight), proudly proud of cowboy, travels from Texas to New York, looking for a new life, a male prostitute. But women do not pay money for their services, and Joe lives in extreme poverty, as money supplies begin to dry. In these efforts, Joe will meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), who will not be able to get rid of the petty-fugitive patient, at first Joe wants to get him out of all his money. When they realize that both are in the same situation, Ratso is going to sleep Joe and, working together, they try to make a cool and fascinating metropolis in New York (especially shamelessness). /> <br /> Joe himself believed that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; However, her first business dangers will be paid by women (Sylvia Miles) for twenty dollars. Although he thinks he has enough intelligence, he is just as evil as Ratso Joe. Ratso, with his painful scratch and cough, always assures himself that, if Miami's warmth travels alone, everything would be fine. The worst hopes to make things easier are remembered by Lennie and George John Steinbeck's "Mice and Men" classic novel. <br /> <br /> Especially shot in the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy Life is a realistic look at a cottage. Seeing the movie, we are feeling almost in the quiet and soothing residences of Ratso, our joints are rigid from the winter cold. This operation, this highly realistic, contributes both to Voight and to Hoffman, portraying two decadent lows of modern society. Hoffman is, in particular, a special role in his role (here I am walkin '!' I'm here! "), After graduating from" The Graduate "in 1967. These two stars were nominated for Best Actor Oscars (Sylvia Miles in five minutes they were nominated for good acting actors, though they eventually lost John Wayne to "True." Grit. Midnight Cowboy finally won seven Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, Schlesinger's Director the best and the best Waldo Salt writer. <br /> <br /> It's mostly told about 'Midnight Cowboy' online. Although Joe's past flashbacks are numerous, they explain how these short episodes explain how the audience thinks about it. They can make it happen, and how would the circumstances happen that Joe is still on the way. The last scene is boring, it leaves us with clear expectations, but we have great uncertainties: 'Midnig The cowboy styles are thoughtful and fascinating from all eras.
