"Midnight Cowboy" was never an excellent movie, but it's classic. It seems to be a classic whose thematic song, when Everybody's Talking begins (it's not really written for the movie), and the way it's with Joe Buck (nude and showers). We saw Jon Voight before, but we never really noticed, but told us that he is a 'horseman' who will question him? It was a great performance to understand the character and character of the iconic stars, and if Voight had not done anything else, here his performance would be legendary. Voight is rarely disappointed on the screen; An "Anaconda" ham made of this wonderful waste is also a source of pleasure. <br /> <br /> The film has been famous and wicked almost all night long. The referee was pleasant (even at the bottom ended) fun and sexy and "real"; (At the end of the Sixties and all the characters were true). The first "X" film that won the Academy Award for Best Anniversary Photo. Waldo Salt was the first commercial movie directed by James Leo Herlihy (brilliantly), probably due to "taboo" issues, such as homosexuality and drug abuse. Everyone is known to be human, warts and all, and everyone treats sympathetically. Voight's Joe Buck is innocent abroad, a Candida candidate coming to New York to find his wealth (a glamorous and no-breeding profession, a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But when he was called by a buzzing little man called 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, from "The Graduate" it's fresh and revealing), he realizes that reality is different from the pipe. -dream <br /> <br /> Basically it is a male love story (though it is totally platonic), it seems two do not seem to be among colleagues. Both are absolutely alone, both absolutely necessary both become the sponsor of the other ((Voight, his physical abilities, with Hoffman with his wise street). They are measures that are far from law, peculiarities and deviations of others. Although "straight", Voight is not a homosexual encounter One of the boys in a 42nd Street movie, much more lonely than it is. (The whole movie is a strange attitude of "Christianity.") It also plays well. While Voight and Hoffman hold the whole screen, Brenda There are excellent cartoons such as Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as numerous John McGiver, Bob Balaban, and Bernard Hughes, as well as hangers-on, and John Schlesinger's management gives him a feeling of a documentary as well as an eye-catching eye that has completely dismantled the American foreign stomach. Also, without a ruler and without criticism. In the second thought, maybe the movie is excellent, after all.
