Fear is perhaps that logic is not always one of the two genres that prides itself on the imagination. We all know that murderers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface would not be able to endure much pain and fight for another day. Most of us do not think that zombie dead is really lifted to attack people and eat brains. And let's hope, at least, that many people know that crimes that are not included in funerals and ancient palaces will not be against them. That's where the imagination is victorious. Most of the horror and film usually stop us from disbelief in a couple of hours, and we will only go there. This is usually not a problem when I see the bouncing balls thrown down on the stairs of George C. Scott, or I see an invisible looking bassman looking for three farmer near Burketsville. But I digesting a problem (without wanting to regurgitate) when it's a movie like this killer movie. It would be a great spoiler for anyone who looks at the murderer, and it would take everything that you look at, but it's enough to say that this movie really shows up to the last scene until the killer. There are too many incidents in the movie to make the murderer's personal sense. Even 90 minutes before, John Hough is a well-done block-made suspense. If the movie has offered another killer, I'm really around. You may not be able to completely disassociate the movie, but believe that anyone who watched the movie is sure to agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully reproduced Erin Flannery) have recently changed to this small New England town. Cordell is the widest widow and it is not clear how her wife died. We will see some flashback scenes that a mysterious woman (the only one who assumes herself) sets the back of the ground in one of the many abysses. His face is bloody and his eyes closed. Again, I am not sure who this is and what is important to the story, but there it is. Cassevetes, it's worth mentioning, the least chance is rare. Cordell is a loving father, but her love for her daughter seems to be a bit more than her parents. There are some scenes option an incestuous suggestion. It's never been accomplished, but it seems apparently omnipotent, but somewhere under the proverbial rug. Fortunately, the movie never looks at this element of this relationship, but it makes you uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seems like a cross between John Leslie and James Caan. It's a deceptive smile and you're in a bad and nasty voice and you'll notice it. But it seems as if it were dressed in a business luncheon at every scene. He has a mild, bad, flamboyant and uncomfortable way around him. He never really looked at this film. Writing writers, directors and Cassevetes themselves. It was always something that always worried about his nature. <br /> <br /> A great note of the story begins, because two lovers swim in the local quarry. At one time there is a dense old change and, as we see, it sees something or someone. When the young man gets out of the truck for a short period of time, a young woman is buried, just to play a joke. He was attacked after he was there. The young man plays undercover and looks for him and puts his nails on the table. Hough slowly brings the young man into the room, looks at him in a refreshing room and enters his corner with his lover, and then he gets the boy. It is a very tense moment and the film begins with a direct note. <br /> <br /> A young man named Tim, a stranger, has a dumb dream. A woman bound in a chamber of torture surrounded by mantle covers. Tim seems to think that his dreams come true as he thinks he is murdering, because every murder occurs, because he has another dream. In a silent and calm kiss, you are a passionate female reporter and a strong and powerful local sheriff and all the necessary ingredients to make an imitation in a small town of Galena. <br /> <br /> Frequently throughout the film, most people are massacred, but most men kill extreme injuries and women are raped. This is my first (and very careful) essay, that is to say, that he does not know that he left me to believe me. Simply do not hit the right deal. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a good movie. The most striking, narrow, and most of the shows are very well done. Timek was aware of the dreams I saw, and I was keen to see the importance of the story and, finally, the murders. But when you get everything good in the film, you still have this stupid taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always more difficult to get rid of. <br /> <br /> From 10 to 7 it could be nine years. Bad.
