If you can see directly Sandra Bernhard, you'd better enjoy it. Last year I saw her in Los Angeles at the opening of Everything Bad and Beautiful tour, and I still do not believe I was in the front line and it was so wonderful that the experience of that show. He is currently in New York with the show, and comes along with his premiere debut "Without You I'm Nothing Nothing." Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone has lost, but Sandra is still among us. Patti Smith is missing action but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand remains in her head more than once, but Sandra continues to work harder than Babs. Okay, I want to know, Mrs. Bernhard is one of those influential animators and more. I really wanted to promote this movie in truth, honesty, humor, eclectic song (the 70's Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, the Prince) and, therefore, the script that defines the decadence of 70s, joy, sadness, and fluctuations. and the 80s In my opinion, many comics (and I mean) have received a lot, have been well stolen from so many shows that Sandra himself does not. I do not name names, but come, people, you and I know who they are. See, it's a matter, Bernhard plays his rules. This movie shows live performances as true performers of the old school shows and is an interpreter. His performances reminiscent of the jazz clubs (Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk) in the 70's, concerts in television shows, cabaret performances and Judy Garland to all of Joan Jett's. Most comedians could not touch Sandra or where he would go. So I was here, one year ago, to watch at Sandra's Silent Movie Theater, which was absolutely wonderful and happy. I wanted to look after the show, I gave him something, which meant something to me, and that would mean something. But I hear my copy of Giving Til it Hurts, and just thank you in prayer, make me laugh, make me think, make me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady and you can not refuse to neglect the talent escaping from the scene. He is still here, damn, Without You I'm Nothing, after publishing 15 years ago. And it looks great, by the way. I know first, a member of the theater said to another: "SO FUNNY ... and it still looks incredible! If you can not live yet, watch the movie. I think, I see Sandra seeing that. It seems a lot to me that attacked me In a tough time, I can send you an email, please do it. It will stay away and it's enough for me. Come, people, give it to me!
