Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, moves into a big house next to a small town, where he teaches at the University of Maine. With her, her wife Rachel and her two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. Soon they met their neighbor, and Judd Crandall, the old man. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel of the road that runs through his house (which is constantly used by large trucks) but also to show them. A pet near the home. Judd starts talking about the importance of mascot cemetery, but Rachel is not talking to her children about death and spirituality, but her sister Zelda dies after the trauma. <br /> <br /> In the first week in the new house, Louis has already died: a student who was injured in a car accident, Victor Pascow, directs the dead words to Louis, although two men are unknown. After Pascow's death, Louis thinks he has a lively dream, who knows Pascow and leads him to a pet cemetery and warns Louis that "you do not need." Louisa awakens the next day, convinced she is only dreaming, until her feet and dirt and pine-covered beds are taken. However, he refuses to dream. There are a lot of strange things and the church, Ellie's cat, dies on the road. Louis is worried about the death of the Church with Ellie, but Judd, who sympathizes with him, Louis carries a pet cemetery, allegedly burying the church. But instead of staying there, Judo goes to Louis to travel to the "terrible real cemetery": the ancient buried ground Micmace ('... Indians ...'). There, Louis will start the instruction of Cat for the Jews, because they lived the animals that were buried there. And that's where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, this movie looks good to me. It's not the fear of all of them, but I saw it as one of the best horror movies. As Gage dies, it is almost impossible to stay in your memory, especially if it is a baby. It's good to see Stephen King's funeral in the funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are scripting scripts: how can a rich medicine have two small children and where there is a dangerous road near their home? How does Gage not scratch or attack a truck? Why is it that Louisa continues to revive all of her family members as monsters? Such things do not make sense, but I understand that all horror scripts have to work with Surrealist ideas. <br /> <br /> This is a good thing to see in this movie. If you live with your children, regardless of your religion or atheist, and avoiding important issues, it does not help. Louis was afraid of being Ellie, and he was afraid to say nothing about his cat again, the whole nightmare began.
