It is the adaptation of Stephen King's "Pet Sematary". The story continues in Creeds: an American, middle-class family that moves to a country house. The family consists of Louis and Rachele, and their two little children, Ellie and their children, Gage. The house can not be better and, along with the family, there is an elderly man, Jud, who lives along the road. One day he drives the old road through the woods, when he collects a pet cemetery - he has many tombs of animals. And beyond, there is a sacred Indian in the possession of a curious Indian. When the family cat, the Church, dies, Louis thinks it's better to bury it in the cemetery - and surprisingly, soon the Church will live. Well, then, there is something wrong, now it was not the cat itself. When a tragic accident takes on the life of Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept to resurrect his dead son ... unfortunately, he did not achieve much more than he did. <br /> <br /> Esteban read King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than cinema. Let's not let the movie be bad because it is not there - the book is better. The real power of this movie is a curious tale, but it is very original, it's something that King's story is commonly known. The script is very well adapted to the story, while in some respects it is very small, the page screen transformation is quite good. They are there, and there are not a few parcels in the ground. In addition, this movie is really terrifying and is intended to achieve this. The movie is a very disturbing scene, and I should say that Zelda's sister Rachel is the first flashback sequence. Honestly, that's one of the most awesome things I've ever seen in a horror movie, it's not bloody and bloody, it's just wicked. One thing is certain, this picture will not leave you with your head. <br /> <br /> The films in this film were completely matched and I had no problems. This movie is really gory on the side, there are a lot of rough little sequences of gore dogs out there, including a shocking ending. I really liked the way the movie ended, it was violent and quite inappropriate, but this way it worked better in all things. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie. We recommend those who love Stephen King or, generally speaking, fans of the genre. The story is the biggest asset of the film and it's horrible. I would like to say one of Stephen King's best adaptations. 7/10.
