The ring was written by Hitchcock himself as a solo script and, like many of his first images, he works with triangular love. At first glance, it seems cynical upgrade to comic book of Cecil B. De Millen's morality comic, but Hitchcock's first picture is more than just that. Although they do not use suspicious thriller ideas or motives, they developed at least suspense creation tools. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a German Expressionist student, he was rhythmic. Sergei Eisenstein's style of editing was influenced by Hitchcock. But here he has held not only with changes but with the content of the images. This is evident from the initial drawings, where the spinning site will set a great walk. And like Eisenstein, the style of editing seems like a sound? For example, when the shot of the bell bands flashed in the second half, we almost hear the sound of the inconsistency because the image is so confusing. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is also a contrast, especially in mute movies in the US, the Ring does not add too many title tickets. As far as possible, it is transmitted by means of images, and Hitch has sufficient permission for the audience to make the reading of the lips or at least the sense of the speech of the characters. And it does not do everything that makes the symbolism or the investment in excess, the right angle and the right time, especially with the shots of the views, as well as some solid and subtle performances. Unfortunately, there are too many revealing expression devices (especially double exposure), many of which were not necessary, but much less than The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Make outstanding citations. for the aforementioned actors. First of all, the protagonist Carl Brisson is incredibly beautiful and talented. Despite being his talent, I first began to confuse why he got it, why, honestly, he's just a dancer rather than a boxer. But this is just a show, how much I know, it turns out that Brisson was indeed an experienced professional boxing and theater inexperienced. His opponent considered Ian Hunter, would be competent, will be a long career, up to 60 years to help the right roles. The most demanding role in The Ring must be given by Lillian Hall-Davis, divided between two lovers. However, it is very successful with an emotional and understandable performance, and it is shameful for her career to never survive. And finally, the excellent Gordon Harker offers a very convenient role. <br /> <br /> The scene of the battle against ring The climate is one of Hitchcock's most spectacular moments of silence. Martin Scorcese directed Raging Bull to the scenes that he directed, The Ring, when he directed his scene as "Riding the Ring". The Ring's fight begins with some long shots, but when the action increases, Hitchcock leaves us in the middle, close shots and perspectives. Hitchcock's goal has always been that the viewer has been involved, and this has been essential in his career when he was often immersed in the fear or paranoia of the character of his successful success. <br /> <br /> The ring is actually lower than the Note, but it is a smaller but better known Lodger. It's a much smoother and more professional job than the previous image, and probably the best of all its silent traits.
