As a writer of John Le Carre, I'm slowly working on both books and their molds. I found the adaptation of my masterpiece of the Carrega 1987 in my local library and sat down to see what I expected. I was surprised at this miniseries when I overcame my expectations, the fine cross between spy thriller and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gave Magnus Pym a great title, the title's perfect spy. . Following the tradition of the main characters of Le Carre, Pym is probably the best. Egan plays with Pym (which has a lot of tone in the author of Le Carre), as a man who is forced to betray his whole life and sometimes without circumstances and sometimes betray himself as a "perfect spy" . Egan perfects Pym's behavior, always as a race man, but not from others, but himself. Egan only makes this six-hour hour of the miniseries deserving to see his performance alone. <br /> <br /> Egan is a double support that surrounds it. Ray McAnally's one of his best performances is based on the father of Pym's father, Rick, (as Carre suggests). McAnally plays a man who takes life out of Python and turns Pym into a "perfect spy". Indeed, if McAnally would not be a British Coupen a year later, it would be the best performance that would be very short for his career too short. The rest of the support is also excellent. Caroline John, with Pym's mother Alan Howard, became the spy guardian of Rüdiger Weigang as the young PyMen's friend with Jane Booker's controller with Pym's wife. A special mention should be made of young Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who set young youths who make three young actors playing Peter Egan so well. <br /> <br /> Miniseries' production values ​​are also strong. These stories, which were shown by Minibuia Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People, can only be counted in the miniseries format. Locations are excellent English for those scattered in Eastern Europe and the United States, just like Chris Edwards. Elmer Cossey's film adds an extra layer of realism to the world of the miniseries. However, the miniseries is an underscore script. <br /> <br /> Arthur Hopcraft has begun work to adapt the novel of about six hundred pages. The novel was largely (at least in its first part) autobiographical and the early life of Pymen was repeated throughout life of John Le Carre. The screenplay of this miniseries is no exception, since Magnus Pym's development continues as a "perfect spy" for young people. Never mind the inequalities of miniseries in the context of the world of spying in the context of the human drama. If you really want to try, an spy thriller would prove to be a fierce fight that can be tense and fascinant, a fist fighter or a persecution of the James Bond-style car. While the miniseries last more than six hours, it will never lose moment, which is why it is much better. <br /> <br /> Although some may be long for those who are not very careful. to be seen. With Peter Egan and Ray McAnally, with good production value and good literary writing, one of the best miniseries that can be seen is A Perfect Spy. The journey is a wonderful journey through the Cold War, but it's more than that. Joan Leun Carre also has a journey called "a secret path": a man who must lie in the path of the spy and survive. As a spy on a human drama thriller, Perfect Spy should not be missed.
