Weissmuller Tarzan has a whole series on DVD (completely renewed) and I never saw them watching. My favorite is "Tarzan and His Mate", with the illustration of Maureen O'Sullivan's dress and almost all of her under the skin that is hanging in front of her genital face. Before anyone claimed A - It was not really his, or B - It was not really what it looks like, let me tell you I've seen it a lot of time, in high zoom mode, and believe me ... IS. His, AND, under this mask, is totally naked ... many times, especially when he was worried about lying down the lion, slowing down and maximizing the maximum zoom, he shows that he had a shaved hair covered with a dark hair. ... There is no mistake. In terms of being doubled in the "skin" sphere of the swimming pool, it is double, BUT NO "skin" or anything else is worn ... again, they want to see the slow movement and the maximum zoom. Now, this debate outside of this road, let the real movie ... I thought the script was very well thought out and well-written ... The action sequences were excellent, though, of course, the rokin was the horsemen. Weissmuller fights against a great male lion ... The use of second-level African plane plans fits perfectly with the studio and US locations, which is sometimes difficult to know. Do not worry too much, remember that 90 percent of all films are fake, so relax and enjoy the damn thing with a big popcorn, cold beer, and a new smoked smoke ... sexy and girlfriend or wife are not ready offline ... lol. Oh ... the last word about nudity ... at the beginning, while the white hunters are conversing, keep in front of the background ... Some African naked girls are shot in the spot. behind. Another thing is that the movie is not racist, according to the 1930s standards ... people thought and depicted in color. At that time, Shaft did not even think about accepting their portraits in the course of history. Safaris really used luggage for the natives who were dressed up ... and Tiny's character killed a heroic death for white and jane hunters. In fact, when Gene Autry began to have his original Western American and colored people real to his Western realities, Hollywood was beginning to feel like a real man.
