"Tarzan and His Mate", the second image of MGM's Tarzan, comes after the events of "Tarzan the Ape Man". Tarzan and Jane are happily living in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first movie shooters) returns, this time with the non-honorable Martin Arlington looking for Ivory Cemetery in the Elephant Cemetery. Of course, there are a lot of dangerous and dangerous adventures on the way. <br /> <br /> The first film romanticizes everything: rainforest, adventure, romanticism, wild animals and death. The second film still has a great romanticism and has many wonderful action sequences, but the action is sharpened. The characters wonder boldly: if something happened in Tarzan? What would Jane do if she was involved in the middle of the jungle, and should she take care of herself? These are probably those questions that would be asked by real people in this situation, the attitude of the original that is always generated, as the wind is always fun. <br /> One of the most pleasing aspects of this film is the growth seen in Tarzan and Jane's relationship. Tarzan still speaks English, but he has clearly learned from his friend some new words. Besides, love for each other has really flourished, and we feel one year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people think "Tarzan and his mother" above the original. Ape Man. Personally, the first movie I liked a bit better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt and Martin Arlington is almost unpleasant with Holt's original James Parker (Jane's father). Arlington's character could work as a nasty movie, but he plays the hero with too many movies. The film can never decide on what he likes or hates. (Also, I do not want to give anything, but in a scene to be hated, Jane never knew about these events, so the end was not so enjoyable.) All these discussions are quite small and still a great movie. <br /> <br /> As one of the first films, the scenes of the amazing performances of "Tarzan and His Mate", like wildlife footage and one of the screens. the greatest Romans of all time. If you liked the first series of the series, this is definitely a watchmaker.
