Under the direction of fantasy, MGM's incorrect series of Tarzan are the latter. It's a first-class adventure. This suggestion: fine photography, imaginative strong features, a great theater, good simulated forest landscapes and an exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller has Tarzan, unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs, is a genre of mono-syllabic; But he is honest, loyal, courageous and courageous, and must be in this narrative. As Jane Parker, in his novels, was Jane Porter, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, and the script is also a sport that demands that quality. The lighting effects, wide sets and lights are quite unusual. This is an external adventure that was actually filmed on the back of MGM. Mutir The wonderful experience is a distant region, Tarzan and Jan can not survive; But the people who came to their idol in search of them, the sender of a civilization left Jane and Tarzan could not be comfortable. Harry Holt, who is still in love with him, tries to return to civilization with his friend; He is interested in dresses and perfumes, but he wants to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect himself against several wild animals, which looks like a human King King. The group tries to hunt down animals, and Tarzan welcomes Jane for the sake of great trap games; But at some point, the intention of obtaining the idea and fortune of ivory turns the minds of the expedition into minds. Tarzan is shot, he is dead; and the team could help Jane in an expedition following an elephant who is dying "the beautiful cemetery of the elephants". But a savage tribe protects the area and the lions attack them. Tarzan walks on an elephant that revives himself; In the most spectacular scene of spectacular elephants, Jane and her expedition are saving everything that goes back home, richer but much wiser, as Jane relies on her new relatives. The film's design friend was directed by Cedric Gibbons, and quite beautiful. His work and lighting are a great achievement of the entertaining and exciting movie, although it seems that Hollywood short-term deficiencies are real. Neil Hamilton's Harry is very good, Paul Cavanagh is better and then reveals that he is very bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry were professionally professionally cast. An unusual and well-known fantasy movie, interesting situations and solid conversations. Recommended.
