Ruth Snyder - Murder of Judd Gray In 1927, Ogden Nash inspired a Broadway work called Machinal. More famously, James M. Cain wrote two short novels, because anyone who knew who came to the place where the review was read - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became the classic black cinema in the 1940s, the double Indemnity was undoubtedly the perfect black ever made. Some of the real elements of Snyder-Gray's tale were captured by Cain: the old man and Albert Gray, Ruth's sex-high effort, Ruth and Judd's murder and complicated complicity and double compensation insurance clause. Missing items are, among other things, that Manhattan was a real city - Albert Snyder was a respected newspaper editor. Misleading and incorrect decisions were also taken to persecute them. <br /> <br /> Billy Wilder shot perfectly double indemnity with Cain. Let's dismiss Stanwyck's teddy, as one of those interesting film-making stories! Postman Always Rings Twice shot three times and Ossessione, the Italian version and the first Luchino Viscount movie, was the first of three versions. Before talking, Lana Turner - John Garfield would recommend the full version of 1946, and I'd recommend it to Jack Nicholson - a five-minute, five-minute, restaurant-style scene at the gorgeous sex scene in 1981. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not so black that duplicates the post. He has a neo-realistic look and is a great movie, but there are a lot of essential black items left. It has no waveguide lights and has no conventional camera angles. The dialog box is not boiling hard and the film works more characterization. It's the longest version of the story and gives it a great deal of characterization. Work is much more sexual than the Turner version. We have a very adulterating relationship and, of course, Giovanna is very symphonic. A new character enters the story - La Spagnola - is a homosexual. In the same way, the role of a dancer who shows him as a prostitute is very small but very well-behaved. <br /> <br /> This is a much more detailed analysis of the class of employees. The public gets a feeling of poverty and skin. The disappearance is a complete tramp, his wife is not a Lana Turner, and maybe even a prostitute before the wedding. His husband is a dark capitalist - owl, rude and arrogant. I think this movie was excellent casting. My only calf is a long running of the bulls. Everything is too long and it would be more efficient if it were cheaper. However, fans of black and realism definitely like Ossessione, as I have done.
