With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis, perhaps the former Greek theater's feeling was the first director of the screen. The script for the adaptation of Euripides' tragedy was not very easy, he also directed the other two trilogy films. In the version of Euripides, the story was carefully dissolved, and it was placed in a logical and chronological framework in accordance with the modern cinematographic storytelling methods. Cacoyannis Euripides' tragedy has also added some characters that appear in his film: Ulises, Calchas and the Navy. Euripides was able to make clear points about war, church, and government. In the end, Cacoyannis's "End of Ifigenia" is ambiguous compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> It was shot in Aulis. Giorgos Arvanitis, the director of photography, shows us a wonderful but beautiful Greece, since Homer has spent time since. It takes advantage of the body, dry land, debris, light and darkness. The hardness of the landscape is particularly appropriate for the characters' souls. The camera uses the full range of available shots, which, by far, enhances the landscape spread and destruction, as well as the human scale, which deals with extremist approaches to the soul of the sequenced characters. . In particular, the openness of the film, with a fast and fast track that continues with a ship wrecked on a ship, following the vision of thousands of aerial soldiers lying on the beach, is a huge political and military policy in Agamemnon. responsibility <br /> <br /> There is no word "sublime" to describe Costa Karmakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clitemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Ifigenia). Kazakos and Papas show the sublime classical Greek tragedy. The character of Kazakhs is on the ground, and the powerful look of his camera, more than his words, reveals the unpleasant misfortune that melts his soul. Irene Papas is the supremacy of classical Greek plays. In Ifigenian, its serious anguish, and even more, we know that we know it will be his revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, her first role on the screen, is notable for her portrayed innocent Iphigenia, that is, her father Agamemnon's simple representation of Agamemnon challenged. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis Euripides loyal to his representation Among other characters: Odysseus politician, Achilles, a pretty, dull, narcissistic warrior, Menalaus centered himself, obsessed with his honor, retaliated for revenge and restored his wife and property. br /> Costumes and sets are realistic: there is no Hollywood. Agamemnon's bedroom looks like a stables, like others, it uses simple and useful outfits. The royal caravan of Klitemnestra is made up of wooden wood chariots. <br /> <br /> Contemporary music is a prolific composer of contemporary composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis's score reveals dramatic and cinematic development, reflects the psychological aspect of the tragedy and increases its dimension and reality. <br /> <br /> This film narrates the great vision of the ancient world. This Greek thinking was part of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about people and social and political beings. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism, measured in the face of the simple virtues of family and love, and this woman reflects on the difficult position of male violence. In the adaptation of the Euripides tragedy, Cacoyannis reviews these issues in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> The relations between political machinations are clear: the war is destroying and destroying the human soul as far as the individual or the group can not function normally. Except for the exception of Menelao, the honorable exception of his wife's lover, the rest have a private motivation for Troy to go to war. Unrelated to Helen: thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odysseus) or glory (Achilles). And so, in a true sense, Helen became the WMD of the Trojan War. The war against the elimination of the homeric and religious glamor was only imperialist, driven by the desire for the material, all would be a good excuse. <br /> <br /> This is another conflict in the film. Between the Church and the State. Calchas, the representative of the Church, feels the challenge of his priestly authority and sacrifices his daughter because of the insulting goddess who serves for the destruction of Agamemnon. By sacrificing the sacrifice, the King approaches his moral inadequacy, but when he refuses, he loses the brain-masses of religion (his army). Of course, for Agamemn, it's a game. The king must go well, whether or not he believes in God or not, he will realize that he is too late while taking responsibility for the despicable filiation. <br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice? murder, and how can we say the difference between them? Focusing on the brutal and primitive terror of human sacrifice, and even worse, the sacrifice dedicated to one's son - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that creates a political drama and personality. He analyzes the complex and delicate ethical problem facing all societies: a serious conflict between individuals' needs and society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, just like Abraham and Isaac's Biblical tales, father will ask his children to kill his children. What God paid this payment? Can it be right or moral? In the end, the daughter's daughter's sacrifice is not very different from the death of children who are sending the war? They are a profound question posed by a two-hour movie.
