Today's viewers will probably see films like Ossessione and have not really thought about the unprecedented occurrence. The movie structure divorces from the Hollywood Hollywood conventions and from many other informative items. The reality shows a very luminous and simple. Neorealist philosophy is the nature of this film to reflect the darkness that had occurred during World War II. The Ossession is investigating some provocative subjects that were not visible before war, among others: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. In addition to a few moments of cranial shot and music inflammation, aesthetic film is very crude and gritty: it uses film shots, most natural and unfamiliar actors. All of these elements helped to convey the issues analyzed in the film, giving the following issue: The negative impacts of romance misunderstand corruption from them. <br /> <br /> Gino and Giovanna are two opposites. However, both make the mindset: we are bored and entertained. Gino is a drifter; A lonely traveler who brings life and constant ups and downs. Giovanna is a boring wife, who is a member of the civil sustainability family: she does not want to leave her house or husband, but she prefers her where she is, it is safer. Gino's life is Giovanna's ideal life; The only difference is that he frightens himself too much to live himself, which is why he loves Gino: he expresses what he wants, but he does not get courage. Does he want to live in a world that wants to live without monotonous monsters? Gino is the perfect card in the world. It's likely that fans of the decade of the 40s were worried about their affairs. I mean scandalous behaviors that have appeared before the neo-realists. To say the least, it was probably disturbing. <br /> <br /> With the theme, neorealistic style helps to show the negative effects of adulterous behavior. Correctly, the adulter's behavior (as described in the film) is depressing and eventually dead. To get rid of her husband Gino and Giovanna Giovanna, they start hating them after the act. They return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and noisy (as expected from the neo-realistic style). They are not happy; they are really depressed. They thought they had a happier life by eliminating their husband Giovanna, but they were deceived. The film ends with Giovann's death, which resembles her husband's death. I think this is very encouraging for a variety of reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> If there is a bad idea on the screen, there is a lot of controversy. The depiction of evil seems to be very necessary if it only does not glorify the illness imagined, but rather shows the negative effects of negative effects. As the text under Ossession asks, adultery and murder are evil? I think the movie has completely answered! The behavior of both adulterals reveals what misfortune is. Ironically, at the end of the film, when he stirs his depression and seems to walk between the inner arms of the car, the author shows that happiness is a façade: the car fails. Outside the abyss and into the river, Giovanna dies; The police arrested Gino. In my opinion, the intention of the author means that sometimes people try to justify their immoral behavior and eventually return to the karm. Okay I think they both got to know what was happening to them, because they were both incredibly selfish, trying to get an immediate pleasure and not endure with hardness. This was particularly evident from Gino and Giovanna in their relationship after the first difficulty: he can not handle the pressure of the wife's wife Giovanna, he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. Such a kind of hedonistic and insatiable nature. <br /> <br /> In the end, the movie seemed very dangerous for the time. The audience, however, prepared to watch this movie due to the importance of the war. These happy movies of the previous war were no longer believing. The viewers of the film were ready to see and see complex movies with complex characters: they wanted to see the characters of their "sin", because they were a reflection of their life's problems. Ossessione, therefore, is a brilliant catalyst for the future of the film. That is to say, a large part of the naturalism that we see today is that the neo-realistic film has been influenced.
