Nowadays, when people listen to the drama they play in the 1940s, they usually generate a distance of irony, but another tearful wonder-starring star, in the face of tragic and melancholic roles. However, this opinion is not similar to the neo-realist films, directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE once again as a realist masterpiece once debuted as yet, people still love and strongly criticize others. The opposite opinions about the films that appeared in these 65 years seem to be due to the content of the film, which is very conflicting in modern times as well as in the past. At the same time, based on the novel by James M. Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, the director is a true screen adaptation of his style, vision, and his art. I watched the movie twice and took me to very specific analyzes that I would bring under the second review. <br /> <br /> First and foremost, it seems that the film of Viscount touches all the psychology and actions that people can do. in life, especially those who have wished for it. These people make tragic decisions, despite the serious consequences to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) appears at Gino (Massimo Girotti) junction at the junction of Ferrari next to the "bear like shoulders". Although many people go to lunch, Gino happens to get something else - much more: a permanent desire for beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a woman married to a senior man who directs a bar-led bar (Juan De Landa). ). His body and song have kept himself completely and from the very first moment of love, the couple guesses the elimination of the old obstacle and builds a new life together ... However, in the face of the desire of the wrong person? Can love die? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to dangerous addiction or obsession? These questions give rise to an intensity when watching the movie, when, in the case of the nucleus, the audience provides with the sensation of the characters. "We love love each other," responded Giovanna, crying for all consciousness, but could justify and heal all desirable love? "Is not it when we wanted to," says one of the couple ... it does not happen. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous, unless the mind and heart are analyzed. However, he is constantly thinking. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a spectacular point to talk with modern audiences: perfect moments and fascinating cinematic, matching sequences and visual power. A modern viewer realizes that watching a movie about 70 years ago is quite fun. They are based on the technical planes that start from the erotic images. Who can immediately leave Ferrara with a beautiful girl Gino, "Ragazza Perfetta", who buys Anita dancer and ice cream. His desires show a different direction ... Is not the audience indifferent to Gino-Giovann's first meeting? Camera's first view Giovinus's leg represents the desire of love, more than the love that Gino has. The brilliant drawing shines with shadows that focus on Gino and Giovanna's research room and the suspicious look of a shadowy shutter. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can be excellent for both great and great. help cast Massimo Girotti repeatedly said that working on this film was one of the hardest-ever works; However, the result is perfect. He portrays a bisexual man who pleads for a crime, but he can not bear the object of his conscience with the victim. His bisexuality is expressed through the character Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), which includes astonishing circumstance in the surrounding Ancona train. Clara Calamai, when the famous Anna Magnani denied her role, is very well suited to the role and we can say that there is a real chemistry between the couple. Both are very convinced. Besides, I liked the role of Juan de Langa Bragana: he portrays the old love that his husband does not care about and the mad man is still lifted up. In some of his most amazing moments, he asks his wife in the back or on the empty tracks singing his favorite opera songs, singing karaoke as a play. <br /> <br /> In short, we as a modern spectator. They have a critical point of view, this movie must be very objective. Thanks to the aforementioned parties, it is uncertain, even if the story is strong; is it still education? Visconti was not told by Fellini, that he did not bring mankind messages. In that case, he would only entertain his films (this is, of course, not entirely the style of Fellini). Visconte always had to convey something. What did he mean here? Is the movie against a bad wedding? Or against the wrong actions of the absorbed people? The shocking moments of the past tell themselves. Even if you do not agree with that point of view, OSSESSIONE is a really realistic movie, one of the best 8/10 of Viscount.
