Visconti's first feature film, Ossessione, is by James M. Cain's adaptation of The Postman's Always Rings Twice. Now, I do not know that version of this book or other films, but I'm a Cainen Indemnity Bike (I'm a fan of the Billy Wilder movie version too). Both novels seem to be similar. Both have an unlawful love affair, where a wicked wife mentions the man morally that his husband does not value and that means. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, which Clara Calamai plays very well, is not as bad as his wife is like a wife, but she is very bad. His husband (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is very cruel to him, but I like him, at least, with his sharpness. She's older and not-attractive than her, so she's pretty heavy. When Gino shows up, a young and lean man needs five minutes to go to bed. She wants to be forever, but she is stuck with her husband. They break early, but when they meet again (they seem to be deliberately blurred) they plan to guess their husband. They are successful and they return to the females home to correct the bar they care for. Gino is not very fond of this idea. He wants to go to Giovanna, but definitely, the only thing he does not want to sit in in the rest of his life. Their relationships are quickly destroyed. Ossessione is a complex movie with complex characters. It's always wonderful, but it's too long. Within two and twenty-two minutes, I can not wait for a long time for myself! That is to say, partly, the neo-realistic style invented within this movie Visconti. After all, this was the first movie that won the label. Much action extends as we see, as it would happen in real life, even if it does not approach the next plot. I've seen a lot of Viscont's films and I only like Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction was as great as ever, as he was moving his camera and making it perfect for editing. I have also emphasized the young dancer Dhia Christiani (exotic) and Anita, a young prostitute named Anita. Gino begins to break into front of Giovanna. It is only in the film for five minutes or six minutes and has few lines. It's moving how much time Visconti and Christiani can do with that character. He is absolutely heartfelt. 9/10.
