Watching "Ossessione" today, after more than 6 decades, continues to be a powerful experience, especially for those interested in film history, and specifically for Italian filmmakers to change movies forever (almost "Ossessione" and De Sica " I Bambini Ci-tik "). Guardano ", both in 1943 and 20 years later, Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini. He opens the premiere of Visconti as a guide for the development of his subjects," The Postman Always Rings Twice "(non-accredited). <br /> <br /> Today's era was the "Ossessione" during the Second World War when it came to thinking in the Italian language (think it) that the movies were immediately banned from using the movies and the plot of the famous American theme and not paying royalties. /> <br /> The "Ossessione" is a frightening facsimile fascination in Italy, which is a terrifying "Ossessione" ("Telefoni Bianchi" is far away), but it is very courageous in its sexual frankness, without Gino's shirt (Massimo Girotti, Brando Kowalski's earlier name called "A Streetcar Named Desire", Giovanna (Clara Calamai), taking a married woman 5 minutes before bedtime, meet Calamai's imbalance, untruth and Gin O and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo, an attractive actor, but Pierre Clémenti, who filmed in 1945 on the Nazis, had no face). a few years!) ... In some words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, which was almost always before being seen in the Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies were destroyed after the inauguration of "Ossessione" immediately; they were called scandalous and immoral. Visconti saved a print, and after the war the film was re-released, most critics called it before the realistic movement, before Rossellini's "Roma CIttà Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià" previous. Other critics, perhaps more appropriate, saw "Ossessione" as a representative of "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that he was Visconti Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné's "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève" and Julien Duvivierren "Pépé le Moko". <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" can be neo-realistic in its visual language (Italian life of warlike times, popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, bum, etc.). Characters and issues have already been decided in Viscount. Tragic, fervent, obsessive and passionate people were always in social / political / sexual apartheid, the decline of the elites, realistic characters in "everyday life" and accompanied by DeSica and Rossellini. We have found elements of drama and tragedy within "Ossessione" in many of his films, especially "Senso" (Visconti's final neo-realistic aesthetic output) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... - "La Tierra Trema" In the movie, his fisherman raises his everyday characters from mythological people. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the great theories of artists. The work analyzes and develops specific issues and concerns repeatedly, even though their first work, recent landscape, background or time setting has changed - Visconti, but with the theme, it can play its essence on the art scene is obsessively repetitive. "Ossessione" is not to be missed: it is surely wonderful to be a horrible and powerful movie.
