Ossessione, adapted (or loose, or with James N. Cain's The Postman of the Always Rings with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange) I can not be sure about Luchino Visconti's first director. Less emphasis is on mis-en-scene, music (diegetic and non-dietic) and performance. I did not know what Viscontik should do to get to the material, I expected to see La Terra Trema and sometimes his political motivations. But this is a completely personal and emotional drama based on the melodrama of the border (however, smaller under no conventions), and black film style film movement with the best path, as Visconti debuts as a neorealist film. Rearealism, in other words, may be a precursor to claiming directly (together with those who see De Sica's Children), which would be taken after the war. The love and love romance is played much more than in some neo-realistic efforts that play in more than just here, and is related to storytelling, and with other realm of new realism (lower class, death). , disappointing). <br /> <br /> In addition to history, as described in this site, the art that captures images from Viscount and then objects with objects (a soap of Gino Costa's profile). When they're guilty, shadows and darkness shine much darker, many scenes of the film, usually over Gian and Giovanna, and on many outer scenes it's a feeling of Italian streets. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who had some of Rossellini and Fellini's films) help to think about the appearance of Ossession, which remains a character and then faces many emotions on the face, beautiful and voices and manners are beautiful and pleasantly ugly, dull and dark and romantic . I think that the same movie was moving to me because it was effective and I was afraid of two future leads. Both directors (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) show all the passionate, real and close portraits of the main actors, and their main attributes are not their attributes. <br /> <br /> It is a magnificent and bright adaptation, and it is a great sign for Viscount for his career.
