(Some spoils) I have not read James M. Cain's novel ("The Postman Always Rings Twice") based on this movie. So I can not compare this version of the movie, but I love and see the US version of 1946. (Also called 'Postman'). <br /> <br /> This Italian treasure is still better said, as I have read, in the "mutilated" edition due to the excessive reference of the fascist regime. Well, does not it matter? The film is a beautiful work, apparently the front of the neo-realistic movement in the movie. You can certainly see why? Although it is a tough change, social and culmination of culture, as well as personal oppression, remain hanging above the protagonists, which is why they face many frontiers of life. <br /> <br /> Let Gino, young people. drifter, not very educated, unemployed, and taken away, robbing and conning people to spend a couple of their shoes so thin to be almost nothing. <br /> <br /> He saw a solution in Giovanna, however, he had to follow, because Giovanna married her in love with a little bit of money, with her work (her husband's work, behind the bar and in the kitchen). his sex He had limited opportunities in the past and decided to marry the owner of the restaurant / petrol station (interpreted by Giuseppe Bregana, Juan de Landa), knowing that he would not be happy. When Bregana denies, she tells Gino Ginori to help Bregana build automobiles and buy some of the necessary parts for access to the town, to buy the necessary part. Gino has won for Bregana (who waits for the broken water pump to break his life or for lack of it) and only remains with Giovanna. They begin to warm, fierce and volatile love immediately. <br /> <br /> Gino soon finds out about the relationship, and feels again the need to move forward with her husband Giovanna. Gino does not leave Gino anymore, Gino leaves the capital to travel by train and can not afford it, a nice young man paid by a Spanish train traveler. As for Gino, Spanish is a freedom and becomes a friend (also symbolizes Gino's moral and conscience), traveling and working together in a carnival. In the end, Gino has a steady job. His proud (Giovanna still has not passed his love), a month after Bregana and his wife go to the carnival, and Bregana Gino convinces them to "go back home" to live and cooperate. having around. <br /> <br /> To be very vulnerable, when he learns that he and Giovanna will meet, Gino agrees and will stay with her partner. Shortly afterwards, Gin refuses her husband's removal requirements. After performing the act of evil, Giovanna becomes more cold blood than ever, she seems to have little conscience, and she feels guilty and embarrassed at Gino to injure a man who does not harm him anymore. As much as he wants to leave her? Once again it is short, now they are closely linked, and they have to face the consequences. <br /> <br /> Did you like the characters in Gino's life to become a judge of his iniquities? It was very good and interesting, adding another dimension to the story. Work with Turner and US 46. With John Garfield, John Garfield, the peripheral police, especially the police, lose. lawyers, Ossessione is doing well for the psychological effects of the crime only for lovers. This gives the end result a greater capacity, and a great expression that strengthens the vital force that the characters have to face. Lovers of love before lovers say, how quickly they kill their husband (the first attempt is not in the US version); Gino dancer / robbery relationship to be very fast? They love their love too quickly, and he wants to risk a lot for the man who has just met him! ?? totally unrealistic, right? Did I find this problem over time enough? I thought something was to be lost somewhere. Otherwise, it's worth the time of the audience. Both the performance and the direction were uniformly good. Recommended.
