I only sat there in my apartment on Saturday night to see the CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and I am glad to say to the Americans that I read that the musicians from the European countries of TESC are an annual event. and small Asia have a song contest. At the end of the contest, countries saw the best song song. It's a less-than-popular competition, and maybe it's not a matter of course that song and songwriting will be said by Lennon and McCartney. In the first sentence of this review I would have to correct something because the word "Choice" is misleading, because I was not a musician at all in the TESC. <br /> <br /> So, as I sat down, the credits covered by CITIZEN X were awaiting the route of the killer of the serial killer, but it would be misleading for everyone. Certainly, it is evident in the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X. According to what the film does, communism failures have to be emphasized: "The serial killer is a friend! This is the Soviet Union, which can be a decadent imperialist capitalist capitalist system that can not be killed by serial killers." He is sitting in an freezing station while keeping the suspect's potential while wearing a police jacket is his coat. And, of course, all the suspects who are members of the communist party are released without question, that is, something that will end the death penalty. All this is well done, it is a system of communist parties in the Jews, but when we find ourselves in about two thirds of CITIZEN X in 1990, communism has lasted on the knees and there have been police investigations. . At this time, the movie goes down in an underlying movie context that is not notable for political sub-contexts and films. But do not let it out, CITIZEN X is a smart thriller, especially the intelligent thriller played by Donald Sutherland as the head of parents <br /> <br /> I'm surprised I read something I've just written about some years ago, the criminals Colin Wilson captured the series killers He said something in the lines, which would be the center of focus on the media, and I think that they almost revoked the official parties. Soviet Union. All the media who read and listen to Radio Moskov, or those who read Pravda's English translations, know that the SESB has only denounced the story of harvesting, coal production, and Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet support. The concept of being a serial killer in a communist system is not logical. But if a tree falls into a siberian forest in Siberia, it still sounds like nobody wants to hear it.
