I remember in the newspapers in the case of Andre Chicatillo, I lived in South Africa. While sitting on the jury, he was photographed while sitting in the cage. It was the protection of the members of the court, but not to protect it from the public. Although fascinated by reading, the morbid. Later I heard that HBO made a movie about the case, but they made it to American television. Bummed! Strangely enough, CITIZEN X limited the South African film release. I fell from the complex Ster Kinekor, and I bought the card (I was alone, at that time my girlfriend STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATE liked it. Wow! What a great movie! Why was not there a wider public released? Unless nominated for an Oscar nomination for television or 2. There may be no end, who is the murderer who never keeps the audience, Jeffrey DeMunn represents a psycho psychiatrist: he is calm, abused, his wife has failed, and constantly spreads his work, committing himself to these awful actions. then he feels strong and powerful. <br /> <br /> He is a pathologist fighting a fight against the test, who plays Stephen Reak brilliantly in one of his most powerful performances: the Russian bureaucracy's attack, the primary resources available to him, Above all, his boss needs to fight against the refusal of the SESB to be a serial killer. Joss Ackland leader says dead killers are "western phenomena." Donald Sutherland only wants to help, but she needs help. Max Von Sydow always stands out for the Russian psychiatrist who breaks the protocol and decides to help the researchers. For the first time in Russian history, it is used to build a series killer profile, which loses all, if it publicly publishes the implication. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly played, well-written, and music and edition are only added to the theme and tension of the movie. Imelda Staunton is a movie that deserves to be seen by CITIZEN X for a great sense of intimidation and cravings for the victimization. This can be done for TV
