George Gershwin's brilliant 19th-century dance performance of the 1928 Paris orchestra's work is "An American in Paris". Choreography Gene Kelly's brilliant combination of flair, color, music and dance is astonishing, yet this piece is divided into scenes inspired by leading artists selected - at the inauguration of Dufy Place de la Concorde piece, Manet. In the floral market, Utrillo on a street in Paris, at the Rousseau fair, Vincent Van Gogh Place de l'Opera and a spectacular piece of Toulouse-Lautrec at Moulin Rouge. There, she wears Kelly's famous white body. The 97-minute preview of this final is not an exciting one, nor a feature film, but there are some charms to see the entire Oscar-winning 1951 Academy. <br /> <br /> Vincente Minnelli and Alan scriptwriter. Jay Lerner has made a rather sophisticated starring story rather romantic, but Jerry Mulligan, who was an old IG after the Second World War in Paris, was trying to be a painter. Genre Kelly can be credible as a screen name by Gene Kelly, and at the same time Jerry likes it. The plot of the love triangle is based on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed artist, but a predatory sex with young artists. In the first day of a night-time nightclub in Montmartre, Lise turns into Lisise, Henri, Jerry's palsy friend and friend, friend of a famous piano-maker. Romantic complexes will come to an end, but it's not until the Gershwin classic songs. <br /> <br /> The best of them is the most imitated one: a romantic song and "Our love is here". A Seine River in a foggy cloud of clouds, with yellow clouds of light. The paths of Kelly and Leslie Caron are intertwined with each other, for the first time they approach each other, and then they will be synchronized with the music that goes on with the final consensus. The films have been shown so lovingly and briefly in love with two people. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" focus on Kelly's lightweight tap dance and "Embraceable You" songs, while Caron danced, while Henri's Lise's Henri map is full of five excisive mounting Adam. Designed to show the versatility of Caron's dance, she revealed remarkable dancers on the "Vera-Ellen" on "On the Town" when she described Kelly's seamstress Miss Turnstiles in her multi-faceted vision. br /> Like Lise, nineteenth. year-old Caron (in her first movie) is dancing very well and manages her role with her unmistakable shape, which does not bloom in her talented actors for several years. It seems glamorous that Nina Foch plays Milo as a manipulator who is older and has become quite pleasing to his own destiny, but Oscar Levant is sardonic as Adam. "To build a stylish" I want to build a ladder ", George Guetary plays Henri very pleasing, and you feel that he has lost the end. This is not the best MGM music, but definitely enough to make this movie magic worthwhile. The DVD 2000 has a fairly pristine printout, but with few extras.
