Parsifal (1982) Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Voice of Wolfgang Schone Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. Outside of the German film school, symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque's surrealism, the Wagner's latest masterpiece-Parsifal film came in 1982 with the Friday / Easter and the Bayreuth Opera House. This film continues with musical scores and lines, but the way it is shot and performed is bold and avant-garde and other Parsifal does not take the crown in strange cinematography. Syberberg is a controversial film. Before this film, Hitler and Nazism published Richard Wagner and his anti-Semitic films and Winifred Wagner, a documentary about his little girl. This movie is disturbing in many aspects. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg, but directed by Michael Kutter) is a male in the first part of the movie and then makes Kundry's fascinating kiss into a female. This element that binds the genre shows the feminine / masculine / ying-yang search of the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and frees Christ through blood. The pagan pagan gentlemen of Klingsor's fortifications are the most incredible photos of Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner, Matilde Wesendock. Swaztika hangs out of the fortress flag. Parsifal XIX. And XX. He travels through the centuries. Flower Maidens are tempting naked. Kundry is depicted as a kind of beautiful or rotten Mary Magdalene (interpreted by Edith Clever but superbly interpreted Soprano soprano Yvonne Minton). In the end, this film is for the metaphysical and lovers of Germanic / European symbolisms and for Wagner's symbolism, history and lovers of opera symbolisms. In fact, the song is great and compelling. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a sharp and intense voice, but it does not have the depth and grandeur of the great Parsifals on stage: James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and Placido Domingo today. Yvone Minton Kundry is a sensual voice, dramatic and exciting, penetrating into her tormented state. While production is very hybrid and non-Wagnerian (Wagner's concept was a Christian ceremony, Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark witch, darkness became clear, etc. Typical in Wagner). .it still an art home movie is nice.
