I never met about Chocolat. I did not know anything about the history, cast, director or film history. I found out, above all, that the French film was famous. If I know more, I would probably not see an image with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not appeal to me. I knew what was Chocolat earlier, the interest I saw would be limited. However, knowing the story did not help. In all, I did not tell the story where the characters would look, and what would be the results. Nowhere else was a planned movie. In fact, this story may have been reported in the delays. Telling flashback stories is dangerous for filmmakers. As the current main character sees, the viewer will continue to live. Through flashback technique, Claire Denis ensures that audiences are capable of guaranteeing age, because they do not damage physical exposure to the viewer, as the viewer is Chocolat's story about emotions. A smaller filmmaker would give him a sharp face in France, a cry of childhood and an outcry shouting. Instead, France presents her as a beautiful France, someone who looks good on the outside. <br /> <br /> It's an argument that Chocolat has more on her mother than in France, since she has a lot of time on the screen, although I think she's in France. For me, it's really Chocolat's mother how her actions affect her daughter. Parents are talking about their behavior with their children. France has not ruined her mother's story, however, and her mother's actions have been dramatically affected in France. France was not harmed by her mother's actions, the Flashback party was not of any importance. <br /> <br /> For a movie that has been analyzing past and present time, Chocolat was very rooted, there were no excess fats. There was no scene at all for free space. The movie had a nice rhythm, with crisp editing, leaving only the necessary story telling. A well-tended story, strong editing and organized direction, is one of the best films I've ever seen on Chocolat. He was in charge of launching Claire Denis's career and for good reason: he is a brilliant director.
