In West Africa in Cameroon, in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat, depicted as a beauty and an emotionally resonant tone poem, depicts the effects of a young family of colonialism in recent years of French rule. The theme is similar to Africa's Nowhere, although the film's scope and emphasis are different. The film tells of an adult's return to a childhood home from a foreign country. French Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, recalls her childhood as a civil servant of her father (Francois Cluzet), who was in love with French Cameroon, and was passionate about friendship with Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). The heart of the film, however, is around the mother of Aimée (Giulia Boschi), and her love / hate is full of sexual tension with Protéi. <br /> <br /> The house is divided into public and private spaces. The white rooms of the family are out of bounds and private, except for those who work at Protée at home, while the waiters are forced to eat outside and shower their naked bodies of bronze to their white family. It is clear that Marc's husband (François Cluzet), Aimée and Protée, disassociates the sexually attractive businesses, but the rules of society are inadmissible. In a significant sequence, he wants to enter the room, knowing that he wears the dress and two mirrors in silence, knowing that he is a taboo interaction. <br /> <br /> The young Frenchman (Cecile Ducasse) makes a connection with the housekeeper, while he feeds on his plate while grinding his grubbing grubbing and shouldering under the night sky. In spite of their connection, the true nature of their master's servants is evident when France orders a protest teacher to move on and leave her home, and she stands next to Protée at the restaurant's desk waiting for her next command. When the plane is stuck in the holster and in the surrounding hills, the crew and passengers must enter the compound until it is replaced by a spare piece. Each visitor shows the contempt of Africans, a wealthy owner of a cafe leaves his mother's mistress out of the kitchen. Another one, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), a white Frenchman, raises a racial balance when he uses the outer shower, who tastes with officials, and Aime scatters Protea's attraction to the appealing attraction. <br /> <br /> This is an autobiographical chip, adapted from the director's childhood memories, and is gradually rooted as mysterious as the isolation of the filming. Denis cites the consequences of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressed, good ones. Protée is a civil servant, but she is also a protector, who cares for Aimée and her daughter's bed, on a bed that protects the hyenas that protect them. Indeed, sadness is treated as a child of Protée, not a man, but Bankol's feelings are painful and dignified. For their timing, Western audiences had to work hard to appreciate the movie and Denis, in Roger Ebert's phrase, "does not train emotions." Chocolat's truth lies in the gestures and looks that disturb our hearts.
