I acknowledge that in the first 20 minutes of this film I was not sure that I was sitting all the time. Like many other people, it seemed to me quite boring, and I did not completely look at it for an hour and a half. The guy looked at me and bitten it together. However, if you're sitting first enough to see the finished product, the rest of the movie is horrible. I really think it's sad that there is a boring or reassessing idea that other people have found a lot of people. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a relaxed study of artworks and methods by Andy Goldsworthy, who extracts his art from natural objects, usually by creating pieces that nature will consume. entropy process It's a slow and unbalanced movement, but I think that a lot of the movie does not take Goldsworthy's artwork with no help. Although I have heard people complain about how they are talking about the whole movie, I believe that nature and its works are merely speaking in a foolish way. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, a lot of people denounce CDs written within the CD. Musicians alike also seem to say that music does not mean that the listener wants to say that the musician does not show specific lyrics. I think that I'm just a type of person who thinks the artist is trying. carrying out his work. I still want to know what I want to do. I do not understand that you do not want to speak with the movie. After all, he loses his thinking group and can not explain his work on several occasions, but if Goldsworthy does not want to talk about his art, while watching the movie, feel the sound off. It is not a letter to read, if you do not want to know what a musician singers, and you want to interpret words yourself. <br /> <br /> I think Andy Goldsworthy's work, I had no idea before. I saw the movie, it is very impressive, and I am happy to show you this movie. As the work is not transported into the studio, it is the only other media capable of expressing photography, and I truly appreciate the work and the way in which it can be seen. only things taken from nature are used. Whether or not to present this film, Goldsworthy's work is moving enough, since this film is not the protagonist, it is Goldsworthy's art. And because the lack of music or the slightest effects and the slow nature of the film, Thomas Riedelsheimer knows that.
