Zero days has a purpose and this is not just entertainment, it gives a message about the specializations of its school. Calculates the life of two friends in Andre and Cal in front of a secondary school attack. <br /> <br /> While the movie began in a modest manner, the next attack on teenage style amateurs will be announced, along with some short meetings with boys' families. We have been looking for boys for a long time now, the boys, the guns, their fetishistic love, fantastic fantasy narcissism, and the controversy. How to build cane bombs <br /> <br /> So what does the movie mean? What's really short for them to kill killer. It seems really difficult. Certainly, they do not find cold blood as a psychopath, but they are doing just brutality. That's why I feel that Zero is part of a day's genius. Cal and Andre talk constantly about how many levels they have, how much more than the rest of the people and how they left behind. As Columbian killers, you really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's feelings, the value system of Cal and Andre seems to have been created due to their social rejection. However, we give you a unique look at it, for example, to express the hatred of a popular athlete. So where's the motivation? I feel disappointed by two portraits of Coccio portraying the expression of superiority to make a gesture gesture, which still has no place at all. That's why they go to multiple murders, and they will be more likely to realize what they would ever realize. That's why school shooters are largely similar to performing similar actions, although they are in stable houses. Murder is part of a fantasy, all Cal and Andre lost their fantasy if they almost fail to see the reality of their actions. They make fantasy the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The most striking thing about this film is the character development and the dependence of Cal and Andre. One of two heads is facing Andre's film, Cal seems to be forced and hugs. She is a living woman, she is very intense and serious. Others, except with his family, completely disapprove. It is rigorous and precise, and has long been a plot of attack on the plot. However, it's a nice way, it does not take adolescent nonsense, and, to a certain extent, we feel the feeling of being in agreement with her, but these moments breaks the violent gestures against violence by Andre as the audience is confidential and potential. On the other hand, Cal seems more relaxed than Andre, accepting reality. However, it is his main way. Cal's video logs and in some minutes have personal introspection periods, only with Andre and Andre. It seems that Cal is struggling with his personal demons and using their exorcising plan. Calero is jealous of those who, going to the ball with an old friend, wants Cal all. Cal pleases Andre and encourages him. For the first time, he has found someone who believes that Andre believes that he can not miss someone who admires. Cal found someone who has offered someone. <br /> <br /> The movie definitely chooses the rhythm and improves its harsh consequences. There is an excellent moment in the Cal Secondary Education promenald. Suddenly, the movie becomes shy and interned. However, we tend to feel more connected to Cal, because they do not give people up to the crowds when they're in the crowd, they drink it at the Limo. It is a very ordinary season and an episode that can be detected. We do not want to associate with them, when they're done and they're back with Cal. There, one of the latest videos is being prepared, we are pleased to feel confident in the fantasy world they feel like new characters. They just like the masses we like to get rid of. <br /> <br /> The last previous scene is excellent. The final video was attacked by Andre and Cal in their car before they attacked. It is totally real and really creates an unexpected fortune. We know that we know Cal and Andre, and we realize that they are actually doing, with a morbid illusion, we are also enjoying catharsis of these films. <br /> <br /> The massacre of CCTV fashion is sometimes astonishing. and, undoubtedly, it was a great opportunity to figure out the massacre, it's not a mistake. The most significant is that sudden changes in the perception of Cal y Andre have suddenly been considered by the person, who were suddenly admitted that they were still cunning criminals. It's violent and real, our heroines have become monster and their fantasy reality is a horrible tragedy, which gives them all the cost. <br /> <br /> The last scene is shown by a group of young people that make up the youngsters. Andre and remedies are reminders. After learning about Andre and Cal, we can feel sadness that they have disappeared forever, and they definitely did not win anything. <br /> <br /> Zero day is essential to watch the media for those who are interested in these violence. The character of the experience deserves a research.
