Two years ago I bought (and enjoyed) two feature films of MGM, THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the series of the following series series was released, I wanted to buy it immediately; But the rumors of playback themes with dreadful DVD-18 did not add my collection; More recently, I put an online order when I decided to have a discounted Universal Box Sets and I decided to pick up the KOLCHAK 3-Discer. <br /> <br /> After watching now, I can safely say I did not apologize a little in love with the crime / horror series (a short formula might continue) - Carl Kolchak, a dangerous and useful journalist, can be a great journalist with Darren McGavin It goes through all the attitudes. Oakland, a long-suffering coworker, with many authoritarian figures, monsters and criminals, is a must-see (usually supernatural), but eventually it's going to cover his story. By inviting guest stars and background credits, the show is very fun. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the quality changes from one section to another and modest. Budgets gave you specific results and sometimes you want to make-up (for example, the old man's entry into the last installment of the same name and goofy alligator) - that's not to mention 50 minutes of limited programs. And directed to family consumption, it often prevents access to and penetration of many psychological and metaphysical issues (the man's wolf, once again, never impresses anyone, but it's just a fool to throw people away). ! <br /> <br /> Heroine narrative films like to take you to the wonderful landmarks; There is a healthy dose of comedy relief in each episode (often, but not limited to, the relationship with McGavin and Oakland - a geeky Jack Grinnage reporter) - a sensible atmosphere (the scene, most of which is Chicago) and suspense. To make the trip more enjoyable, Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding have a bad score. <br /> <br /> The monkeys found throughout the series (but not always defeated) by Kolchak are: a revived. Jack The Ripper, a variety of cultures (voodoo, Americans, Aztecs), foreigners, vampires, loins (they overwhelm his excessive concept in a specific passage in a cruise liner!), Doppelganger, Satanist, swamp creatures, mass electric, witches, headless motorcycles, succubus, the armor of a knight taking his mortal life (perhaps the best assistant), John Dehner as the captain of police, Hans Conried and Robert. Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And crocodile. Some actors return to the same role - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as officers of the law), John Fiedler (a heavy morgue caregiver) and Richard Kiel, two different nemeses. heroine If you wanted to choose the best (or entertaining) episodes, I mentioned HORROR IN THE HEIGHTS (Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer together) and THE KNIGHTLY MURDERS, as well as the weakest. THE WEREWOLF (for what I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale's story). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the set does not have any extra elements: KOLCHAK: You could see a feature that is currently being debated around the many concepts worked with THE NIGHT STALKER, as well as putting the original air in the context in which it was at that time, or even It also had a permanent effect. which looks like the final fiction of the science fiction series. In fact, Kolchak himself, much younger and seemingly darker, returned in a revival in 2005; This version is available for my local DVD rental solutions ... but for many reasons, I do not know whether I should review it after the classic 1974-5!
