There are two different ways to enjoy this delicious TV show ("godfather" X-Files and Buffy ...); as a monster show (I was afraid of myself when I had a baby!), or a well-written or illustrated gumshoe / black film. She works at both levels. The nervousness could be diluted over the years (it was done in the mid 70's), but I was delighted to rediscover the show (via DVD), I am now enjoying it for the ultimate reasons. Darren McGavin, late Karl Kolchak, is a strange and noisy monster / monster looking for a story that finds a supernatural angle; Tony Vincenzo, Kolchak stressed the boss, because he was the last pain of the great Simon Oakland, who had suffered great pain all over the world; The interaction between these characters is crisp and spiritual (it's like STOCK TREK's Spock and McCoy). During a series of two television movie riders and a single-season series, Kolchack vampires, robbers, wicked men, witches, zombies, government conspiracy, aliens and ancient legends fought like a 9-year X-file! In one season!). And Kolchak made it first! And musician Gil Melle's title musician, well-known, well-known creator of X-Files, Chris Carter calls it "tribute" to Mike Snow's (very similar) X-Files theme song. Both topics work well; leave it there And unlike many horror / science fiction shows, most of KOLCHAK's monster is in the shade and fast cuts (efficiently and sometimes fortunately, some do not study for modern, but still some DO). Modern horror spectacles make it harder: IS fewer more! In a sunny (and low) snoopy of the spectacle, the places in California that pass through windy cities in California are overused. NIGHT GALLERY was the same subject; It is essential for a low budget, L.A. for the show. And it seems that some personality assistants (nowadays) are seen as topical (renowned Ron Updike, who is always used for comic relief, Emily, a sweet bride, consultant pillar). But everyone has the brightest moment (since many of the series's characters, clichés or no!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show and is a template for many of the following. And Carl Kolch is one of the richest characters in Horror Horror (Agent Mulder's REAL father). And as a footnote I tried to see a new session. X-Files is a clone (a copy of a copy?). And bad, that. Carl Kolchak is now a beautiful model, a 30-minute wicked man (he plays drowsy Stuart Townsend). Being a pair of Scully is a bad idea; Kolchak weakens Don Quixote as a lonely single! And Kolchak and Vincenzo? Where is the tension? Interaction? KOLCHAK is a wonderful example of what he wanted to hang on to that bad name: take a lovely worship series, unleash everything about it, flush it out of all the characters and colors (but save your name, worship!) And voila! Immediate reuse! It gets 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version made an ax! You have a short but classic life. Age is better.
