It's really shameful that often this program was often offered by the so-called "The Night Stalker" and "The Night Strangler" television series that featured high-end spin-off series. Cynthia's stiff mix of humor and a lot of fun (the match between verbal jokes by Carl Vincenzo Kolch, Tony Vincenzo has always been an irascible editor and has long been a look and listening in the sense of Tony Vincenzo), rapid writing, superb supernatural threats, "Moss Spanish killings" "caregivers" and "horror heights" also you can not go wrong with fearless zombies, vampires, wolves like wolves and witches, colorful characters. , starting with some cool guest stars, the mythical icon of the mythical icon of the William Smith myth was a rare alternative to a heroic lead-story, "The Energy Eater", and other episodes feature great veteran characters Keenan Wynn, John Fiedler, John Dehner, Severn Darden and William Daniels had wonderful roles. Effective moments of true suspense (especially "The Spanish Moss Murders" were really wonderful setbacks), and the best, Darren only. McGavin, journalist, journalist, Carl Kolchak, small, courageous and honest but honest, but honest, is basically dignified, courageous and sincere. <br /> <br /> Kolchak was the main protagonist in the seventies. a bad and fast man, whose passionate nose is a tasty and unhappy ball to tackle all sorts of problems. Moreover, occasionally, Kolchak Rough was just superhuman; He usually frightened or threatened to fall, but he had an internal power and courage, from all sorts of enemies that could save the human race again and again. Kolchak was surrounded by a number of good-natured second-class characters: Simon Oakland, Carl Vincenzo, a chronically badly-imbued boss, Jack Grinnage, was the perfect Ron Ron's Updyke comic strip pro, as Ruth McDevitt was just as beautiful as Emily Cowles. and Carol Ann Susi was also very fun with the Monique Marmelstein crash. It only appeared in three sections. She says she has a make-up and special effects show ("The Werewolf", a lycanthrope, unfortunately, resembles a Yorkshire Terrier!) And the second section jokes laughably silly ("Chopper," headless motorcycles "Cathy looked like" Cathy. Crosby's "The Youth Killer" as the Trojan Helen, but also shows at the secondary level, the innocent brand of sardonic sardony of the program, and the marvelous presence of McGavin's boundless borders and penetration.
