KOLCHAK: I LOVED THE NIGHT STALKER, since I watched it on the 13th of September 1974. At that time I was horrified by the monsters and I loved the music of Gil Melle (hey, where's the soundtrack guys?) Often thought what this conception works for me, so he completely and finally concludes that many others do not last for a simple element of reason One is almost as scary as the other show does not seem, and that is the main character. Most people can be linked to their daily roles. When Darren McGavin begins to find strange situations by Carl Kolch, he will react like most people. Strangely enough, when he is closer to danger, he is afraid, even though he is confident that he is trying to defeat any threat that he is presenting in that section. It is strange to defend himself against a supernatural force. It usually splits it and conceals it or waits for its wings to see if it works. Occasionally, we are shocked as we seem to defeat an enemy. In one episode, a monster will be looking for sewer, but when he sees it for the first time, he goes out, but he is so trapped, he must go back to defend himself. It's heroic, we probably would not want to do anything, but this does not mean that it would not be the case for others. He is a common man, he is doing the job, trying to make money, not a monster hunter. He is involved in supernatural things, and he is interested, but he does not want us to hurt or kill others. If he did not intend to defeat creatures, we often run what we see from his life, to escape, that is, of course, what I would do. That's why I frequently end the end of the sessions with children with their fingers. Kolchak was nice and something happened to take care of you. You were afraid of him and other people too. Producers and writers, of course, knew that anyone could create a monster, scary music and a suspicious scene, but it is not a matter of interest for anybody. Darren McGavin has said that the reason why the show lasted only during the season was tired of making the "monster of the week" dirty and did not go on. I can tell that I was crying when I stopped my visit when I was a child, but, as an adult, I can see why this formula can not be followed for a long time. I love fifteen episodes and two films by McGavin, an incredible, determined and passionate reporter named INS, called the INS, by Carl Kolch. Anyone who makes shows or movies will really understand why I love the show. It's not monsters, sunsets, awesome music or strange guest stars, all of which are key elements. The secret of success lies in the "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Catching and caring for McGavin's fairytale and stupid Carl Kolch is not a Night Stalker.
