Some of the best films that are classified as "comedy" fade between comedies and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid" are also an excellent example at the end of the 1960s. Is comedy dramatic with humor? In many respects, the "Odd Couple" is included in the same category as the comedy at the same time is very dramatic, with deep human nature. Something that happens can be a lot of fun for the audience, but the characters are not laughing. <br /> <br /> Despite the television clarity of the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not a guy. they must be forced to live together as a result of their civil status. They are about two parties, because they have to face their weddings because they have to face it and their marriages are out of wedlock. Narrowness, Felix Ungarren's characteristics (Jack Lemon's fit) and wickedness, are the beginning and superficial features of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau). As the story expands, we see that these men are doing much more than anti-evil. In more than one case, the story is really true by Felix Ungarre, who has to face a divorce between his wife Francisco. We do not know it but it is an important character throughout the whole story. On the banks of the suicide, Ungarre goes to the place where he knows where he is: Oscar Madison's apartment where a poker group hangs it up. Ungar is not a member of the "poker club", but he knows what happens to the team and tries to help them in their inept manner. Madison is the best way to give Unitary help to let her suicidal tendencies continue to move. <br /> <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Madisono does not know what he puts. Happy Madison is a happy fabulous, when she was careless about the fears of the last fridge, when Herbert Hoover was probably cleared by the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks takes on crispy cheese and, if included in two eggs, he has thrown the contents of a fried potato on the table. On the other hand, they like glass and women, which is a good time in the end. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not very different, diametrically opposite. It's not much happier than disinfection of the apartment, but knows that most women know about cooking and good food. Sometimes he calls his former wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get his meatloaf recipe. At the same time, Ungar would shave the rest of the rest of the afternoon. When Madison does not think it, Ungar finally admits that he stays in his roommate room, that he can not hang coleslaw. Who is this? But he has other extravagant features: Felix is ​​also a hypochondrian. He obsesses his health about his health, saying that he makes a strange noise in public places, saying he helps his sinuses. It seems to have all the health conditions in your book. And if they complemented more, Felix would probably have them. In the end, it is very self-absorbed. <br /> <br /> Walking around the movie is about marriage references. At some point, when Madison Ungar tried to persuade her, "What do you want, the wedding ring?" He says But I do not know that it makes little sense that he can not cope with nonsense, but vice versa. It becomes an unnoticed relationship with their friendship. And the highest point is that Oscar is inviting two British sister lads to get comedy and tragic results. It's one of the best comedies to be written and not to be missed during that time, by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon, as well as superimposed performances. It's unfortunate that the writing of this caliber is one of the most recent comics that we are currently unfortunately missing.
