The opening of The Odd Couple is offered more than in the majority of films. Felix Unger (also curses the poor monogram) enters a New York hotel. The cleaner says "Good night." He said goodbye. He spills into his pocket in his room and then places his wedding ring on his envelope for his wife and children. Does the audience finally put together? aha, will he go away? Do we see the window open to struggle? Oh no, will he jump? The poor man shakes his lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger? her wife has left her, she is a compulsive cleaner and is at a hypochondria. And everything in one scene. Is this the special genius of the comic book Neil Simon? It's a state and nature. Do you think some bad jokes? It's not a kick, is not gags cheap? fun characters with funny situations. And, of course, it is the master of manipulating the expectations of the audience. Coming from swingers, think about what I thought of in the scene, when Felix went to her roommate, she worked so hard that the girl starts to enter her apartment when her marriage breaks down. He's thrown, right? Think again Girls love their ability to weep before them. He is invited to his place since he burned his meatball since Oscar was not careful. It's like Flynn, right? Yes, but he does not want to go with girls because he feels vulnerable. Great things And it's even bigger, the style that it publishes and the maximized eight-bedroom apartments. Chrissakes Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau are slouchy and pouchy. Why do you mix? The visual style reminded me of the Tiffany's breakfast, due to the great impact of this area and the interaction between different action plans. Felix is ​​especially memorable, he runs away from Oscar, he closes a partition, the partition does not cover Oscar next to him. The design of the apartment is sensible, and therefore the closeness of two divorces. What happened to us here is that these two cases are married? to each other. Therefore, the notes about life that are not ignored in a romantic comedy become increasingly cruel.
