I do not believe that I've actually been giving Walter Matthau as his acting comedy. Certainly, it has been a wonderful role, but I think they have always been successful in the grumpiness and ruthlessness of his characters, his frequent colleague Jack Lemmon, a stark contrast to the flamboyant nature, and, I suppose, a natural one. to spread his previous work in dramatic photographs. The show "The Odd Couple (1968), by Gene Saks, adapted from a famous play by Neil Simon, suddenly accomplished something: Matthau, in his own mind, is very funny! At first, the bad, gross and general viewer did not seem to get his Madison into his heart, because Matthau does not fully voice the emotion that hears his voice. At the same time, while being a comedian, Lemmon is the perfect interaction; In fact, the film is in the hands of two actors, the film screen never failed to light themselves, just to let them together. <br /> <br /> Billy Wilder calls to remember the script for The Apartment (1960), 'Neil Simon's comedy builds around a premise. The compulsive cleaner of Felix Unger (Lemmon), after being expelled for his wife for twelve years, tries to commit suicide, but is not an empty idea to open the background. When he disappeared, Oscar (Matthau) arrived at his friend's house, he only lives by a divorced potato potato and green sandwiches (that is, a very new cheese or very old meat)! Oscar's delight offers Felix a place to stop, but he immediately gets upset by the persistence of his friend's personality and enormous purity. The couple make up an unusual wedding arrangement, which Felix assumes as the most effeminate wife and the constant role of the boss, and Oscar's husband is just as helpless and upright as ever to come home sooner. This is a marriage that lasts for three weeks, and eventually we can hide it with Felix's wife, unseen. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Odd Couple is a great comedy. above all, because it has many hearts. For their argument, the two classmates love each other, I see clearly when Felix tries to get into a drawstring rage. perhaps unnoticed? at last he will hear about Oscarri himself. Four friends of couples (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are constantly bending, but you can not deny them their best intentions. Felix's decision as to what had happened to her was very well-known in theory, but Felix's misunderstandings and disoriented feelings are unlikely to be ignored. Unlike the comic based on some popular plays, [Wilder's "The Seven Year Itch (1955)] is disappointed, this film does not only hit the same deal, and the relationship between two leads is gradually evolving. tears, laughter and great discrepancies.
