Glamourous fan of the world of TV series. This movie is horny! No doubt, you have to like movies with hysterical conversations, cartoons, and melodramatic cartoons. But if so, get in the wrong. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert with "Queen of Misery" on television. Celeste's worrisome life comes in handy with Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), who lost her long-haired nephew, and Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline, always excellent) when Celeste's lover arrived. But Celeste has hidden a dark and deep secret, and Lori and Jeffrey's arrival may take him to the surface. Add to the diabolical Montana Moorehead (an excellent Cathy Moriarty, "testosterone in motor fashion"), trying to destroy the Celeste route. David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the soap-maker soap-maker hiding from Montana soap celestial. and, Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), the scriptwriter and the true confidence of Celeste, and you're in the way of tree types and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this one are difficult (anyone remembers it) 'Mixed Nuts'?), But being well-done can be quite fun! The important components necessary for good comedy are those that do not say much about fun things, which they do not see at a glance or expression. Field, Kline, Goldberg, and the rest all work well together and they are clear about having a good time, it is difficult to not attract their energy and excitement. Shue here is clearly the weakest link, but draws attention to himself, Field, Kline, et al. Because it is surrounded by it. Moriarty stands out as an attractive role for the role of villainess, you've never thought of the most damn damn you've mastered !! There are also familiar faces (very funny little roles), including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Michael Hoffman maintains a fast pace and moves the histrionic plot to the big fin. Robert Harlingen's screenplay must also be emphasized so as to make soap theater for the soap operas. The interview is being boosted by a great deal, delivering the actors brilliantly (I would be ready to improvisate many of these things). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a bunch of professionals who do the best and have a good time, they put their hands on it. If there is no other case, it will make you feel good and laugh!
