This movie takes a lot of movies, but this is usually based on the hideous appearance of the film that played US TV, and companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. have been killed by VHS and DVD. The films were never released, but the Avco Embassy was released in 1973. At that time in Spain, when there was nudity, the filmmakers filmed two versions: one with clothes and another. For example, it's called WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS, an unknown English print, and it seems that domestic videos have been released in the Swedish 80s. It can be found on Ebay and is liked. My intention has been to reduce Avco's movie to the R release that has ever happened. In 1974, Avco released the television series FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this TV form. Cut 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN will show the Charter House tag video. This release by Avco '73. It seems to be recovering in the year. It is a renewed version with a nudity that will not go through a television or a PG movie. Some bands wear bands nudity with some of the scene on the TV show (all Dud and VHS editions). But WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS clearly shows that 2 scenes have been cut in this version! (The ruin of the next paragraph) The scene that connects to the wall with the Winters does not complement it and transforms it to the male. After presenting, they start to take off their clothes and love begins with a man !!! Men's lupus give a positive response to these lesions. This scene is definitely one of the most unusual in the history of horror films. It's not a graphic, but implicit honesty was too much for U.S. audiences or MPAA probably. Ilona is in love with Waldemar and she can not be aware of it, from there he comes up with his entire scheme to control Waldermar's wife and relate her relationship. He wanted to sink his wedding, and that is what Waldemar achieved in Tibet. Unfortunately he returns a young man, but that does not slow him down. If he does not have a physical man, love loves a sex with a love man. This furthermore helps the scene to watch over a scene where a female bed goes down to bed with her naked woman in bed with her in the window. This scene shows sans nudity in the covered version and it really does not make sense. In an unchanged version, it seems that Ilona's affection was to be wicked and freed, so that she is forced to flee after the woman who is able to escape. Another cut Waldemar's whole scene is seen in Karen's bed and naked. WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) version of the US bedroom similar scene was very similar. Although the movie has no problem. The director was drunk, for high-ranking men, with English dubbing, Waldemar's first movie MARK MARK THE THE WOLFMAN, FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR and the excessive abuse of the music's score. Unless seen in its original panoramic format (ie, WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS), Daninsky is the wildest and most innocent of the werewolf series, but a plot line is not suited to kitchen sinks. The cut-out / full-screen scratch of this movie and the screen is not a good idea, and unfortunately this is almost everyone who watched the movie. The film has a 1970 copyright, and the 1972 edition's date is incorrect. The film introduces WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) and without a doubt WEREWOLF SHADOW was released. The WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN comes directly to open WEREWOLF SHADOW, providing accurate evidence. Unfortunately, its full version will never be released. A perfect version will be an English version but with English subtitles. He works hard in the English dubbing film. But any Spanish version would be reflected in the coated version of Frankism in Spain, where the nudity was verbalized.
