Until now, Haim Bouzaglo is the best director of the filmmaker. The television director, trained on story telling and his long-acting actor, is the essence of the special psychological situation that was trying to capture this low-budget movie, despite the terrorists being at risk of terrorism. attacks, creating distorted life. Each character tries to strive to live his life, to see and control another, despite the observation and control of other characters, especially the constant pressure on political and historical forces beyond his control. Some call this fate, but fate in this film has a very detailed representation. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political phrase "Distortion." Characters never discuss politics, nor "savages!" To say the same level. when they hear that there is a new terror attack. The reaction of the events to locate the attack and count the victims between the officers and the media terminology between the dead and wounded. They do not really live, but they hope to survive in a hopeful time with a bomb survived. Professional, social and professional life seems to work in some way, but it is subject to many events. The director plays a dramatic character, because the central personal and creative crisis of his life is the pressure of the events and because he has stopped terrorist attacks a few minutes before the bombing. He hired a private detective to continue his maidservant as a television journalist, who is falling behind the subject of his next show - another man, former military, whose business and family life is being dissolved in these events. He starts writing a play that copies reality and goes back to the stage in the theater, Hamlet's theater, which Hamlet remembers, as well as Synecdoche, New York. It's not Charlie Kaufman Bouzaglo, I would definitely go on to look at the shoulder, but that's definitely not necessary, but the screening of the Israeli director's screen is a bit better than anticipating the movie (and the first directed by Kaufman). American film actors play real people and interact with them in a mixture of reality-stage-reality reality, lacking logic, even if it's not at least artistic logic. It has the usual talent, confidence and freedom of life for the situation, but rather when they are acting. His style is much more liberal than his television series, and "distortion" effects, even if American horror movie loans are quite good. At the end he appeared rhetorical and not happy, but the incident of the suicide killer that kills malicious film and the whole situation of a season at a time when he remembers the viewer when he remembers the movie later.
