Scream was the ultimate thriller of Wes Craven. Since then, it has been just an insurmountable Hollywood landfill, which is good enough for a nightmare production, including the desperation of Scream's tracking. Perhaps the engineering and crafts offered by the film absorbed all the energy and creativity, when the dinner arrived, it was nothing but our gift. In the end, after knowing the bad movies, we have a bright and vibrant Suspicious film with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams will once again give a pleasant performance with the hotel manager. who is in the hotel with a great political person and a wonderful relationship with the usual record. Afterwards, he will find Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, postponing the flight and discovering it after a breeze on the bay. He does not know what he knows. He also knows his father, if he will never see it again, if he does not respond to Jackson's demands, to kill him for a regular habit of using his links. <br /> <br /> You're probably thinking of this is not full of your daily thriller forecasts and access scenarios. Even the old thriller, this is beauty. No special effects. It's not a cheap make-up. Just classical suspense. You feel a desperation and regret with all the decisions that McAdams has to make, and take care of yourself when you are encouraged to move on to each one of the movements that you make to escape your claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> It always gives a fun and compelling performance. Yes, its sweet face, it's a great cry for crying, but it seems to always be with you if it demands its role. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, is naturally terrifying and, even though the trailer is not visible, it's amazing that his latest transition from Jackass to an unknown jackass. Maybe trippy would be more like seeing a pretty guy who becomes evil evil like Toby Maguire becomes incessant. However, when Cillian Murphy, after settling his true identity, played the role so severely that you would like to really die or at least get rid of a donkey. <br /> <br /> Do not forget this feature. The banners are full of generosity and heart salts, keeping their eyes on the screen as in the latest Craven shots. If you do not do it, make it your girlfriend or boyfriend or any other popcorn when you jump. Finally directed by Wes. Except for the immense mastery of the brand, Red Eye is not without his humor, McAdams's representative Cynthia confronts the hotel to sort out the hotel. It was a relief that Red Eye was not disappointed. Instead, McAdams will be pleased to hear a talented performance, Murphy looks stronger for a minute, and Craven creates a classic traditional thriller. He resumed his flight and began the Craven renaissance after Scream.
