"Intervention" has helped me with my own addictions and recoveries. I am a middle-aged married father. I am quite functional in my personal and professional lives. However, I have the pain of my past to rely on the dependencies that I use, and slowly recovering issues. When you talk about harmful toxics and family with me, I help you improve relationships with my family and my family. <br /> <br /> The show, like many others, adds to the past of the mind and reveals it. Events that may cause dependence. Many of us are terrifying that we can go back and forth, as Alice Miller says "to discover and accept truth in our history of individual and special childhood." The show deserves a lot of credit, at least to start that process. Government is painful and difficult, but worth it. The dependence of so much dependence - both fictional and non-fiction - seems to ignore the issues underlying it. It's often considered that Addicto has just filmed a day or started shooting fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can not stop. No, so: addictions are dying of pain. I relate them to events and difficulties of people's lives. There are common themes and there are some amazing exceptions. Many toxins suffer from abuse. Some children simply respond badly to divorce. Dependent on people who think that addiction is an excessive difficulty, I would say that many people respond differently. While children are well-divorced, others, like the show on Cristy, "accumulate on the ground" and change their lives forever. For example, a senior consultant said that Andrea is looking for the validity of men's youth. He takes away money from 75-year-old people and leaves men exaggerated. Does anyone know? The series meets the information we can use to understand our motivations and make adjustments to our lives. We are often able to suffer from a longer problem. As it is said, stuck watches are twice as good as twice a day, but the slow clock can be undone for a long time, until your life becomes miserable. <br /> <br /> Producers: Thank you for showing, pasting, for follow-up. In addition, graphics, format and theme music are superb. <br /> <br /> For the toxics: thank you for your courage to share. Whether you helped yourself or not, you helped me.
