KELLS SECRET is the first animated film that captivates your eyes and moves your heart. The limited budget of the film budget and sometimes the lack of limited animation offsets more than visual poetry seen in the dark age to the story of the heroic hero of the search for Brendan. Historically, VIII. It was at the end of the century, when the Viking study centers were run. The Vikings here appear as brute antagonists, equivalent to Huns and Mongols in the East East Sea in the lake. The narrative of the film - that is, a parable that works --- is framed around the conflict between Brendan, which creates beauty in the darkness that creates beauty in a dark age, and whose unbelievable attachment protects the abbot. As a wall that Kells and his nephew were wandering around. Abad has abandoned the value of Brendan's art for security. The film is an external dispute. Brendan's internal conflict is the hidden eye of the creative lighting that will make it possible to complete the most difficult picture of the Kells Book. This eye is protected by a Dragon Ouroboros that destroys those who do not adapt to these quests, to kill Vikings as if they were away (that's the kind of story that they will give!) <br /> <br /> <br /> The movie What I really like about is that I am truly understanding some of the most creative artists of over 1200 years of Western life. The characters have been stylized, just like in the original Kells book, in flat abstract forms defined by lines. (Especially noteworthy is Aidan's mascot cat, which is defined in a few lines, but only magically - and magically also by felines.) Brendan and other animated characters are a tribute to the economics of the abstract design economy. the art of the director and his animators. The edges of the edge of the image change the dramatic effect of a certain scene, and the lighting feature of dark ages brings KELLS'S SECRET to a delightful animated life. Undoubtedly, historical plays usually tell us more about the subjects of our time, than in those times they try to play. However, in this story by introducing archetypal elements, THE SECRET OF KELLS writers and directors transmit the symbolic meaning of life life, which emerges from that period of psychologically truth that is far from Ireland. . (United States of America's showcase for KELLS SECRET OF SARTU is not historically likely, but they are very well-designed, that is, characters that make a distinctive character, that is, so many universal appealing essences. It has always been a good idea to help me understand the visual arts of different moments and cultures, a clear artistic direction from its historical sources, but also adapted to the animation of the tales, if there was an animation at sunset, it would look KELLS SECRET This is a permanent evolution of transmitting the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration of this artist. (Predicting or, in particular, not being Christians, the film affirms that Jesus "man does not have bread alone.") In my opinion, visual artists The most inspired movie about creativity Andrei Ta rkovskyren ANDREI RUBLEV da. XV. A large Russian icon of the twentieth century. SECRET OF KELLS expresses the same sense of mystery and sensation as regards the artist's visual search and creative process. Yes, it's as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- heck --- it's a drawing! (And those who seem to be young and old). I think that watching this movie can be seen again and again: in a confirmed simple life, KELLS is a classic stylized SECRET.
