Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier Alan Dewames , Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Dark the Mistress, was a television icon of the 80's. The cable showed up tonight. He presented and presented American horror movies, many of which were champions of their predictions and humorous. The actress Cassandra Peterson has been very successful on this date. In 1988, his first movie was released. He is playing for himself, monster movie shows are stuck but he wants to make his show in Las Vegas and he does a great deal of money. Manny agents prove again. Not a relative deceased before, he inherited a pet dog and a recipe book. He came to claim a legacy of a small town in Nevada - he was going to Vegas and he was lost and soon leads to the locals. Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg), who talks about the conservative council, soon sees the dignity and dignity of the small town as a threat. The imaginary element and the winning personality are soon drawn by young people from the city. Bob Redding (Daniel Greene) falls to the carpentry of the village, but to face real relationships is in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), who inherits a portion of the eldest of Elvira's relatives, is William Morgan Sheppard, an elvira's aunt and Elvira himself, an old witch who sells herself. He knows that the so-called "recipe book" is a book that is a powerful magic, the power he claims to himself. He intended to kick Elvira, he would go into the village to burn the town. How will Elvira come out? He was a great success at the box office and, above all, it was aimed at young audiences who knew the show Elvira. Actually, this is a fun and sensitive movie. The script is full of jokes, some bad, some good, sexual promotions, visual jokes and the belfry, that is, the last brilliant scene Elvira has finally got his strip show in Vegas in Las Vegas. This movie is a classic worshiper who offers Elvira enthusiasts. Otherwise, you can not enjoy this movie. It is a retrospective of the "80s" pop culture. Elvira was an icon of the 80's, Alf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
