Since the early 1970s and early 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) became a modest icon and a real cult figure in horror and monster movies. While Mrs. Peterson got some great help at some movies, covering a wide variety of genres, Elvira earned her most reputed television character. Part of his charm ?? and respect for fans? In fact, he never retreated to the horror genre he made famous (unlike other great actors and actors who want to get away from his "beginning" work). I have only seen her television shows, but she encouraged me to watch her own songs in the final gossip of "Mistress of the Dark" in Ghoultown. This video showed me more than once: over the years, Elvira has had a great impact on the mid-eighties. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after the film "Fear night" and "TerrorVision" just like their television homage and scams, it eventually happened: "Elvira, the dark lady", a picture of the film. Now, I saw the trailer again in the days of renting the VHS, but they took me to the movie last week to see the real movie. A few years ago I saw "Elvira Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason I was not surprised at all. Was it really annoyed, or should I give another watch? I really want to see it again now, this '88 first film of 'Elvira '88 has really convinced me. Although filmed as part of this film, Sam Egan and John Paragon could be the keynote speaker, there is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson feels very comfortable (she also co-wrote the script). . <br /> <br /> When Elvira is listening to one of the great aunt's recipients (she's never heard), Las Vegas is a great opportunity to start her own show. Her straight inherited money, he traveled to a quiet New England country. They look at Falwell people. In a short time, he insults and insults the significant inhabitants of the conservative small town, his provocative conduct (often unintentionally). To make matters worse, his legacy was not as expected: a beautiful house, cuisine and champion. But he did not know, even his uncle Vincent Albot, who was a great aunt, was a witch, and he cooks recipes to collect the darkest and most obscure powers that are imaginable. And if you have not turned off the movie, Elvira has cooked the first recipe book, make sure that this smile will make you smile on your face. > <br /> It's amazing how to tell a coherent story about how the boob-jokes, single lines, movie references, jokes and favorite merit scripts inside. Simple, of course, but consistent. Other films, based on gag-like situations, often relieve you of the track of the story (for example, "Naked Gun"), this film does not. In the 1980s, many horror comics were being produced, but many did not work. Stop horror corruption at some point ("Killer Party"), but in the end I'm very grateful for the bonkers or it's too boring ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more than a horror comedy, it does not go unnoticed and, as a result, a supernatural spectacle on the streets of Falwell, Elvira's newest witch and bad uncle Talbot. including the true divine witch hunt and the very momentous recognition of Elvira. <br /> <br /> I tell you that the power of the movie could not lead to any imbalance. I picked up one of the first jokes that already existed when the name of Daniel Greener appeared. Daniel? Yes, I met his name (and later his face was killed). How do you forget about seeing Daniel Greene ... "Cyborg atomic or Steel Fists"! But if you have not seen an "Atomic Cyborg", sorry, but you can not laugh at it. And in a side note, I could never have thought Elvira looked at it without looking at it, as it was moving away from the gas station. Even though Robert Rodriguez did not shoot that look any better.
