"Why did they do so great? Why did not they just give money to the poor?" Questions about Cathedra Mr. Harvey asked a student at Salisbury Cathedral at school. He answered "It's a good question". "Waiting for inspiration for sharing - to get a stunning look." I'm not sure the catastrophes affect all of this impact, but this movie has had this impact. It was wonderful! <br /> <br /> It's not like that. It seemed like a bit of a time - a school trip to the Salisbury Cathedral. This is basically a place where you've traveled outside of high school anymore. One day you have a group of kids happy to go to school outside of the school, trying to drive them by bus and drive by some teachers. There, I got the initial reaction, so I got the shirt. Eventually I thought that this would be a story of a professor who helped inspire a disinterested student group. Yawn! But it's much more! Mr. Timothy Spall was great Mr. Harvey - a dark and shameless professor with a curious fascination of the cathedral. Throughout the movie, his story slowly goes out and becomes the focus of the story. We will also join some of the most disturbing students - especially Helen, who plays Nathalie Press well-known to their own mutilations. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it has some powerful reflections. in religious matters. When Harvey points out that Jonathon's colleague (directed by Ben Miles) "I do not care if anyone believes, while everyone else does not have power," Harvey replied: "That's not tolerance, it's indifference!" - This is precisely (in my opinion) that often passes through the tolerance of religious tolerance in society. There are concerts of different characters, and the last scene of the film has been excellent. As Harvey goes back to the bus, Susanna White has raised the camera uphill, so the final shot has nothing more than the sky - if you look back at Harvey's feedback, the purpose of the cathedral is to give people a terrific look. The Cathedral achieves its goal. We look at the universe fear, we want to define something more than ourselves, but we want to define it. This is a very powerful and highly inspiring movie. 9/10
