Match 1: Tag Team Table Matching Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started the things with the Tag Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both opponents must go through the table to win. Benoit and Guerrero initially warmed the spike and Bubba Ray's hammering twist. Benoit's Bubba German Suplex dumped his brother Dudley. Spike wanted to help his brother, but the judge caught the corner of Benoit and Guerrero. Benoit, after a stroke of Bubba, Guerrero put a table outside. Spike entered the ring and hit the top of the rope outside the Guerrero from outside. After retrieving and taking care of Spike, Guerrero joined the ring and Wolverine helped him. Tandem then created a double superplex, double-sided supercomputer cord that would enter the Bubba table, but spied it to the table before breaking down his brother. Guerrero and Benoit put another table in the corner and tried with Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba entered and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and threw two opponents back to the body! Bubba blocked Guerrero and Spike Wolverine squeezed it from the top. Bubba detained Benoit in Spike Wassup! headbutt! Shortly afterwards, Benoit scored at Spike in the Crossface, but continued the match after leaving Spike. Bubba came to the rescue of his brother and opened it on the table Benoit. Bubba jumped from the middle rope, but Benoit moved and Bubba peeled! But as his opponents did not push at the table, Bubba remained in the match. The first man, shortly after, was removed, however, Spike put Eddie through a table with a Dudley Dawg ring! Benoit Spike put it through a table later with score. For the whole second, Bubba put Bubba Bomb on a Bename table and Dudley won it! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cross Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble when Nidia took him to a ring for the Championship Championship. Noble and Kidman were locked up and locked in, locked in and others rushed. When Kidman disapproved of all Noble's movements, Noble escaped away when Nidia escaped away. The fight spread outside the ring and Noble challenged his girlfriend. Kidman ignored Nida, but changed the bar with a change bar. Noble has attacked Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's injury was damaged, but he continued to fight. Noble tried to throw Kidman away, but the challenge went into his face. Kidman finished things with a Starter Press, but he broke the Noble essay. Kidman resumed Shooting Star Press, but this time Noble was in danger. Noble Kidman immediately pushed it into a power bomb and the WWE would save its WWE fleet tournament! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal and Jeff Hardy William Regal took Jeff Hardy to win the European championship. After Jeff Regal catapulted on the top chain, take it with a hurricane ring off the apron. Back to the ring, Jeff hit Whisper with the wind to see Regal looping. He went on to look for Jeff Swanton Bomb, but received Regal knees to go with Jeff's destructive shot. Jeff Regal was surprised, but he was keen to keep the European championship! Regals hardy started to take his path when he saw the road go up. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho and John Cena. Chris Jericho ordered John Cena's run on Vengeance (next) match. Jericho tried to teach Lesson Cena, when he began to dive into the match. Jeriko continued to knock around Cena ring until his excellence improved. On top of the string, Jericho started to showboat and could take it to the superhero Cena! He continued his twist on the Dinner, but they took him with a few strokes. He recovered the rookie and strode his stomach, but he could not leave Y2J. Jericho entered into Lionsault, but dismissed the Cena movement. Jeriko broke a bulldog and then connected it to Lionsault, but he did not take cover. Cen walked to put Jericho walls. Cena had other ideas, making the move an inverse attempt and getting 1-2-3. After the match, Jeriko started. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD and Brock Lesnar dismissal Next Next Thing and Mr. Inter-Continental Tournament in the Pay-Per-View line. Brock took the title to ref and shrugged his shoulder at the RVD. Van Dam was quick to give up. The big man fled from the ring and the steel step frustrated the frustration. Brock picked up and took responsibility. Looking at Paul Heyman's pendant, Brock pulled out RVD's heavy-duty ground attack. Thereafter, Brock began to overcome the RVD, pulling it up with his rope. RVD quickly landed and then crushed its backbone against the ring of steel rings. Brock returned to the ring of combat, stretching RVD on the ribs. RVD broke up and immediately kicked Brock into the temple. RVD continued with Rolling Thunder, but Brock scored twice. The RVD seemed to be fighting soon enough to go to the Five-Star Frog Splash. Brock, however, lifted his Van Dam shoulder and looked for F-5, but RVD joined Brock in a DDT and continued with Frog Splash! He closed the pin, but Heyman came out of the corner! The stream immediately called the disqualification and soon exchanged Heyman! Then, the RVD jumped to Brock from the top of the rope, then tapped Van Terminator! Heyman took the RVD leg and Brock received a champion and this time he was in a steel chair with the F-5! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Shower Booker T Big Show face to face. Show Booker T's kicks and punch him and Booker shut himself up. After throwing it on the ring, Booker took a chair behind him, but Big Show went into the face of Booker. Booker tried to re-enter the game with a camera cord to wait for the ring. Booker broke the position of the Spanish press into the show's skull and broke the television monitor after delivering the shot at the table at the table! Booker crawled around the ring and the Big Show departed for several moments. The show caught the throat of Booker, but a small blow to his face was filled. He climbed up the edge of Booker and began to fall into a falling leg to get a pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Advertisement: Triple H ring came into an unobstructed toe, hoping that fans would wait for the Game to compete. Before talking, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to get his business done. If Triple H has signed with RAW, Bischoff would never again play his personal life. Bischoff said he has spent the last two years in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next stop for the WWE Superstar, and when they talked about Three Triple Bischoff, when Bischoff signed with RAW with Triple, he would have great chances. Stephanie McMahon posted her pitch. With his personal history with Triple H, they both know each other very well. Both of them told me that once they were unstoppable and could be back. Bischoff asked him to cut himself off and stop him. Stephanie mentioned that H Triple once told Bischoff how he said H Triple had no talent and charism. Bischoff said that at that time he was young and did not know what he was, but Stephanie still has a great deal of experience. Both went on and on, until Triple H stepped on with the microphone. The Game said it would be easy to say one of those "screws". Triple H Bischoff shook his hand, but he pulled out. He said he would prefer to go to the devil, than he knows. Before he could go ahead, Shawn Michaels shook off the things he had taken. The HBK said he wanted to make it last, it could have a problem. He did not want to participate, but he committed to bring H Triple nWo. HBK said that Triple H is not the best friend in the world. HBK told his friends to imagine them together again, making Bischoff's life a living hell. Triple H said the offer was tempting. Then he activated and embraced HBK, the official changed his RAW! H triple and HBK left and Bischoff rejoiced his victory. Bischoff said that the difference between both has a testicle and does not. Stephanie turned Bischoff back and left! <br /> <br /> <br /> Match 7: Team Stats Match against Christian and Lance Storm against Hollywood Hogan and Edge. The game started with "US" songs and with Hogan Christian ropes and ring. From here the Canadians took it. But Edge got one of Mr. Christian and raised it before Storm to get Hogan's label. Hogan started up Hulk and soon Christian caught a great boot and leg fall! The storm counted and Christian pulled the ring portrait of Hogan in the icon. Edge was soon tagged and thrown out by opponents. Both of them held their corner against the rebel, but lost a spear of Strom, and instead hit it. He embedded a Edge DDT, but the king went down and could not count. The race ran and Hogan went down and flattened Edge with a start. The storm tried to get a pin, but Edge pulled it back. Riksihi escaped the test and Edge recovered and stormed. Christian, however, refused to attack, and Y2J Edge interrupted the Edge Team Tag Tournament! The storm escaped and the title was available to win! Winners and new team champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. The Rock vs. Kurt Angle and Undertaker WWE's 3 most successful supermarkets hit against Triple Threat Match together with the Undisputed Championship. Taker and The Rock have come up against Kurt Angle asking for attention. The other two men attacked him. Shortly afterwards, Taker emerged from the ring, and was dragged with Rock Angle. Angulas gave a series of superheroes from Rock, but Great One contradicted it with a DDT that managed both counts. Fighting continued out of the ring, Taker grew up in Angle and covered it with clothes and repeatedly knocked Rocka. Taker and Rock entered again, and Taker dropped Rock with a pavement to get two numbers. Rock jumped, Taker caught him by the throat and hit him! Angulo broke the essay that would be titled The Rock. He blocked the rock with an ankle with Kurt Angle. Angle changed the movement and the Rock Bottomed People Champion. Shortly afterwards, Rock's Angle dismissed and hit People's Elbow in Undertaker. Angel disqualified the Great Advantage outside the ring and, when Taker covered it, he pulled out the two numbers. Outside the ring, Rock took a huge swig from the nearby water bottle and dropped the liquid onto the Taker face to blind the champions. Taker had not been able to overthrow for a long time, and was able to overcome Rock and focused on Angulura. Taker dropped a knife leg at Angle, ringed over the ring. Rock immediately picked up Kurt Angle's pinstrips. Taker dumped it with a Rock DDT and sought out a lawyer. ANgle tried to hide it with a steel chair, but Taker caught the tomatoes and pushed him out of his hand. The judge caught him in the following fire and did not see Angle Taker stupid with a steel chair. It was covered by Angulea Taker, while the rock was in motion, but he raised the shoulder somewhat. He tried with Angulo Rock, but he also dumped him. Rock got up and Angle landed the sharpshooter! Angle looked like she looked, but Taker sent Rock's shot. Taker picked up Rock up and hit the Last Ride. The dead man won while he was covering it, the angel entered and ran his ankle locked! Taker got upset, but got the counterattack. He picked up the angle for the last ride, but his angle was tightened by a triangle! He seemed to look like Taker, but Rock had broken Angulo's attachment to find the only one who was locked in his ankle. Rock out of the goalkeeper and watched Taker's Chokeslam Angle. He hit Rocky Rock Bottom, but Taker did not go down and expelled. Angula turned to Taker in Angle Slam, but Rock Bottomed with One Great and quickly squeezed it! Winner and new WWE champion: Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there is a decent PPV! Finally PPVs were not very good, but this was the winner. I give this PPV to A- <br /> <br />
