Many people know how to feel when one loves it. Pain, pain and pain may be overwhelming feelings. However, sometimes, memories are the worst emotions. The theme is the short film 'Tulip', winner of the award winner Rachel Griffths. As a movie he describes himself as 'a lot of love memories', a sensitivity and feeling chain has grown considerably in this 15-minute movie. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' is very beautiful, touch and touch. The story of a man who warms his heart, through his relationship with a very special woman whose wife was at risk of losing his wife. The film begins with a rising dawn, an echo of birds and a vast landscape, introducing a sense of harmony presented throughout the film. He plays soft music, marking Ruth (Jean Bain). He wears a beautiful dress and apron in his head in the sun. Gently, Tulip blazes, caressing her ears and giving her back. The stylish house is spectacular and gives details of attention (the tulip garden can be seen on the bench), which reflects a peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greeted Ruth while her milk was burning. Milk and coffee have been pulled together, a sign of friends and team work. No word is said, but it is obvious that their close and affectionate relationship is; They paint the perfect image of happiness. <br /> <br /> Sadly, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragic passage is deeply influenced by Will. The effective scene of the extinct cars emphasizes Willen's isolation and weakness at the end of the funeral day. Soon, he enters depression and does not surround him around, everything seems unexpected and lost. At Will's despair, Tulip became a symbol of Ruth, a real bond with Will's late wife. Through Tulips, Willek learns to face Ruth and overcome the dull feeling of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Every character represents a real and solid, especially Willen's part. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell gives life through personal investment. The last loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) is reflected effectively in his work. His condemnation of all the wrinkles of his shoulders and brow gives him an empathy of the spectator's character. Ruthen is an excellent character by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word, Will's sweet personality and a loving relationship with Will are evident. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give beautiful performances like Margaret and Mary's friends. They also add sour humor to the sour story. <br /> <br /> An episode of Griffith's childhood, loss and discovery story is well trapped in 'Tulip'. Beautifully filmed and brilliant, but definitely you will like to drink a misty eyed movie, a triumphant or a glass of milk.
