Successful movie comic strips tend to be more criminals than life, to blend in with a smile or a dirty or dirty line of conversation. Tim Burton Batmans was called Sin City (even more grotesque). Warren Beatty is the star of producer / director Dick Tracy until he becomes part of the field. In the 1930s gangster photos like a boisterous homage, this time for kids, darker Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy are satisfied, happy, with archetypes and bright colors first, where criminals make tomato guns and they are made up. to customize her faces. Fears, Shoulders, Lips, Face, Mumble, Blank, Pruneface, Spies like Spud. Chester Gould gave names to the characters that fit his profiles, and gave him a stick that could cut his glass into his hero. The film is a continuation of the rumors that are visible. <br /> <br /> Movies like Batman at that time and (underlining) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were depicted as a comic scheme in the dark imagery of reality. Dick Tracy is the "old school" more. It's a story of police and attackers, or a police officer, Tracy Detective Big Boy (Al Pacino, which is arguably the biggest performer of his time today is trying to bust and, to some extent, wisely for his grandiose style). , but anyway, with luck. There is also a small child named "Kid" (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow does not want to imagine that child), and Tracy's interest in Tess's love. And then there's a 'dame' nightclub (Madonna surely does not give a lot of play, but maybe the role works well, and she sings her singing songs), who does not admit that Tracy does not accept her feelings. I do not have it Then Tracy goes down and there is a mysterious mask in a dreadful voice. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, if the visual effect and explosion of a Howard Hawks movie resembles, Dick Tracy adds a lot of comic comics and his syrup into a tall pancake. It is amazing to look at this world, which has been made in today's most fascinating ways. The computer proxy (that is, Sin City, that is, just like the Beatty movie) could be created. We travel through this world in large shots, then we will enter the plot line, or whatever, with small camera angles, that come out in the old comic books. Cotton Club reminds me of almost all these sequences; The story, the music, the details, and the BIG punches and the gun shoot are a long way to reveal what it is to say, but, in fact, it's not over. needs. And there is a confusing charge for dialogue with dialogue (one of my favorites: "the enemy of my enemy ... my enemy", and other citations from Pacino). <br /> <br /> Having watched the first time in film theater (and remembering a few small pieces), Dick Tracy is a fantasy boiling fantasy. It is full of joy for the children, and with good-natured actions, comedian movie comedians (that is, the PG-13 fare) escape without malicious intentions, and for adults, with a throw-in. A strong sensitivity to the bad and the strong. Even though Dustin Hoffman was shocked, he hardly ever heard it!
