Start-up commercial credits create a brilliant and entertaining getaway that is filled with small comic strip heads. Good looks all good, bad guys are all bad, and the movie is a well-known character that determines the characteristics that cover make-up. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the last tough, direct, impossible man, usually calm, always better than a fighter, and rarely limiting legality. Al Pacino has stolen all of Caprice's "Big Boy" strangers in some 1930s non-gangster metropolises. He plays Maddonna as a person who plays Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub and a femme fatale with his little agenda. Gleanne Headly Tracy is a tough conversation, an independent independent woman for a long time. And then The Kid, who takes the busy little street, which forms his father after his father's face, and Tracy saves them when this detective is awakened. <br /> <br /> Players are the actors of Who's Who. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke District Attorney, to keep the post from Big Boy's goon on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous turn in Mumbles, until the dialect is so indescifrable as the police can not say what the tail or tail is. R.G. Armstrong Pruneface. Big Boy is one of the rival gangsters against which to create a criminal network that extends throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin has 88 Keys, Breathless's pianist for the show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips with Manlis, who is a former fan of Breathless, Big Boy will give him "Bath". James Caan make-up is pretty small as a single gangster who does not go along with his big boy. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are Big Boy's executives, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This movie saves all the comic book and has bright colors. Almost all outfits are blues, green and yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow can be found in this movie - and then some! The matte paints that are used are really two-dimensional in this world, they only work in three-dimensional sets. It's a lot of humor. Al Pacino meets the shoes of his character, like other characters that have not played before or after. Big Boy is crazy and self-compelling. Referring to Human Founders and talking to great political leaders, there is a strange curious man. The man with the plan is always looking for the most intelligent way to do business.
