Some time in the nineteenth century At the end of the century, somewhere in Western America, there are several cowboy buffalo hunts. The group's leader thinks that Buffalo's are abundant in hunting to have an impact on them, but an experienced experienced hunter has seen how to accelerate the population and not so sure. Wildlife buffalo bulls living in South Dakota and movies that show true hunting (the introduction of the film explains how the flock should be exhausted), the impact of the buffalo film and its American Americans is a great job. Preaching about it. <br /> <br /> The real story is about a dysfunctional family created by this small hunting group. His father is Charlie, a violent man with a violent short. Sandy, his "brother," is a tired hunter who is dying to die, but he needs a job after losing his cattle. A half-boy in India seems to look like the Caucasian, he takes on the role of the creditor's son. Grandpa (and compass) is an alcoholic buffalo; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman who killed her friends after stolen horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie really is the most interesting image. It is against everything that surrounds it and is aggressive, but at the same time knows that it is the only family and friends of the same. Women in India are hoping to hate it, then they should be admitted, but they do not know how to react. First of all, it is the family that joins but ultimately it's a lot to destroy. <br /> <br /> This is all similar to the classic "Red River", which also has the characteristics. An increasingly strong and alienated image of a father extracts a family type. As expected, this movie suffers from comparing this movie. The plot does not focus on the development of characters and family dynamics, and management fails to focus all of the scenes on that common goal. Charlie is very unlikely at the beginning, because we have never had any reason to take care of her family or what happens. On the positive side, however, the message about buffalo murder adds an extra dimension to the movie and is much larger than the end of the "Red River" end of the movie. As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining movie, very well done, but something that is unnecessary for classics.
