I recently saw Spirit and I really enjoyed it. I bought HBO and purchased 4 times and bought the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews thought that "Vanishing Point" was just another film of the car and it was just another butterfly movie called "Thelma & Louise". Even though the effects of these films are more obscure, I think the issues are somewhat related; Freedom and individualism are very important and you usually want someone to withdraw from you. The other characteristic feature of these films are the careful and careful angels who help the protagonists to overcome their madness. <br /> <br /> Another review cites here how this film links to the subject of civilization with someone else. man We need to unite to bring them closer to the open spaces around us. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the cheerleaders looked at me, acted and moved naturally. . The emotions of Spirits were very clear as the story progresses (I know how horses humanize a bit, but it's fiction). In a scene of action, you feel trapped in the stream of fire and heat. You can try backgrounds in some other quiet scenes (for most of the time). One of the great things that really works in the story is not a conversation, a song's animal walk. This would help to reduce the power of the story. The story's story is told by the occasional narrative of the main character, which adds wonderful soundtracks. Another advantage was not that they feared that the story would be somewhat obscured (actually, this could be seen). This is not the main feature of the whole movie, and the result is adequate and effective without being sappy. <br /> <br /> Those who like horses really like this movie, but I think that it is more than one horse. movie I do not think it would be a good movie if they put children on the red tariff they offer today. However, though the Lord of the Rings and Belar Beltza are thought to be believable, they love the movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and I still love things.
