I had the privilege of seeing Scarface on the big screen, with a 35 mm print record, in honor of the 20th anniversary of these films. It was great to see this on the big screen, because a lot of TV was lost and the general reproduction of this project can not be stressed enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a rebuild of classical outfits in wealth, Al Pacino, as the Cuban drug owner Tony Montana. In this release, Tony arrives to Americas for the wave of immigration of the Cubans at the end of the 1970s, at the beginning of the 1980s. Tony and his colleagues soon retrieve their cards in a city with a political person in the city of Karpan and after a short stay at a Cuban restaurant; Tony will be launching his huge destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie play so talented and so enjoyable, I've forgot the movie for the past twenty years. Since Robert Loggia is the patron of Tony, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is trustworthy, and Tony will appear instantly, gentle. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez, one of our greatest actors, has portrayed F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) One. Suárez is the last and he'll do anything for Frank; he does not have the minds of himself. Tony quickly sees this and is constantly fighting with Suarez, but really sees a small problem on his way out. The character that he deserves to be worthy of is Mel Bernstein, Harris Yulin (Training Day). He is a brave detective in Miami Narcotics. Mel, without guilt, covers a large amount of money in every aspect of the drug industry. Frank plays Tony with Frank and captures a scene that marks Mel's output. It's not worth the rainfall for Frank to ask Mel, when Tony is about to kill Mel, they'll answer, "Frank's tree is sitting there." Frank is the man who is paying for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is meteoric and he joins the speed and intensity of his rapid crash and burning. With Frank and his wife and business, Tony's delights are not enough. As Tony immerses himself in drugs, greed and trust in the world, he finally loves and marries his best friend and kills his sister. All of this is an army compound by a Tony attacked by tractors who feel betrayed by his tractor, because Tony would not order a political murder. It's all a blame for Tony's denial of the victim's wife and son's death. <br /> <br /> All in the 1980s is a great representation of excessive cocaine culture. DePalma is a nice job in one of the three-hour moving movies. Violence is very graphic and the viewer has scenes permanently engraved in any head, especially when watching the motorcycle, and the black head that ends with the two-headed vacuum and the movie. This is a highly recommendable stylistic film for those who need malicious or high verse and possible sequences. DePalm has flown here.
