One of the definitive films of the 1980s, Scarface is a movie of his time. When you notice this movie you first notice that it cries "It was in 1983". Costumes, music scores and soundtracks, hairstyles, do not bother, that is, a movie about crime in the 80s, and it has to be a great date, but it does not have it. It's still a great movie. Georgio Moroder's music has been correct, but Tony Montana's story goes well, thanks to the brilliant screenplay of Oliver Stone and Brian De Palma's first solo director, one of two films by Pacino, the other being the Carlito Way, . All of Palma's brands are here; Strong language, graphic violence (later), abuses and, of course, elegant camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino is a major cinema and I mean literally. It is the main protagonist of this film. One of the above-mentioned films, that is, one of them, like Pacino, is not so much as he shouts his lines, this time with a magnificent Cuban accent. However, it's Pacino and it's fantastic. He could not go far alone on the top and he could still be far from the movie, in his entirety. While some complain about their cries of lines and excessive abuse, it's an excessive movie. Look at Tony's design of the house, see the violence of this film. The motorcycle accident is terribly brutal and is everywhere in blood. Filmed in the end, it's similar to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo movies. Look at the number of cokes that are in the movie, because Pacino's performance is perfect for cinema. Its actors are similar to telling their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, especially Manny, Tony's best friend, stands out among the supporters. His screenplay is so controlled and relaxed as De Niro, it's surprising how he finished directly to video soft pornography. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggiar adds an unusual record and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes Tony's sister a great debut. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's over an excess movie. There are more than a lot of drugs, violence, attacks on motorcycles and more. It's a movie about the darkest side of America's dream. In many ways, it matches Godfather movies. Tony comes to America, when he is getting everything, he says he's lost all of his American dream and then he's lost everything and loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister dies, his empire literally crumbles around him, and kill him above him, he runs through bullets. <br /> <br /> Without a doubt, Scarface is one of the main films of the 80's. Of course, he does not have the subtleties of The Godfather, but that's still a good movie and it's worth it every now and again.
