"Classics are what everyone wants to read, but no one reads, classics praise everyone, but nobody reads it." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> 'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe Scarface, describing Brian DePalm's 1983 film opulence, self-esteem, greed and Florida's drug-rhythm. People and critics (and rapists like this) play a "epic classical gangster" or "gangster movie epitome". It's just that. It is excused for the wrong reasons. Scarface is an excellent movie that praises the world, but it is not the ups and downs of current audiences, which is why it generates general points among the citizens. <br /> <br /> <br /> First, the film is about a Cuban refugee, a desire to escape communism and find happiness. Simple? Yes But the layers of De Palma's director's geniuses, and the wonderful story written by Oliver Stone (I know what he's really real here). The characters are trying to escape, because escape is a natural element that all the films are. Each character offers something that everyone likes. They are part of the world of miscellany and money, but they all have a price, as everyone learns. Each character believes that getting better opportunities in life, if dramatic irony, is worse. The word 'tragedy' would be better for describing this film. Consumers of drugs, those who exacerbate the violence, the dialogues, have lost sight of it. There are no positive expectations of anything positive from the positive side of the film. That's why the movie works fine. The film destroyed by the film serves to send the movie message to avoid attracting a fresh or attractive look. Brian De Palma does not shoot filmmakers or headless worship activities. <br /> <br /> Next, the movie is adult. It's not a "gangster movie". It has an action fee, but the action is carefully drawn, so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens," an example of a mixed-action movie, and most of the people watch this movie as a huge movie about Gangster films about people of drugs and shooting. Ridiculous Hogwash. If that movie is around, then it's a bad thing. There is no promotion. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie is a big movie. Cinematography is an excellent storyline. It has a very dramatic score (it's really Giorgio Moroder's style), it would simply give you cold, or bring tears. The movie is a long story, but it's a story that is counted at every moment. The performance is wonderful. Al Pacino - he said enough. He can carry out any task that he cares for himself, and there is no exception. Steven Bauer, a pretty boy, as Manny. I did not think much about other films he has made, but I really like that when he starts with the direction of the master De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is just as real as Elvira. What was coming out of Grease 2's outburst came from fresh. He got the card to go without performing a play without performing a beauty that does not meet more than one eye. In this regard, three true diamonds are like Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio, Tony Gina, sister: when we smile or weep, we see her soul and a fresh way of life, and we see her deteriorating; Paul Shenar, Alejandro Sosa, druggist, who is deeper than the river, and portrays Shenar; and Miriam Colom, the destroyed mother of Tony and Gina. These three are more powerful in the movie. <br /> <br /> This reviewer has learned one of the main things for seeing "Scarface" for the first time. Always enter into an unbelievable film. The rumor of this movie and all the talks can not be prepared for what you really see. To know De Palma (as I'm doing), you just need to take on the importance of making the movie. So do not discourage rape, dismiss the supporters of violence, and fix a Bailey's glass in the rocks, and enjoy yourself a wonderful movie, seeing the real "Scarface".
