Every major gangster movie has a human drama underneath. Do not make an emotional story of guilt, accident, and despair called "Scarface". This is a wild hunger, a corruption and a power story. A darker part of the famous "American dream". This film is missing from anyone complaining about "bad". Surfers' characters, dumb music and dancing will be a critique of this overly diabogical life. There is nothing in the life of the characters, no matter at least human. In fact, the movie is almost satire, as ironically considering all the gangster rappers inspired by Tony Montana Tony's lifestyles. <br /> <br /> This is not the strongest steering effort by Brian DePalm, which is occasionally superb and well-managed ... especially the most memorable one, but often deceives sloppy and bad. Fortunately, Oliver Stone's script is very strong (probably a good therapy, based on the tradition of coca-making at that time). The issues are consistent, as Tony Montana's life and nature evolve, grows greed and power. It's a great conversation to see the relaxation between humor and drama. There are several stand-out lines that have been channeled to popular culture differently. <br /> <br /> Pacino's film is also cast. One of the most recent of his previous performances (which is nowadays much more common), this is a completely separate world between Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico. However, it is always seen as it is here, in a very entertaining (and deliberately over-the-top) way. It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana after watching this movie, probably among the most popular performances ever. Pfeiffer noticed at first sight the sad and inconvenient thing, but I realized that his wife was bored. It is not an extraordinary effort, but it is misunderstood. The assistant players are also very good, especially Paul Shenar Alejandro Sosa is gentle. <br /> <br /> Powerful, occasionally humorous, sometimes touching and constantly controversial. "Scarface" is one of the 80's films (what you mean by yourself). A milestone in the gangster's film and a pop-culture milestone. 9/10
