Those who have rated low on production have probably never seen the famous production of George Balanchine on stage, or Macaulay Culkin's star casting casting. Atlanta Ballet was fortunate in the 60s and 80s to become a ballet company to produce New York City Ballet, and I watched it on stage on several occasions. The readers can assure you that the production of this movie is quite accurate and that the role of the title is not intended to be used for the use of children with limited dancing. Balanchine had the idea of ​​using a child to use this role, as Marie's idea was to use a child as a child. The story of adults is "heavy dancing". <br /> <br /> This is a must-take movie; Somehow, "Othello" resembles Laurence Olivier. As in that movie, the set of stage production has increased to the size of a standard sound of a movie, but they do not artificially make less, and the ballet is shot directly with discreet trays and quickly cuts music videos. Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard's 1986 version appeared. There are two simple steps in this 1993 movie. It's a question of paying attention and adding totally unnecessary sound effects (sore mouse, children whisper "Ma-gic" to Drosselmeyer ...). These sound effects have never been heard as "Bug Tracks" in any stage of production, and they have been put on the cheap concessions that the film makers are not wise. /> Another fake step is Macaulay Culkin's skin compactor, it seems completely ridiculous. As the Cracker is on the screen, instead of using a large mask (as Balanchine production is on stage), Culkin is actually a toy - it looks like a cap on the head and hairless, beard and beard. In addition, his face has accelerated a bit, and the worst part of his make-up is still known as the "amateur wizard", similar to Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr's theater. (The results of the make-up of the film, however, have been spectacular, since this is not the case.) And the comparison with Baryshnikov's soft skin shows how Baryshnikov's skin splints were as creative as "stunning" as Baryshnikov's "masks" were moving whenever Baryshnikov broke his head. <br /> <br /> The same dance in Macaulay Culkin. It's an excellent version, of course, except Culkin himself, his dance, as I said, does not want to be spectacular. (Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier are the key role in the dance production of "The Nutcracker" by Balanchine, but the film is a fantasy of brighter color, and its adaptation is so loyal to Tchaikovsky's addictive musicians "The Sleeping Beauty" When she enters Marie, she falls asleep on the bench, and she feels that Drosselmeyer has "fixed" her. "Broken helmet (this sequence, of course, was not included in the original ballet of Tchaikovsky) is the only sequence of this production that is" Praise " There is another work in music. <br /> <br /> Those who refuse this film or those who despise them (or those who reject them) should have the opportunity to have both disadvantages. It seems that it is much better than when Culkin is there .
