For some reason, this movie never appeared in the original language in my forearm neck (although it owns the TCM UK cable channel, which broadcasts MGM titles on weekends). More disappointing, still M.I.A. DVD? as well as announcing Warners' "Western Classics Collection Box Set" (includes Robert Taylor's gendered efforts); Perhaps, they are saving a "Signature Collection" dedicated to the great MGM's and will coincide next year due to its 40th anniversary? <br /> <br /> This is what the film fills as a malignant role as a selfish indiquered film, and exploits its expert ability to easily make money with the buffalo huntsman; An initial statement offers worrying statistics that the population of this species has fallen from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As a member of the association, Stewart Granger was chosen as a professional retailer? who calls alcoholics, Lloyd Nolan's legged legs (Taylor's constant shame and vengeance) and Russ Tamblyn for young teens. Hopefully, is the company's relationship heavy? He reminds Anthony Mann of THE NAKED SPUR (1953) film center, that is, other mighty Western MGM Westerns. The film approaches the taste and hardness of Mann's work in this field (despite Brooks writer and director, it's just a handful of these outputs, but he has also shown a great diversity); is it here too in the presence of female narratives (Debra Paget, also half a sheep) fighting between two rugged departures? and Granger, just like the NAKED SPUR James Stewart, returns to the shade (sports and profits only have to do with the need to kill buffaloes). <br /> <br /> Does this one even see Taylor take Paget herself? courageous but cold his proximity persisted, secretly Granger's desire? he drinks his frustration while drinking in a bar! Taylor does not make mistakes: is not it as the star of SIERRA MADRE (1948) as the star of the movie TREASURE, and turns it into an unknown and jealous among its partners, especially for a strange one? and so precious? Capture the white buffalo hiding; In any case, Buffalo will be mad (as it was announced in Nolan), which deceived the rumor of the thunder like a mass near a species! Are hunting scenes really spectacular? blowing buffaloes, knocking on the ground, tapping dead endings of the day and eventually infesting the dead. The atypical but memorable neglect of the film is so well known: if he leaves the whole winter, Taylor's blood in Granger must wait until now when he is out of the cave (the latter has taken refuge in Paget); When it came to the end of the day after Granger, Taylor found him in a position he found? death is frozen! <br /> <br /> My father, my father, has a copy of this innovative Milton Lott source, in the original version of the film: has he collected many editions? After all, is it still a fashionable practice? a book is re-published to promote its cinematographic adaptation. Also, regarding the album Taylor and Granger? do those who work here very well? already grouped (siblings whale hunters!) in the seaside adventure USEFUL STORIES (1953), although this is a bit odd, it is difficult to see (even more so, given the fact that it is even more so when the Italian television is similar to age)! !
