Immediately he will come to the Match Point (2005), good and repetitive pieces of "Woody Serious". Scoop gives hope to the master, Allen's small but tough group (who I am myself), master. He has found his form again. Some disappointing efforts, Melinda and Melinda, absurd (2004) and Anything Else (2003) ended their shame, many questions raised Woody's first comedy, as an actor or participatory. Fortunately, the cards turn into Scoop's maguffin light Tarot deck and offers a good read for the future of the comedy Woody Allen. <br /> <br /> Woody's self-casting is still more encouraging, unfortunately. The weakest elements of her latest film - she is inspired by a little self-parody and finally has a small confession and can not play romantic with her young children or daughters enough. In Scoop, Allen puts him with sidestone Sid Waterman, a cheap and old trick, Woody's role, as Woody himself, in London, where he is more receptive, to be at least more. polite Like Allen's Chaplin's Calvero Limelight (1952), Sidens Waterman refuses to distort the artist's art mask and whose public is no longer considered or appreciable. Besides, it seems that allen ticks and toes make a little less time than here. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character also works on the plot. The fake magical dissolution of his magical corpusions becomes Joe Ironstorm (Ian McShane), the famous muckraker journalist and visits to the victims of the late deceased. When he was presented at the River Styx-in-Hades, Strombel jumped on his boat repeatedly, unable to remain in eternity without giving a new "ball" on the identity called "Tarot killer". Unfortunately, the initial return of the dead leads to Waterman's magic show and the only channel of his hot head is Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), a video called by the audience as a comic book. The climate of the magician's tricks. Sonda reluctantly focuses on journalism and drags Waterman into the investigation to fill his role as a millionaire father. As shown in the translation, Johansson has a talented comedy, and his play and Allen is a fun one, and it will be even more threatening than ever to become the focus of love. <br /> <br /> Scoop's killer plots, the horrific prostitutes and Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) are an aristocratic principal suspect, definitely, Allen's predictor of long-lasting Sabbath exposure in London's Jack Ripper milestone and marvelous flowers. However, other Scoop parties (with Match Point) Woody finds himself struggling with the English culture of late life. I classify the class's structure, customs, language, clothing, architecture, and, yes, I give special driving habits to Woody's new fresh material for human behavior, as well as a sharp social satire. For example, while Sondra's attempt by Peter Lyman to enter into a private club with Peter Lyman, Waterman observes that "he's scamming from his point of view". However, humor generates much contrast to the social modes reserved by the British, who meet Waterman's Borscht-Black Belt Plebeianism. And then, of course, Waterman's fun outing does not drive on the left side of the road in the Auto Autonomy. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allenen's Scoop mood has a great deal of dose. jokes, bad reviews on film and literature sources and, increasingly, his filmography references. In addition to the full Jack the Ripper, Grieg's movie "The King of the Mountain King" is called Hans Beckert, the first masterpiece of the M series killer genre, he whispered compulsively. The post-funeral journalist who explores recent exploitations by Joe Strombel imitates the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). Harry Deconstructing (1997) uses Death as a character (with his own voice and special costume), the use of Mandelbaum as the name of the characters, and the references by Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and Sondra, now a student). Additionally, under Greek mythology, the use of the Greek gods of the Hades under the cross of the river recalls the systematic use of the books Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> Like all of the aforementioned gag, Allen's guides do not rely so much on their career as before, but Scoop offers at least two memorable ones. Waterman responds to his religion question: "I was born in Hebrew persuasion, but later I became narcissism." And it breaks Sondra's defeat by Waterman's crime: "If we put our head on, we'll hear an empty noise." After all, Scoop Woody Allen is one of the most sacred comedies of a decade.
