First of all, allow me to watch the audience for a moment. The events of the Middle East may have caused people to behave: "I will enjoy a comedy and George." But for whatever reason, everyone seemed like a comedy. Last time Woody tried to make a straight comedy (The Curse of the Small Time Crooks, Jade Scorpion) The Curse of the Hollywood Curse. I'm sorry that the one-liners were strained and slightly stale. I remember thinking a moment: "That was fun at the beginning of the sixties". If you entered this movie, I thought Woody was turning tone for the deaf, however, whose comical sensibilities were melodies. Actually, they had a large number of AARP friends with my friends, but there were many people between 20 and 30 years old, and it seems that they all get it, and from time to time they refuse to laugh abdominal. rumors, laughter and the like. In many cases, the stuffed man laughed so loudly that he had lost the next line. <br /> <br /> In a thematic way, Woody knew the well-known land. As I suspected the trailer, this film had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery, but once again, Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories) was just a smithgen, Alice, as well as a small tribute to Danny Rose in Broadway. from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Woody is also a movie, Scarlett, Sondra, sometimes a Woody proxy, but his character was far from Nebbish, said Will Ferrell, Melinda and Melinda. or have tried Kenneth Branaugh Celebrity. Markets and archetypal peculiarities, Sondra's nerdishness comes first in the history that shares the family. Often, "family business" leads to the wrong rhythms we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only be perceived as strange curiosity. As we are joking, we can not help laughing. Laughter, however, is not familiar with Woody nebebish, but rather a real nature. In a great part, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow, Scarlett does not use Woody's voice to remind Woody of the role. So we do not extract from narratives as Woody's voice comes from someone else's face. <br /> <br /> My friend's opinion, Sid, a character interpreted by Woody. The role is helpful, but I was more Spanish than I expected. However, Woody seems to have written a character that is in line with his current character. Anything Else's Ed Dobel character is different from the sage or the blind director of Hollywood Ending, this time it is a comfortable precision character. Perhaps, more importantly, the character works in this story. Within the circles that are found, Scarlett uses a much more comical effect than fish waters. Sid is a downward magician who plays for small audiences, but at another time he places the front and center of our delight. <br /> <br /> But about Jackmani? And Ian (Swearengen) McShane? They both liked the way they were used for the piece. I liked the short but effective turns of McShane. Jackman, the "old money" prescribed over 50 years ago, is charming with ease. (Echoes from Cairo Purple Rose?) <br /> <br /> What do I think? A short answer, perhaps his best direct comedy from 1994 to Bullet Over Broadway. Stylized than Mild Aphrodite. Harry is less caustic than destroying them. Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending is less compelled. Woody finally XXI. He has found a comic voice that has been in the twentieth century.
