Greet again from darkness. Remember "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes Even though Mr. Allen was fun for fans to follow his "funny" film. As with all the great artists, allen's craftsmen have evolved over the years and lost some fans while others gathered. "Matchpoint" has shown the masterpiece of the year as important and significant as in "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". For over 40-year-old lovers, Mr. New York seems to have a bit of love in the country. Apparently, he really liked England !! While "Matchpoint" was filming, Mr. Allen fell in love with Scarlett Johansson, as well as her true spirit and humor. This attraction has written his best comedy over the years. Scarlett, while exposing excessive exposure, has to take care of filming a movie in a brilliant picture. He does not scare to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop", the chops on the screen comedy are true and, in many scenes, directs the correct man from Allen. Of course, everybody who decides to put Mrs. Allen on the camera will get much more than just lines and social commentaries, which is because they do little <br /> <br />> Great support for Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives some instructions to many of us why they thought they were the best option to replace Brosnan for the new Bond. As with most Allen films, it's a star screenplay, not an actor. Although Scarlett is delightful, despite Allen and Jackman's counterpart, this makes the conversation ... interview ... especially with Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a huge Woody fan of actors, do not be afraid. It limits the time of its screen and is very effective, it seems that almost anywhere in two or three short scenes. Another tradition in Woodman is a great music and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially Strauss's composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a nice cross between Annie Hall and the best Marx brothers. Comedy Cary Grant. Yes, it's an adult comedy, but it's really nice ... especially in the series killer and fantasy comedy ...
