"Scoop" is the name of a thirty novel by Evelyn Waughe, and the new Woody Allen movie, set today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. He does not have the deep characterization, intense play, suspense or the final ice cream of the last effort of Allen, "Match Point" (many, including the reviewer, who has argued for a strong return) but looks like "Scoop". Allen's latest outing focusing on English aristocrats, London emails, murders and detection. This time Woody leaves behind the genre of murder mystery for adults and goes back to the comedy, and is again on the screen as a fun voyeur in Vaudeville, Sid Waterman, the magician, The Great Splendini. I became a Hebrew persuasion, but I became older than narcissism. "In the midst of the standard action of Dematerialization of Splendin, as a volunteer with Scarlett Johansson (Sondra Pransky), twin differences stem from the partner. Styx's side, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), Lord Lyman's secretary He has just known that he was poisoned and said he was a murderer of the London series, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), a slaughterer of the London series, and Sondra and Sidek soon became the love couple, with pure spirits of Sondra, and suntan beauty in London The aristocracy's cream was cut off quickly. <br /> <br /> Woody does not allow her young hero to be a young muse - once again in "Match Point" (Johansson) - as in the past, Scarlett does not have an ambitious sex and movie As a star, it's surprising, it's a bit brown but it's pretty short but pretty short. Sid and Sondra do not flirt , that is, a great relief. They simply group, roughly, politely, to see the wishes of Strombel with friendship with Lyman and his remarks about guilt. With minimal protests, Sidek will appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who looks into her club pool, Sondra re-generates Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is, Woody, continues making the cover with the tricks of the cards, but the dictator is having fun with them and the husband puts them on the poké, which is unstoppable, and at the same time he is successfully keeping oil. and precious metals, as Jade said. <br /> <br /> This is all, or without clarifying the story, revealing its result, what can be said. At the same time, Allen decided to turn Johansson into a cruel gauche and seems to be in badly dressed and poorly dressed as a university, but it seems that they are bad but bad decisions. But Johansson, who likes what he plays as an actor, Jackman, makes me feel like an actress who can help me with the actress that seems to me to be desirable. The film creates relationships for a limited set of characters: Sid and Sondra friendship, and Peter and Sondra are both attractive and attractive (eventually they go). homicidal habit suspected of sleep). <br /> <br /> Little by all, Allen seems to be making sauces over the English wealth and class, but Brooklyn's background seems to have been the same, although with all his celebrities, he is irresistibly brave. Jackman is a great creature, glamorous and dashing. His parents were English. Is there an aristocratic star of this musical comedy created by the Australian X-Man's Wolverine? Only in movies, maybe (here and "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> The film is not as strong as a "Match Point", but it's a loser to say it to some viewers. it's pretty wrong. It does not have more than half an hour of radio drama or TV coverage, but Woody's jokes are much more fun and more original than in any of these media; Sometimes they return to the old intelligence and wisdom. It does not matter when the movie is diverting the summer entertainment that is stingy or joking. On the heat day you do not want heavy meals. On a favorite day, comedy films are entertaining getaways without gross jokes or stupid effects; Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics say that "Match Point" is a return to Allen's decline. Do not believe them. He did not try hard. Why did he need it? He's 70 years old, but it's literally still clear. And his body is moving quite quickly.
