I was fortunate to take the first screening of the 'Scoop' film for free. In the theater, the house and the movie were spontaneous applause. I talked to anyone who did not like "Scoop", the two teens sitting next to him swear and swore the most unforfortably film. It was an exception, although I liked those who included me. A young journalist student must be maneuvered out of his control to capture a series of killer killers. They are listening to a variety of sensations, joining a passionate illusionist and a young charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not added to Woody Allen's filmography. It's not the best job, but it's very nice and light. I would say that it is quite well suited to being a medium-sized Woody Allen in the middle of the pack. If you're a fan of Woody Allen, you'll surely enjoy it. If you are indifferent to his work, Scoop may be enough to see more. I do not think anyone who likes to style the movie and the style of acting will change it. Woody has the same neurotic character, we were so accustomed to it, although this film is forced and well approached. Some of those who were trying to get upset and want to explore these words, though, the fans of Woody Allen know what to expect. <br /> <br /> I think very good performances. Ian McShane is missing and the camera is not quite enough. Hugh Jackman is superb as a charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has discovered a new classic for Scarlett Johansson's work. I think that with 'Match Point' this is just a matter of equalizing the second match, and the material that Woody gives him. It can be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad to see and recommend the movie. More sophisticated comedy than movies like 'Scary Movie 4', so before the first comedy brands, 'Scoop' probably is not for you. On the other hand, if you like class, sophistication and a touch of fun, 'Scoop' is for you. I'd probably come up with a new Woody Allen movie for a new one, but everyone else should try.
