I really did not see this show when I had a baby, but the first episode I saw was Kimmy Gibbler's episode that passed to Stephanie's ears. I started secondary school in 2000. On the one hand, I had problems in high school, and I would like to go into that. but I always saw the bell tower save, but I have shown that they really reminded me of the previous problems in school, and rarely showed children to their parents. The bell has been saved well, but it's not a good family show. After a few days, when I graduated in high school in 2004, I became a TV family channel and I got addicted every day from home. I also pushed the info button and saw the coming year and I would remember what I was doing during that time. This episode would come and it was called "birthday blues", and today it's also a favorite, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you'll see Kimmy Gibbler in other episodes that he does not do any way. It really shows its grave side. The seasons I am 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 in the DVD and I am waiting for 7 and 8. I would like to have a commentary on some documentary and some comments. I do not know why some people hate this show, because you do not see landfill and violence in this show. And for those who hate this show, I pray that you could grow up in a grown family that is not love. but I think it's a full house that lives in the sky, everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so awesome. Danny Tanner reminds my mother and grandmother. Joey is good and always in good spirits. When I was a child, it was like Jesse and she is a leading television actress, as a man who is so obsessed with hair. In some ways, you can say that the DJ is a California girl. I like episodes with Kimmy Gibbler, he always smiles and clarifies the day. and Stephanie is so green. It's also difficult to say Olsen's twins. One day I want to see my children. But full house is my favorite show # 1 and Sabrina teenager is my # 2 favorite. One day, sometime before the end of the month, I would really like to know all the cast in the house. The first 3 seasons are boring, but they begin to improve in the fourth season. He could make a 9th season. In 1995, when they left the house, and Sabrina in autumn, the autumn witch (a similar family show), but the whole house is a show that is very loving and good times, and well, I understand that if you want to hate this visage of your wild people, this is a show of happiness and it is also moral conception. Also, in the first three seasons I would like children to be good shows, but in the 4th and 5th seasons DJs and Stephanie become teens. I also noticed, not only with the house but much of the show, that they were not talking about problems in the world and politics, as in the 1991 Gulf War in 1991 and the entire house in the Oklahoma City bombing era. In 1995, they never mentioned. Also steve was my favorite DJ boyfriend, Viper and nelson were not very interesting. 5 and 6 seasons I think are the best. I would like to make a 9th season, because he left a big question mark in the end, in the last final section, he got a dj surprise and he would go with his boyfriend, I always asked him. if they come together together. and I liked how in recent seasons, DJ was always responsible and stephanie was always bold, like the episode "stephanie's wild ride"
