If you're watching this show for the first time, you might ask that you're in another reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? An entertaining conversation? Do you think the plots that give them deeply, even sometimes creating suspense and theater? I mean, is this a show for children's syndicate? This is meant for children's drives "Pokémon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers". (The three titles mentioned above are Japanese exports, that is, kindly). Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, at the end of the 80s and early 90s, you're trying out some quality fare for kids. Some examples of this era include "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.S." They are. (A drawing to be mixed with Fox's live action show). In addition to excellent examples, Disney also returned to children's syndicated programs, with the "Disney Afternoon" team. Exceptional show called "The Gummi Bears", awards such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers" were awarded to the Disney animation groups that featured classical plays. "Little Mermaid", "Ederra and Beast", "The Rescuers Down Under" and "The Great Mouse Detective". But, above all, these wonders are "TaleSpin" bright. The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour thrill and won an Emmy. For my enjoyment, the rest of the parties opted for a premiere. <br /> <br /> While I enjoy plots and conversations, for me, I think it's the most engaging characters. Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, is still a false one; Kit Cloudkicker, pre-teen angst and full of optimism; Louie, loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer of Scotty in the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, pretty and passionate, but with the most non-childhood characters, and, of course, in the middle, I would describe Baloo, as a James Bond slobby version. When it's a problem, it will save Baloo days with the best and fastest Sea Duck (Read: James Bond's Aston Martin). All the beautiful shows must be very bad, of course, and TaleSpin is not disappointed here too. From the megalomaniah of Shere Kahn businesstiger, Don Karnage, uninhibited and always stealing air, for troopers targeting satirical and hilarious satirizes. Animation is good, good music, and episodes (for me) are the best children's programming ever. Very fun for the whole family!
