This movie makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he says and what he believes in the LDS church. Fugitive media, along with the coverage of today's media, have blended the LDS church with the FLDS church and fugitive refuge Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not linked to the LDS church, but internationally media groups asked for Jeffs' LDS church comments. Jeff does not mention it in the movie, but I think it's ironic that this movie about Joseph's time will feature some of the FLDS churches and their leaders in the world of media today. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and one of them. Some of the major differences between Jeff and Joseph are represented by humanity, acceptance and love. The opinions and opinions of Jeffs are very different from Joseph Smith and LDS Church and they are seen in this movie. Jeff thinks of "blacks" as demons. Joseph Smithe knew that they were the children of the god and gave them their favorite horse to an African-American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph leaves his homework and a member criticizes Josephe for not losing a wife who loses her husband with her husband and criticizes her until she helps and protects her. wife. Jeff got his wandering kneecap on his knees until he reached for a large number of students and twisted hard until he reached the knee. In the end, Joseph attended law enforcement and at any time the government requested help. Jeff finds his nose at the government and escapes at all times. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and you do not know much about what Joseph Smith and LDS churches think, this is a movie to see. And if you were confused with the church LDS FLDS, you need to get your job done together. We are not anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the holiness and family of marriage, even our homeland and country. We are all different, as well as different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. It's important to have our message and what we are about. This movie represents this, but only 2-hour movie in Joseph's life can be covered. It was a great show.
