New York, 1953. In a warm night, four famous celebrities will meet. Professor (Albert Einstein) has come to NY to make an agreement, the senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his back. That same night, the visitor got a surprise; a famous actor (Marilyn Monroe). He really wants to discuss the theory of relativity. Soon his husband and wife (Joe DiMaggio) will appear in the hotel room asking them to request things that break the relationship. The flashbacks of childhood, important events, show how their perceived effects of actions are hidden in people's desperation and fear. <br /> <br /> Now it's too old! Terry Johnson (who should write the screenplay for the film) has also adapted theatrical work adapted by Nicolas Roeg, curious, curious and wonderful. Experimental effort and brain-based inspiration can be rooted in its origins, because it feels like theater and most actions take place in the hotel's back and main suite. Cream appearance The moody and smoky atmosphere of New York increases its effect. However, these limits can not have the most fertile and brave ideas that Roeg overwhelms with visual and material significance. Reflecting on personality (the famous hint of figures, without needing to name them) is stimulated by the philosophical nature of their ideas and the sense of their interpretations, which reminds them of their presence and fear. You realize that you see, beautiful or hauntingly implemented. There are many thoughts and nutrients in novel innovative scripts (sometimes even wrong), as regards the current situation, but what flashbacks do (sex, power, clarity and glory). Those who are and how much burden can already be demanding life. You are sure to bring something to the end, and you will feel disagreements, but dream dreams and intelligent arrangement create folding and never become. The photography by Peter Hannan and Stanley Myers blues the soundtrack altogether mockingly fixing and styling the style of Roegen style. It seems to work on a large scale and on a large scale, but otherwise this is not the case and a small little universe is created. All seasonal clothing and vintage locations are quite successful. Filmmaking was amazing to start with four of me. Theresa Russell's gigantic sexy actress is immensely appealing, and she's definitely a brilliant and enjoyable performance as a teacher at Michael Emil. Tony Curtis is terrific because he plays as a witch hunter and Gary Busey plays a good role in gravel as a player. They will be shown in small role models, but will be Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A memorable piece of metaphysical meditation, fresh and twisted, connected to four rims. Some people may find strange and incorrect looks, but this one was gathered in a small special world to worry about excessive worries.
