I've been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and the "Walkabout" is my favorite. It is a cinematic version of Roegs's theater and most of the films are made in the hotel room and still has a cinematic repetition of Roegs. A unique story about a famous actor (Theresa Russell). After a hard night's work in 1954, he goes to visit a hotel at a renowned teacher (Michael Emil) and speaks in the hotel room. He wants to go to bed with him for a little while, but when he starts to get fucked, the husband has hit the door. Her husband is a former baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what happens. Three rooms of the hotel talk about what's happening and what is happening. In the meantime, a reputed Senator (Tony Curtis) will dismiss the teachers' papers as they threaten to threaten him. Theresa Russell is superb and does not want Marilyn Monroe to be herself, because Monroe is a great job of rejecting phobias and subtleties. A piece of a film shows that there is only one woman who is only at the edge of a mental breakdown, but also as a physical disaster. It means being unable to have children and is a short-lived short film. You can do a brilliant case for Russell's best performance and I would probably not argue. The film makes things interesting to show flashbacks, because the characters continue to talk about one thing, and in the flashback, we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey gives a good performance and reminds me of the strong nature of the screen. Emil is a teacher with much more in mind when we first thought about it. The latest scene in this movie is its darkest side! One of the most important events in the film is the man of the elevator ("Will Sampson" of "Cuckoo's Nest"), and the Cherokee Indians think every moment. But, of course, the famous scene in this movie Russell shows Emil's how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The teacher is delighted with his demonstration and we too! Russell and Roeg get married in real life and work brilliantly, and this is probably his best movie. Good performances and very interesting management tasks are challenging and visually thoughtful.
