Even if you're a fan of Gothic horror, you'll definitely love the castle of the 60's "Castle of Blood". The doors we are talking about are terribly screaming, as mysterious portraits seem to move, candles are killing themselves, though there is no wind and smoke under the heavy wooden door gates. Speaking of style and style, this master piece of Gothic cinema is the best; It's just a small league, such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Woman of Crying" curse. The brilliant directors of Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (really a nightmare), landscape and filmography ultra-sinister, elegant black-and-white photo, a spine and a great encounter with talented musicians. Barbara Steele, one of the stars of "Black Sunday" and one of the goth-mushroom stars, shines brightly as a spiritually infuriated character and literally encompasses great colleagues. One of them also silently depicts Silvano Tranquilli, the veracity of the writer Edgar Allan Poe. The story itself and another rich visitor attacked a young journalist in a rural bar to accept a morbid commitment. Yes? Alan Foster ?? Blackwood would spend a night in the bad castle when he survived, he received a $ 10 prize and Poe's newspaper interview. What he does not say is much more dangerous than suffering, as well as someone like Alan Foster, who does not believe in ghosts and vampires. The night is perfect for him, as well as with a beautiful beautiful lady of dreams, but gradually the Blackwood Castle is a place of hell, places where dead ghosts of dead people are everlasting. I do not know yours, but this is seriously one of my local horror movies. The director of Antonio Margheriti is very proud of this film, which he himself repeated two years later as the "Spider Web". This movie was a trump, for example, Klaus Kinski's role was not the least, but the original is very large. "Blood of Castle" literally flushes the atmosphere and enjoys the whole atmosphere. Actually, this is one of the weird films that can raise the arms and the back of the neck in fear, if you see it in the right place. Look at it later only at night and in a candle-lit room, and you will get an idea of ​​real horror definition.
