Antonio Margheriti's "Dance Macabra". In 1964, the "Castle Of Blood" masterpiece of the Gothic Italian masterpiece is incredibly dramatic, and Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" ("Black Sunday") 1960 and Roger Corman's "Pit and the Pendulum". (Featuring starring Vincent Price) Barbara Steele must see another of the most deserving horror icon in his film history. Not only was Barbara Steele beautiful and brilliant, but also one of my favorite actors, the screenplay "Danza Macabra", written by the filmmaker Sergio Corbucci, who led the ingenious spaghetti western milestones. "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). The second team of Italian (after Mario Bava), the director Antonio Margheriti is one of the masters of Gothic Horror, and "Blood of Castle" is undoubtedly the greatest achievement. Almost another movie does not work so wonderful, creating a brilliant and beautiful atmosphere. <br /> <br /> When he writes the fabulous story of Edgar Allen Poe, in a dark London bar, a nobleman, Alan Foster, a young journalist (Georges Rivière) admits that he can not spend it. tonight in his terrible castle, night of all souls night. When entering the mysterious Foster Castle, mysterious things happen. Shortly after, he met a wonderful neighbor at the castle, Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). Until now, mysterious events are nothing more than an overwhelming grasp of the castle ... <br /> <br /> Only terrible castles would be enough to create an evil, great black and white. Cinematography and Riz Ortolani's great score make for a stunning ambience that is more surprising. The wonderful Barbara Steele is always so wonderful, I just can not speak enough to praise wonderful actors. Another actor has never been able to unite a unique beauty to unite with the evil one as Steele does, and he will never be an actor. In Steele, the cast of the film is another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and also gives a great performance. George Rivière's performance is as good as Alan Foster and the rest of the performances are very good. "Blood of Castle" is full of sections: Barbara Steele offers one of his best performances, cinematography and location are surprisingly surprising, the atmosphere is so terrible ... Film is a perfect setting, Gothic beauty. and the art of terror. In sum, "Castle of Blood" is one of the greatest atmospheric film of the Gothic Horror ever created and should not be missed by anyone interested in the genre! 10/10
