Nowadays, the actors happily gain weight, cut their hair, dressed in clothes and lose their glamor role, and Bette Davis was probably an actress. Although occasionally designer clothing and Constance Bennett-type makeup movies like a young woman, Davis was destroying herself to create a character, even inside herself. <br /> <br /> His determination is highly demonstrated here, in "Of Human Bondage", with Philip Carey with Leslie Howard. Davis plays with Mildred, for Howard's clear and manipulated bumps, slutty, manipulative, and little life. The first one knows when he meets a server and allows him to take him to dinner and play while leading a wealthy old man (Alan Hale Sr.). Actually, Mildred has stepped on the Philip club. On the other hand, Philip seems to enjoy his excessive flirtation and excessive coldness. Mildred lets him dampen financially when he drops his friends when he drops a couple of really beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When Mildred gets rid of the apartment, he steals his apartment and robs him, forcing him to leave school and stay away from the medical school. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful and attractive actress, her style of acting is an older school, and as a result, she tries to face what's in it. It's like Davis's work. After that, "or" Petrified Forest, "they demanded their own technique, whose date of play is even more evident here, because Davis had worked on the new land, which really gave him his name, which seems to be at stake, from the stage and from the nuances of the interpretation of the film later It would appear to him for himself. Contrast this performance with Henriette's boundary, warmth and enjoyment with the pathos that led to "All This, and Heaven Too" or "Dark Victory." Actually, it was an actress and real artist. like the holy hell, the ruin of Mildred is completely pathetic, Philip seems to be firm in the spirit of extinction. <br /> <br /> An excellent movie that shows the creation of one of the greatest genres of this film.
