Reading the Bette Davis websites is that the authors say nothing of their performance. I also found a site that surely Bette Davis had succeeded. But Davis contrasts 1934 movies. Clearly, just two weeks ago, these two films were made: Fog Frisco and On Human Bondage. Although the characters that played in these films are negative, they are very different. The first one in Arlene is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous inheritance and much more pleasing than Mildred, Cockney is a pale servant, compassionate and shameless. It is worth mentioning that Mrs. Davis played two very real characters and the same enthusiasm. But that's not all. The fact is that most actors of the day wanted to play the first part they wanted. The latest role, because most actors did not want it, struggled for months of destroying the career. And the last role was set between the greatest stars. So undoubtedly, Davis knew from the start that he knew what he was doing. <br /> <br /> A medical student, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), falls in love with the Cockney server, Mildred Rogers. (Bette Davis), it has a few weeks, but a lot more powerful. The story is too big to say just 83 minutes. For example, it is very unclear why a refinery server has learned the student's primary interest. Well, there's a scene there, Mrs. Ms.'s eyes are dazzling, but that's her emotions that have already evolved. However, the story's integrity preserves Howard and Davis's top actors, as well as Steiner's fantastic music, which tells emotional tones, even if we do not see the faces of the characters. Philosophy combines Peter's pedestrian sequences in the background, creating two horrible repetitive tones. All the details are well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leopard for each woman in Phillip's life, which is consistently used in the film. The beautiful scene we see in Sally's face against the calendar is one of the most beautiful scenes I have ever seen in the beauty of Francis Dee (Mrs. Dee seemed very handsome to be the star of Gone, with the wind) and Steiner's brilliant music. In some scenes, camera movements are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my biggest drawbacks are that two-dimensional events are presented too, which encourages the viewer to be a final slog in Mildred. They should be men who encourage their character to be relations, but knowing that they will be left unconscious, but, curiously, they end up depicting themselves as a pleasing character. After all, Mildred always - in a certain, but still honest way - that Phillip knew he was contemptuous and had no interest. What he does not want to hear. Phillips, the masochistic nature, is the main reason for the love affair that is linked to its club and children's experiences. As with Mildred, he is slave at the foot of his club and perhaps both must be free to begin normal life. Mildred, selfish and shameless, voluntarily when Phillip met his slave, took his own part to make his life hell. In spite of realizing clearly that he was released from the slave, it was clear why he smoked money in Phillip (Maugham was different in his novel). After all, he could stole steaks and liters of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, cinema is obsolete, but every time you see it, you can show new interesting details for the superior. Acting, wonderful music and original edition, so it is worth the greatest mark.
