Performance by Bette Davis is hard to remember from other women players. They were better in their parts, when Davis was there; For they did not do much. Some reviewers thought the book was much better, but it was only a movie that had a capacity of 600 pages less than 83 minutes. In the first part of the book there was not even a screen - he told Phillip about his childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where he tried to push Phillip as an artist. He also chronicles his first love - with Fanny Price, when he dies himself, Phillip can not return the feelings of love. It's a wonderful book, but it's amazing, and I think that anyone who does not think too much of the movie should read the book and realize how good a movie is. <br /> <br /> Only one person realizes that Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) is back in England to take medicine. When he gets out of the classroom, Mildred (Bette Davis) finds a buzzing server. Although he is not interested in him and essentially treats him as dirt, Phillip is obsessed. It's so hard to see his efforts in this roughly wicked one. When a secondary scene hopes to meet a railroad in a room, when they lose almost each other, they say "why should I wait for a second class room in the waiting room when the first class is available." You want to get it. The only time to be pleasing to her is that he will marry another man Emile Miller (Alan Hale). In the picture with Mildred, Nora (Kay Johnson) is a beautiful woman who writes romantic novels. It's joking about the popularity of famous books (Mildred's reading in the novel) Nora Phillip's love and confidence that she needs, but she can not return her love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not marry and is taking a baby), she looks after her and helps her baby (she is treated as an object in the film - she's always called "baby", she's never been given a name or gender ) - He must escape with his best friend. <br /> <br /> She meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) visiting her sick father. She begins to visit her house and feels the family for the first time in her life. After all, surprise! surprise Mildred returns a bad and pleasant penny! Philip has taken it. But he has changed and he is bored only, he knows how to try to appreciate gratitude. After that, the film continues a fake conflict, such as "zu kad, dirty pig", "I kissed you just as you asked me," and "when I went, I washed my mouth." In the book, Mildred's excerpted words , "you're a knight in all senses," "I do not care," and "Lord and Powerful" are associated with prostitutes and Phillip, for the first time. <br /> <br /> End of the film Phillip (actually Mildred's free It's possible that Sally's love is free. Sally again writes that Phillip thinks she's having a baby, but that's her love, she's sure, and could not possibly be in the Mildred's "disease" movie - a pre-code Yes. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson was always asked to play sensible and credible women - he played the same kind of perfection, of course, he was sensible. His wife was Nora Philip. Fran ces Dee was one of the most beautiful engineers on the screen. Without a doubt, a new star was preparing a nice face ("Silver cable" and "Blood money"), but when married to Joel McCreak, he began to break his career. Sally did not limit his talent. Apparently Leslie Howard was not very helpful for Bette Davis, but she was angry that an English actor did not give it. He threw his lines while "while reading a camera book." A newspaper began by an interest in "the baby escaped with the image!" <br /> <br /> <br /> Very discouraged.
