The adaptation of Somerset Maugham's 1934 novel Bette Davis was featured on the map as an actor. He won the Academy Award for his performance, but the films were borrowed, so his studio did not push him. It operates according to current regulations. Philip, a sensitive medical doctor, and a boring server that is almost in ruins with his life, Davis is almost demonic. The director John Cromwell made good performances for his actors and, perhaps, it overwhelmed him. Davis is confident, but it is so bitter and predatory, it seems almost human. I think Millie's character is more silent and less feminine than Davis, perhaps with Tomboy's touch. Davis's so strong and immediate presence is not mysterious, which makes Philip seem more Masochistic than its appeal. <br /> <br /> Philip, Leslie Howard is superb. Its good and sharp looks are good in this pure aesthetic. He also does not impose personal interpretations, as Dirk Bogarde does, as his strangely illuminated work. He controls everything here, as he should, with a rational intelligence, man who can not bind himself with irrational emotions, who can not or does not fully satisfy himself, as he does not understand the purpose of his affection. Howard was a beautiful actress, often thrown into a standard romantic piece, but he did not need to recover the charm that he does not use here. <br /> <br /> Since reading this book, it has been long since you do not feel comfortable about the film fidelity. I think the story's pretty good, and Howard thinks Philip Carey is perfect. Sexual attacks are silent and sometimes Philip acts masochistically if they are not strong sexual sentiments, asking about the visions of the character, surely not Mr. Maughamen's intention. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip maintains firmly, as it can be seen in his responses and in numerous Answers of Millie, in the ends that will be reasonable to understand irrational minds, in others and in others. <br /> <br /> Generally, a very good movie, sometimes enthusiastic, for its age, London remembers well and most works well.
