Bette Davis's cockney accent is absolutely awesome in this movie. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities do not realize this, and that's fine; But believe me, Dick Van Dyke is just as good as half an accent of cockney Mary Poppins, and that was the old horse (he came in this town of London, much forgiving). <br /> <br /> It is remarkable for me that strange accents and theater styles do not deprive the movies of power. Human Bondage is a wonderful piece of film despite superficial errors. It should also be seen in perspective. The limitations of the technique and culture of cinema in that era must be taken into account, and these limitations allow John Cromwelle to direct the camera and develop narratives in cinematography, not only in acting mode and in dialogue. An excellent example of its trained steering station is Victoria Station. Beautifully conceived, filmed and edited. I also notice the shorts of Mildred's master to the end of the film; It owes due to the early days of artistic films that have to be done before the disinclination of the filmmaking world. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are known and credible universes: sexual obsession, there is no fee. love, contemptuous passion, self-condemnation, manipulative relationships, social partitions and insanity for young people. Although the conversation is often abused, it is difficult to portray the life of these subjects and their characters even though they are the bottom keys. Some scenes of obsession with obsession and emotion are not pleasant to see, but the story is not a cliché; We know that the characters (even poisonous Mildred) are victims of the actions of the victims and the perpetrators, and their actions are misunderstood by the feelings of others, as well as the desire for oneself. The naïve style story reaches the complexity of the human condition's character and the manners of acting and, occasionally, grid transitions do not diminish the veracity of the work. <br /> <br /> Human beings Bette Davis, a Hollywood movie star and you are witnessing the birth of a famous career. His usual beauty and charisma on the screen (no one was left or Mrs. Davis dismissed) as your first appearance took care of. In his opinion, though, it is a memorable performance of the film, Leslie Howard is brilliant as Philip Carey is a sensitive and fragile student. It's a good combination, however, why he did not help his terrible and terrible accent!
