This film is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. It is a woman who draws a man. The girl is a beautiful beauty, but because it is a sexual entity. Now, the movie has not gone out and said, but it's obvious. It seems a scene in the film, where all men are superb on it. He works as a server in a cafe, he can not read it and he really does not look at anyone, but it's a flirt. It is clear that there are no male customers in that cafe. One day, Phillip's doctor-in-law student fails to enter the store to say goodbye to his friend, but he does see that he's doing it right away. He began to buy his belongings, even though he paid for his apartment. Meanwhile, he sees other people and does not make any secret. He previously dreamed of being an angel, but he is not an angel. He constantly thinks. His medicine grade also fails. So what is absurd is good. He wants to marry his wife, but he refuses to marry another guy. Phil always gives thanks that he really does not feel the love sent him all the time. He breaks his heart but finds himself with another woman. It seems good, but it's clear that Bimbo's dreams come true. Mildred's baby is back and she does not dress. Phillip gets in again, but starts with a friend, a light bulb is lit and he pulls out. He knows how he works, so he tries to seduce him, it does not work well and he burns his teaching money. Oh, there's a problem with a pedestrian club, even if you're thinking about what a teenage street looks like. She will meet another girl named Sally, we have a time-maker, while she's aging, waiting for Mildred. Well, he has no school, he can not find work. In the end, Sally and his father go in. The deadline for the rest of the March assembly did not go down beforehand. Shortly thereafter, his uncle killed him and he got the money to be a doctor. Meanwhile, Mildred needs it again. It has the TB. In the meantime, Sally Primrose is still leading the way out of wedlock and takes a job in a steam bowl. In the end, the dead man dies and Phillip says he is free and he will marry Sally. He told me to get it done. Now I know that my relationship with my characters will not get any points. But I think Phillip was bad. Yes Mildred is a Strumpet, but he knows, and continues to go back. He loves little girls with half, but treats them as love. I think sex is not very good. In any case, Mildred is waiting for those waiting for dogs. Not only that, but pregnant Mildarena is already married and asks her to do what Philip wants to do (apparently the child's name) laughs, but she does not intend to help her child and she is rich. Sally's father has 9 children, who say little things about women, but the traditionalist is old. Philip does not seem like his feelings too. Men are using Mildred as a boy's toy, but men in this movie do not accept it. Yes, he was not a respectable woman, but a man beyond a criminal. Felipe was a real problem for me and he was sexually obsessed with Mildred.
