Returning to return to class 36, Shaw is one of the classic Kung-Fu films created in the 70s and 80s, a genre such as the Hollywood spaghetti western and Gordon Liu, the westernmost Clint Eastwood. The new digital printing for Reconstruction and Fantasy Film is presented as "Presented in Shaw Scope", as in previous days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple story of evil and evil 3 events that summarize approximately the narrative of the martial arts films of that time. <br /> <br /> Sets the Act One premise. People from a small village dump make mistakes with their sales, with 20% drops coming from the gangster in Manchu. They can not do much about their exploitation, because none of them are martial arts, gangsters and bosses. Initially, they had little success in naming a very good monk Liu Shaolin (one of the best comedy sequences), but they were revealed when they put excessive credibility limits. br /> Act Act shows a character that wants to return to the protagonist. However, without real martial arts, he travels to the Shaolin temple to infiltrate and try to learn martial arts. After some slapstick moments, he finally admitted that the abbot (but it seemed to him), but is dismayed in teaching methods - Mr. Miyagi is like Karate Kid style, but instead builds up the scaffolding instead of fences. . There is nothing good to maintain a human being, and unintentionally it creates strength, endurance and learns the way in which kon-fu is learned. <br /> <br /> There is three action where the battle begins. Thanks to the sound effects, every single unpublished contact gets the most out of it. But rather it is refreshing to see the battle scenes here, highlighting the wide angle of his plane with sparring details sparring partners, and slow-motion only to show sight at different angles. The speed of the battleships may be too slow, with some stops in motion, but Yuen Wo Ping and his style in ad-nausem in Hollywood movies probably did not make battle scenes! Returning to room 36 will be repeated on Monday, so if you play for a nostalgic journey down the memory path, what are you waiting for?
