After twenty-seven films and three years later, in Hollywood, Bette Davis claimed to have played a role and claimed the force to be told. The role of a servant that turned Davis into Mildred Rogers's goal of affecting Leslie Howard was becoming completely symbolic and, as his teeth were so keen, his nature was not a problem for his personality. A great transformation in the film's career and undergone. Also, it has been noted that this movie made this one, one of the few things that shows that different movie, which remembers both remakes and Howard's scenes after making the history of cinema. > About <br /> Approximately 85 minutes, the story moves in a fun pace, as Philip Carey (Howard) tells the story, because his life crosses Mildred Rogers again. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis have no chemistry. Davis spent much of his life in an interview, and personally did not care much about Howard, which made him less important with Mildred. However, both are confused with each other; Their scenes last together, only recovered by a wild acidity. Davis regains his lines and nervous presence. Once again, Cromwell's direction has a certain style of self, which sometimes fails; If a space (unless Davis is missing it), it tries to undo and assemble it for a while (changes are made on a calendar, Frances Dee). At that time in much style. This is a technical and camera-wide angle complex, and basically the visual story is a simple translation of Somerset Maughamen's novel. He is saying a lot, because he made 600 pages in "Human Bondage". Although it was hard to shoot. <br /> <br /> Thought, Philip Carey believes that something can be hateful for punishment, since there is no distinctive sexual attraction in Mildred, Mildred has never concealed himself from his disagreement. Howard's performance exudes emotional outdoors much more than ever. His eyes are constantly saddened, his expressions never lost (he could be a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - under, pain, and completely passive), but this is probably part of his nature and The reason is that other women not seen by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee fail to charge them for their affection. It's interesting that after Johnson's Norah, when Carey ever watched him, summarizes the story that summarizes the people's relationship with others-related to Carey, as Carey relates to Mildred and Mildred himself is linked to Miller There are (or men who meet the role of the provider). Its short but memorable scene is the key to the story's essence.
