Well, here's an excellent cinematic movie of the seventies. "What's up with Helen?" It's pretty amazing and disturbing, but it's a stylish and sophisticated fashion! In the hands of any other movie crew, it would definitely become a nasty and annoying story of exploration, but with Curtis Harrington ("Somebody Sleow Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush? Sweet Charlotte"), in charge and became a beautiful and fascinating mix of genres. The basics of the film are terribly terrifying, but there are many more like love stories, a 1930s atmosphere and many songs and dances! The implementation is definitely what makes this film so unique. We literally catapulted in the 1930s, music, religion, theater business and cabinets with a sublime representation. After a lengthy and laborious trial, their children were imprisoned, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and began a new life for a dance school for young talent. Especially, Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment, because a millionaire falls in love, but poor Helen continues to sink madness and paranoia into a downward spiral. He only listens to the departure of the evangelist of the radio, because he will punish his son's committal by crime and will slowly develop violent tendencies. The script, although not completely mistaken, is well written and the movie is in a timely manner. It's never a sad moment in regards to "What is Helen's subject", but singing, tap-dance and tango sequences are pretty broad and have nothing to do with the real plot. But the atmosphere is constantly disturbing and the film is beneficial for the great performance of Shelley Winters. It's a frightening thing to do with the unpredictable side of the back and, above all, in the last ten minutes, it looks more frightening than Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers! There are several good and unfortunate characters, unfortunately, unexcused and broken potential, including the elocution teacher Michéal MacLiammóir, the awesome priest Agnes Moorehead and the female housewife, Timothy Carey. The fanciful Grand Guignol is a real excitement and stunning moment and a couple of stunning moments, but especially the designs of sets and costumes (even for Oscar nominees) are amazing.
