The Andre Maria of Shanghai is also strange to the famous director of Orson Welles, this Hollywood movie was for many moons. This type of postmodern black cinema is created by the traditional traditional films, and the happy Irish sailor is wonderful (played by Welles) with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who falls). He was married at the time with Welles, and his husband was gentle and probably impossible, he played the evil and malicious Everett Sloan. She continues a long voyage, as Welles cares, and becomes a partner at Sloan lawyer (Glenn Anders) (Glenn Anders) and can cause problems with suicide and other illness issues. headache breakdown There is an assassination plot that follows all types of disaster for Welles and its businessmen, and at this moment the story is fuzzy and enjoyable in a quiet rhythm until now, and it's a great movie. The direct set pieces that direct the film's record and story to the story is not itself a story that, in itself, is an incredible and often incredible result incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what this movie would like to do with Welles to revive his career in Hollywood, making his wife a vehicle. But self-destruction intervenes, as is often the case with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never gotten less. As well as being drawn to a deadly woman, her beauty, as well as her screen identity, is the most attractive feature, this image has no quality. The director is surprisingly unpleasant and disgusting at O'Hara, surely a nice sailor (Welles, from his many gifts, did not work for an easy man). That's what thirty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw might be able to breathe. Welles is not. The most interesting performance of the film is Glenn Anders, Grisby, Sloan's law, a treacherous betrayal. Anders wonders with the task and takes a picture to make jewelry, while his scene ends with strange notes and they are often edited; But by doing so, Grisby becomes a disturbing and disturbing imbalance, and the fledgling agents of the 1950s, Methodist, anticipates more advanced ways like Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> It has a question. about this film: what did Welles mean? He was a talented and intelligent man, and he had the tendency to make statements in his films, whether they were in agreement with the world view or not, they appeared brilliantly. I think I have a partial or partial answer: Welles shortened the movie career. He reached the end of his rope, despised the Hollywood studio system and found out. The Virgin of Shanghai is not wrinkled in front of the magnates of the day, but I suspect that in portrait portrayal of filthy anti-war lawyers (read: producer) she expresses the opinion of Welles's power agents. Hollywood He told him that he had been presented as a sailor without rosary. Welles himself was probably a traveler and rarely lived in a place. A studio contracted out to offer a great and famous film (Citizen Kane). He never recovered completely. In this film, his name is not dare, that is, the personal defeat of Welles confirms his film's impossibility of delivery of the new novelty of the colony and its assets. For Hollywood's appearance, like the mere presence of the film, it can not be beyond control of disasters. That movie was a nightmare and an unhealthy stranger who shows in part of Welles that he lacks self-knowledge. He had a lot more players inside and I think that he has underestimated his knowledge of the world of life and his knowledge.
