This may be the final black cinema of all time, if Columbia Studios had not cut off the original of Orson Welles. It's a fake movie that's over, but brilliantly, the Welles actor / director and Rita Hayworth showcasing her amazing talents as a serious dramatist. It's the most amazing and confusing. Welles, with a different accent, finds Michael O'Hara, the Irishman traveler, with the dangerous Elsa Bannister who reflects (Hayworth, in superb performance), finds himself in a position to accept almost a job as a crew. Her husband and Everett Sloane Nautical. As Elsa or 'Rosalie' Michael calls her, the innocent and defenseless doll plays a great role, she enters O'Hara into the web on her website. While the lovers are so secretive in the sea, George Bannister joins George Grisby (Glenn Anders) at his partner's office. Michael is a curious and trustworthy figure that offers a unique proposal: Grisby's 5,000 dollars have helped make Grisby's death look like murder. Michael is planning to get out of the tech and escape from the sun with Elsaka. But things are not planned. <br /> <br /> Hayworth offers us one of the best femme fatales of all time, in an ambiguous portrayal. Sometimes it seems really sensitive and similar to children, sometimes brutal, worldly and tiresome. She is always beautiful, dressed in a small state in a bathrobe or dressed in black, stepping on her pistols. Hayworthe makes beautiful photos here and is far from the famous "Gilda" role. So her husband, Orson Welles, cut her brand out of auburn, drank her blonde (angry at Columbia Cohn's boss). The marketing machine was superb and changed its attitude in a wonderful change. Gilda is not a hateful woman, because here is a terrifying murder because she believes that murder is a very useful one. <br /> <br /> Welles and Hayworth partnered as partners when they had extreme marriage difficulties. After filming, they should divorce. So it's curiosity to give an intricate relationship. They are fairies, not romantic, they love, so it's hard to know whether or not to be a true chemistry on the screen. Undoubtedly, each encounter is strong with gross sexuality and Welles 'fall' (even if it's allowed in the film!) And Rita is similar to duplication. <br /> <br /> Welles character is a guy who is not a typical 'drifter'. Welles's voice shows that O'Hara does not use his brain much 'thinking (Elsa).' Wellesk was usually honest and charismatic friends, so Mikel Mikel Strogoff's unusual and very interesting turn. In fact, Welles was a talented actress and well-off. <br /> <br /> Everett Sloane Hayworth's husband is so weak. He asks why he wins a miracle. It's clear that the wife is interested in the love she is interested in, so why inviting a "threat"? An interpretation might be that Michael gives his "service" to his wife, and Bannister is not in a weak state. Certainly, this theory has something to do with the behavior of Elsa, before getting acquainted with her husband (before she was a prostitute), and the most intimate secrets of Grisby's Bannister knew several scenes. br /> This is a mixed and confusing film that is ultimately a plot of defect. We are interested in a triangular love rather than a plot of decease, as with most noirs. Welles offers us a fascinating cinematic touch with the famous mirror gallery justified. It's a great scene, almost eliminated by the errors made by the movie and increase its grandeur. This scene of fun homes is visually stunning, with the painted sets feeling like Dali (apparently painted by Orson himself). Welles improves the visual image used in the film throughout the plot, and makes the thinking experience more effective. <br /> <br /> Conversation is reactive and confusing, giving Rita a low-voiced and helpless voice. little girl voice Hayworth demonstrates his acting capabilities, and shows that SHE is the last-born 'noir' dead man. It's a pity (only a bit, Rita was a great dancer) Columbian made so many beautiful, penetrating and often overlooked music in the 40s instead of the dark theme of the British theme. He was an excellent actor, allowing him to show his talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
