Orson, after publishing a studio photo studio by Harry Cohn (one hour out), is a part of the nine pages "Memo Mr. Cohn's Mr. Welles". "... The predicted title music was written by George Antheil, a first-time composer, although the music on a temporary title had not been written in our image, it had an atmosphere of darkness and threat, combined with something romantic and romantic ... Current composer (Heinz Roemheld ) is the only idea that seems to have been given to music when it is used as a popular song ("subject") as much as possible. "Please Do not Kiss Me" is a great deal for all bridges and backgrounds. At Hit Parade, but Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy ... Roemheld is passionate about an old score mentioned in our business as "Disney." In other words, if someone falls, they make the sound of the "falling" orchestra , etc. If the laboratories have violated the initials and telephone numbers negatively, I can not be more unhappy. Results ... Before going to the outside, Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) I asked him to lose his accident with the cab cabin and he would bring a bit of conversation. I am sure that this would be an excellent cut ... to save the necessary footage in the slow stop (this is not done, considering the main weaknesses in the film's opening) ... Nothing is happening. Rita's diving ensures a great crescendo orchestra ... We have Rita beauty ... The bad suggestion of Grigsby's character, and Michael Strogoff's plague. All or all of these elements may be inspired by music. Instead, the plunger is treated as one of the most important moments of the Silly Symphony climate: Pluto Pup's pratfall, or Donald Duck has jumped into a space ... There is no sound in it. The wind and water will lose a bit. If you really take a picture of a boat scene, if you sound like everything that happened in front of a screen process ... In the beginning of the picnic sequence ... we used a temporary score, a very curious, Latin American sexy ... this with a "dramatic" sequel It has been replaced - bad things ... This type of music destroys this astonishing rescue that could only save Shanghai from home. Another whodunit ... There's a great music outburst after Grigsby line, "I want to kill him." This is absurd ... The radio musician on the radio Hawaiian music was a must-have enough to make a satirical point. As usual, the rest of the score is the same. No one has ever guessed it anymore ... The scene of the aquarium needs more echo. "Please do not kiss me" again ... Bad overlap and bad score was the character of Michael's dock. From a generation to the call, the different voices took much time and effort at much expense. For some reason, all of this has gone hand-in-hand with a hullabaloo. As a result, the sequence seems very sad ... The audience must feel at this moment, with Michael, they may be mad. It only makes them feel comfortable with a new duplication work ... It is not possible to protect music with a mirror gun ... Ends the ending of the song "Please, Do not Kiss Me". "... the end is clear at the point of vulgarity, and the finishing of the image does not work out." <br /> <br /> Orson's changes are not taken into account.
