HIRING KANE After 1941, Hollywood directors started their copper backskin to the brilliant Orson Welles. Except for KANE, Welles AMBERSON, THE JOURNEY OF JOURNEY, and other future films lost all creative control. Welles was a creative and innovative genius, the most unreliable filmmaker when Hollywood needed others. THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI Welles is another example that was misunderstood at that time, it seems a little noisy and non-flute. The conventional premise of 1940 has been told in a nonconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes have ended up cutting the room floor. Currently, Columbia Cooghn's magnatism was standing up and asked if he was standing up during the opening show. As it was seen, there were no clues to Orson Welles and THE LADY SHANGHAI's cinematographic techniques as a result of studios since that time. > Without a doubt, as the CEO of all times, Welles was a playwright as an actor. At the age of 25, we know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most famous character in history. Here, he has little spirits and intelligence, who knows a great deal of work with Welles. Instead of a wise and wise language speaks of Irish lying. Rita Hayworth (a married woman at that time) is considered to be an unlucky married wife, a lawyer from Welles, that is, Witch's spell, and can take her to work on fraudulent and deceptive boundaries. He can also kill a great man, but the real mystery is the relationship between Hayworth (with a stunning stone) and the girl Everett Sloane (from CITIZEN KANE to Mr. Bernstein). Sloane's superb partner travels around the country to launch special Welles episode "Michael O'Hara". Welles draws like O'Hara, but things are still not very clear. See yourself and realize that there are at least 2 views to be precise. <br /> <br /> A strange unknown jury sequence is located around "O'Hara", defending Sloane. It is a curious court comedy, with some randomized court methods, when Sloane himself looks. Actually, I did not laugh because this film stops after the first part that does not start from that moment. Until now, cinematography is great, some scenes are crafted and skillfully shot (aquarium love scene), but there is no element that draws a different line and we, the audience. In front of Welles's orders (they were ordered by the 10 giants of Hayworth) and the starwriter threw an impromptu song under Cohn. Welles strengthened a point Welles was again excluded from the editing process. Thank you very much for the film that ends with all the Welles movies. The so-called "Mirror Room" brings with it curious scenes, again, fairly. <br /> <br /> It is believed that it is believed to have some confusing ideas presented. Mirror Poisy indicates the disappointment of "O'Hara" and "mad house" is the art masterpiece and decoration. More than one mental state seems to be a real place, and it's "nonsense", twisting and turning like Dali painting. This is a wonderful mistake, if it only remains, it should make the AFI 100 encounter. Then, 3 or 4 other Orson Welles films can list all of the "best" groups if they have left their creation. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Check Mercury Players at the Welles photo. Open everything. RATE: 10 and 10
