Established in Japan, the story of the devil who cultivates Ashura land. The premise is much more difficult, but the archery does not have to be forgotten. Japan is disturbed, demons occupy human forms on land. In general, demons act like humans and they are evil. The Japanese words that they use are not only demons, but rather the classic "ogro", mythological creature of some historical periods. God is talking about creatures that are more like children than monsters that eat more. Demons are dying to save the world from demons. Trained and trained in war, who can find and defeat most types of demons, and guard the path between hell and the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a popular town. During these festivals, three men walk in black dresses without any intention of damaging them. Citizens run, except those with demonic nature, turn green eyes and try to kill. Demon-Slayers eventually kill most demons. From here the story is interesting. The essence of the story begins at the door of hell, revealing a demon in front of 3 portals, revealing the arrival of Ashura. In addition, he comes to the end of the reign of mankind and begins the reign of demons. Ashura, nevertheless, needs a wedding process, that is, the first step in the inauguration, but this will not appear until you see the movie. 3 demon killers are a learned elderly man, powerful and not-minded men, and a proud and compassionate warrior. Immediately you will see a split between them, who wants to stop the demons, who wants the strongest to enjoy their preferences and want to stop the third from the latter. He encounters a woman who begins to seduce on the path and thinks she has a relationship. At the same time, the good origin sought by the authorities. When they face each other face-to-face, he places his hand on his shoulder and suddenly bends his shoulders. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. It is a fight against the Earth, the struggle between good and evil, but also a struggle between good and good. <br /> <br /> I thought I became something more than a point for me for this film. I thought of a horror movie with demons, horror movies, evil and evil, and Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was wrong as well as possible. It seemed to me to be an adaptation of a Japanese antique play, and this is how it plays itself, the essential scenes of adimenal action with a great concept, with an amazing narration and preferring to combine the style of thinking. just sit back in gouging in wallowing. Many scenes are photographed with a delightful dialogue between two characters that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes an almost entertaining experience that takes away breath. <br /> <br /> The film uses landscape and cameras that are part of the Samurai movies of our days, but adds a good idea. and a classic plot. With great performance, superb music and amazing scenes, it's a must see in my book. <br /> <br /> That said, we do not have to be responsible for not being everyone. There is no fear of horror fear, not the action of the wall balls. His horror movie has been filmed. This means that it takes time, flying in front of the usual lines. Like Japanese plays, interpersonal exchanges can take a few minutes for fast-paced, scenic interactive scenes. If you enjoy such things, it is a masterpiece. If you have ideas on a good movie with small lines and excessive nuances, you can easily see something else. <br /> <br /> Generally speaking, this film is unique and amazing to me, which has wounded you. and fun good writing, good acting and good management. Everything is a solid movie.
