I have to admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed that it seems to be very negative comments from this film. I think a terrific horror movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historical flight of Saturn's space. While he hired a strange and unknown disease in space. He wakes up in the bed of the hospital, looks at the mirror and his face is melting his face! He escapes from supervising the hospital, hiding in some woods near a small town. Unfortunately, appetite for other people begins to grow rapidly. He needs to feed human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Shaking the man's prey, he starts the kingdom of fear! Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) will give him his old friend and try and help him. His boss, General Perry (Myron Healey), has only to work, because he wants to be calm. Nelson can not tell her wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Blake sheriff (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious when General Perry begins to eat half of local citizens. I do not really understand why this film gets negative reviews, what do people expect? However, I really like the movie. The Rick Bakers make-up artist of the film is a unique and especially exquisite special make-up and, as a result, all prosthetic effects and CGI-free litter are not improved. Writing and directing William Sachs is not afraid to use it, but it is still a good and long shot of the incredible melted man. Photo, music and direction are boring, but they are professional. The script creates a sympathy for the monster, who tediously seeks Ted Nelsons or watches his reflections in water and violently reacts. Finished in some great factory, the end is quite small, so you do not expect a happy ending. That surprised me. Also, the script does nothing to do with this premise, it only rains on death and kill, trying to stop it with your friend, maybe it's very easy. Personally, when the worst part of the movie begins when the raw nurse falls into the hospital corridor in slow motion, it also portrays slow cries, it seems seemingly and ridiculous! You must see it believe it! I like this movie and I recommend for fans of horror / science fiction in the 70s and 80s. My favorite
