Many critics felt they were scammed, R.W. Fassbinder Wilkie and the Nazis starred in this film as the protagonist. Other experts from Fassbinder's films, however, realize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) is the "female film" of Fassbinder's "Mariaren Braun" weddings (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder believed that "women can say much better than men," according to Fassbinder, while men meet their specific roles in society, "women are capable of thinking dialectically." Dialectics, however, means that there is no thesis only and its antithesis is common in our world of black and white, but rather a synthesis that contrasts with the opposite. In addition, dialectics means that the third instance of synthesis is abolished by the opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis. In fact, by speaking: from a dialectal point of view, the fascist emblem of the underground combatants must necessarily use the basic means that the authorities make, and it is a simple relationship between delinquents and victims, so that the ruler is also a victim. all the victims are guilty of it. Fassbinder illustrates this abstract scheme that overcomes classical logic: "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975), filmed under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976) filmed by Daniel Schmid. <br /> <br /> So, the controversial aspect of the Nazi Germany, dialectically, in a way, depicts the film of this period is controversial, especially those who can not see it or not, our recognition of our world is not far from the primitive change of scheme but it needs a third-party synthesis to control antithetical instances of counterfeit members. The interaction between criminals and victims must be analyzed, because it is not true that they are bad criminals and that the victims are good. In a synthetic point of view, bad people play good on evil. They have a reciprocal link. In a classical world based on classical logic, the relationship between good and bad can not be established, and this logic system is not necessarily ethical, the bad conscience of Nazi Germany (not enough) the deeds of their ancestors, the relationship between the two extremes, rejects a synthesis of a new assessment based on this relationship. From the point of view of Fassbinder's dialectics, neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned as "misuse" of their private system for their private purposes, but they do not abuse them, they just use it. On the other hand, the victims must repeat the accusations, since delinquers must repeat the acts of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirrors, in a valid logic, their strategies. They legitimize the indestructible structure of a logic that describes our world, that is, black and white is not better than black and white logic.
