Until the 1990s, the movie "Emma" by Jane Austen was never filmed. Then, in 1996, two came. Or, in 1995, if you have a "Clueless", it updates the plots of a modern Austrian school in Australia for three years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a good family from Regency England. Apparently, financially, they are much better than the majority of Austen heroes (Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price), and they do not need to find a rich husband. Instead, his main concern is looking for husbands for his friends. Robert Harriet, his friend Harriet, underestimated a proposal for marriage to a young peasant Robert Martin, who believes he should be looking at the great elder of Harriet Elton. This management will be wrong, however, because Elton is not interested in Harriet, but he fell in love with Emma. Emma's reluctance to relieve her proposal was so enthusiastic that she was so enthusiastic to match her friend (as a matter of reason) to a marketable partner who was marketable. As Jane Austen's line, Emma did not believe she was less committed than the expedition, and she also falls in love with more difficulty. <br /> <br /> Today in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, a younger year, she was not nearly internationally known as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, it is very credible that the real intention of Austen but often the hero of the wrong head. Beckinsale seems to have a classic role-playing game - he made a great hero in Kenneth Branagh's "Much Ado on Nothing" - and sometimes I think Hollywood may find some better roles, such as losing his turkey "Pearl Harbor "or" Underworld ". <br /> <br /> Mark Strong liked the interest of Mark Knightley, most of the time, about the closest conception of my character, who was more knight and knight and oldest, somehow a father. Emma's image rather than a lover. (His name is surely honest to express his character; the gentlemen of the 19th century liked to think of Medieval Knights as their own coded coding codes). Strong reduces the question of age difference (37, 21), and Knightley becomes a wiser and wiser mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actor who would be bigger) would be closer to the novel Harriet than perhaps by Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> This is a smaller-scale version of two versions, which is more than television, and clothing and clothing are not so numerous and there are great names in cast. The costume drama, however, is that British television works well, and this version definitely has a movie version; Both are a fun and entertaining version of Austen's novel. 7/10
