After playing the sound of "Anna Christie" in Clarence Brown's Garbo Closet, Jacques Feyder made a German version of the movie, where all casts, except Garbo, were different. The American version is still available in the United States and most American viewers have seen this version especially, Germaine "Anna Christie" is visible in Europe. As far as I've seen both films, I have the right to closely link two productions. Is Jacques Feyder's movie different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this study, I'd like the first two films to do together. They have the same sets, very similar scripts, and they have the same chronologically presented scenes. Here you will find the story of a young woman returning to her father's returning young years and wants to start a new life. Here, in the amusement park there is a funny and somewhat shorter sequence. However, if Garbo emphasizes himself, I focus on the first. It does not seem to crash while it's spoken. It concentrates audiences rather than as it speaks of its activity, it probably happened to the viewers of 1931. Garbo was a great movie in America, and it's very good here too. However, for me, it's even more authentic in German. It is worth noting that Garbo's word does not speak much (GARBO TALKS!) An artificially created effort. His German is not very remarkable; but nobody cares; Everything is well understood. So I can easily say in the American version of this comment: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film is different in a very important subject: the rest of the pieces. Here's a question: what portraits it looks like, which one is better? Differences are met with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), a close friend of Garbo's, Marie Dressler does not do much good work as Marthy Owens. It's not a bad thing, it's different, sometimes it overcomes it (from today's point of view), but Marie Dressler's role is not as authentic as it still retains us and keeps its moments intact. Some people say that Dressler was better than Garbo because the movie and, of course, this opinion seems doubtful, it's true. Charles Bickford plays better than Theo Shall Matt, but applied to him, this is not so much a material subject to performance. <br /> <br /> Who is the brilliance of the German "Anna Christie". Hans Junkermann, Chris Christopherson, Anna's father, is a role that deserves the attention he deserves. George F. Marion and Hans Junkermann are like the night-time difference. Junkermann leads him to real alcohol, a man full of hope and fear, who cares much about his daughter's custody. The scene of the first meeting of Father's is a wonderful scene, and Chris's martyr is a great start to the conversation, especially for facial expressions and a lack of performance. Junkermann is the crisis you want, what you laugh at sometime, who sympathizes with you, leaves an image of a calm alcoholic sailor. Great! <br /> <br /> If you have seen the American "Anna Christie" and if you could get a German version, I would highly recommend this movie because it's a different look, nice and precise. the best way to compare it, the wonderful wealth of Clarence Brown's film and, above all, a wonderful performance on Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
