Ching Siu Tung's CEO is likely to be the most accomplished achievement, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story Leslie Cheung is a distant past of ancient Chinese, as a tax collector, for a night in a mysterious "travel collecting" castle, some strange warriors fight and meet. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is a ghost who lives in this castle and is under a strong demon, who helps himself with the help of his savage. They are in love with Leslie and Joey, and although ghosts are not left with human beings, they break this rule and fortunately decide once more on life together. This is not a wooden devil, and our protagonists have to fight for life and happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie does not have the whole magic than the films of Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces are Duel to the Death (1983) and Swordsman series. This is the scene between all visual and kinetic actions. The Ghost Story is full of dazzling lightning and dark circles, with a strong presence of beautiful and good ghosts. The effects were just breathless and they had the greatest power on the big screen. The camera moves and twists all the time and the film adds the fairytale of this film. Although there are plenty of temporary stunts, and some believe that they seem to be free or stupid, they can not agree, and they think that any other tool could provide magic, freedom and creativity. . When people fly in these movies, movies are not just our world, and they usually represent things that have a greater life span than life. <br /> <br /> The story about power is pretty hot and intense, but the problem is (again) that the characters are very superficial and sometimes they are explicit. Leslie and Joey should be written more carefully, and the characters should be warmer, deeper and more authentic, to make the story more powerful and, consequently, make the film a more significant and important achievement. Similarly, his message of love and power is underlined in a moment, and should only be left to the viewer to be interpreted and found. Another negative point of conversation is too much and people talk about this film for no reason. This is very hard and unfortunately shows when writing many movie guides. People only speak and speak and understand everything to understand as much as possible, so that the film is not challenging or compelling because it has this essential element. Think of the Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; His films have little conversation and everything is necessary because he tells them about other instruments in the cinema, never discussing it or talking to other characters in his films. This is the talent they should have talented writers to write bigger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, the Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually breathes a part of Eastern cinema as well as the song that is played on the song. The movie is very beautiful and fortunately won the Hong Kong Film Awards at that time. I give China's Ghost Story 7/10 and, without any doubt, it would definitely be the perfect masterpiece of fantasy genre.
