Joan Fontain here is absolutely compelling to the love-loving beauty that does not love one's own. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money by combining his shame and curiosity, and they live in a small room, with little or no hope. They continue to put on the most amazing outfits as if they were doing something wrong with socializing outside. He is a charming, foolish, but very agreeable friend. However, Fontain has decided to go because it has exceeded its usefulness. So he decides to think he does not want to divorce, to make progress. In the meantime, he decides to fall as a lover (Patric Knowles). Herbert Marshall meets the old man, the boat has all the trimmings and even more money than Fontain can wear. He directs it and decides he will do well. It is wonderful to have young beauty to eat. Certainly, it's not very exciting, and it's a sexual appeals like yesterday's tortilla. But Fontaine's money is just a man with eyes, and he has a clear transparent man and a man, so he does not even realize or care what he looks like, he looked through one and he really wanted it. and goes. Her husband is poisoning and she works well and well, everything works well. But it always happens in the movies, and sometimes in life, some unexpected things begin to worsen and the tension rises dramatically, which begins with the sweat of Fontaine. An evil and frightened fountain is very good, and when the network begins to approach the girl, the sense of despair increases and it is at the corners of our seats. Hysteria and fear take enormous calculations and cunning. But he has found crime for his crime, the character of his lover, the innocent victim of his plan. The murderer hates him in murder, his husband's poison struck unexpectedly. Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who has been the Scottish Inspection Inspector who has already been determined, believes that something is wrong and the story begins to doubt and Fontaine has a suspicion. It closes over it, and some scenes are inspired by a horrible panic. But will the life of the innocent be saved before being saved? Does Fontaine not send her to her? Herbert Marshall protects her? This film, directed by Sam Wood, is directed and a very thriller is a suspense thriller, which I think is very well-known to describe a big black movie.
