The Sea is Watching movie has been an interesting experience. First and foremost, the general feeling was intense, embedded, claustrophobic and low. Each frame inside of it seems to be a picture, very focused and not a bigger picture. It was evident that we should look at each frame. The physicality of the group contributed to the feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road cut off half the road, and they opened small sheds and tiny townhouses as small establishments that were established throughout the country. The ocean view also has a small landing so you can count on a longer lawn that winds long winds. There are no panoramas. Actually, he reminded me of the Moulin Rouge's Montmarte sequence, where he focused on the camera windmill, creating a feeling of a small area that is happening. <br /> <br /> While play was right It was really not possible how lines were delivered, but I felt that the actions were very melodramatic and absurd. Why did Kikuno continue when Fusanosuke maintained that his future marriage was not really true? People did not change so much, and although Kikuno's character was so powerful and resilient that the O-shin business was failing, the reaction seemed unnecessary. When Kikuno's beautiful boy appeared, Ryosuk intervened and pushed down the stairs, a strange representation was another model. As he got up, the ladder was rising, and he was only happy to fight outside the camp. I do not like the fight scenes ?? u contraire ?? But it seemed a little sharp and again, too dramatic. Otherwise, even if it was a beautiful movie that was not seen, it seemed an interesting look at the darker side of prostitution (in front of the geisha). Unfortunately, maybe we have waited for the woman's expectations ("honey? I'll give you feedback on the comments we have given the comments") and they questioned me in the nineteenth century. . Inside the house, the internal operation became interesting, lively and real, and in the 19th century. I did not expect or imagine a romantic view of the century in Japan.
