The Umi wa miteita film was a short film by Akira Kurasa, a last-time film that made Shugoro Yamamoto a great fan of filmmakers to film his screenplay. The director Kei Kumai pays homage to Kurosawa and Yamamoto by presenting the brilliant vision of the image transformation. XIX. When it was set up in Japan during the century, the story explores the life of Geisha's women's home. In life you can make money with pleasant men. The house is run by a couple of elderly couples who are a wonderful group of geisha women who know their business and pride their career. Each one has the motive to change the life of the geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) helps his family in the adjacent village. Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has good and evil clients who keep stories of her caste. He wears love with friends of samurai in danger, he is in love with a sweet friend, he only needs to marry his wife, and Osino likes to marry his married betrothed promise. Oshin leaves his heart easily, but Kikunok and other geisha are emotionally and physically accepted. <br /> <br /> Ryosuke, a beautiful samurai (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshina and develops his trustful first relationship. Kikuno can cause problems to decide on the love of an old man who wants to get married with him, and to face a rich but abusive client. While the sea is watching and the typhoon destroys the geisha house and street, Oshin and Kikuno are sitting on the roof waiting for the rescue of Ryosuk. The end of the story is sacrifice, love and devotion. Looks at the sea and finds true love protection. <br /> <br /> Photos of Kazuo Okuhara are beautifully beautiful: glittering lanterns and geisha-colored interiors that match the repetitive and tranquil seas. . Or play plays for art, but the characters are well-developed and keep the story compelling. The only distraction to what Kurosawas would exclude from the Kurosaws is that the real instruments of Japanese music are truly instrumental except for a solo track with isolation, such as musical scores such as sound opera. But in the end, the impact of the Kurosaw is enough for the dreams dream that keeps the film in the world of cinema. Grady Harpa
