This is one of my favorite horror films. A rich and elegant production, with an excellent multi-cast cast, beautiful cinematic location, amazing music score, intelligent plot and novel, and an atmosphere of fear and menace. ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, for example, reminiscent of classical movies. The young and the wounded women, at that time, are supernatural forces that have terrible antiquity buildings. Here, CRISTINA RAINES, in New York fashion, is called Alison Parker. The soul is happy and emerging, a conflicting and confusing soul. This reveals that he had committed suicide twice in his past as a teenager after his father-in-law's father had gone to bed, after having had two women and had taken a silver cross from his neck and pulled it on the ground. , and for the second time, the wives of his wife's wife, who allegedly committed suicide. Playing his own beau (played with CHRIS SARANDON properly played) has to say he or she lives one year or so, responds to a newspaper ad, which is a fully furnished apartment in Brooklyn Heights, an old brownstone. This building actually exists and there is a 10 Montague Terrace, next to Brooklyn Heights Promenade on Rems Street. The producers actually filmed it inside the building and their apartments, of course, the residents paid their inconveniences. The real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), I find it very interesting to get the Alison apartment, especially if you're interested in a 6% commission. Especially when the price of the rent falls from $ 500 to $ 400.00 a month. Alison agrees, and after leaving the building with Mrs. Logan, an elderly man sits down and looks at him from the top floor window. Madam Logan identifies herself as Father Hall, and told Alison that she is blind. Alison's answer is very logical ... "People, then what do you see?" After that, he will meet with other residents of the Alison building, including the pair of lesbian pairs SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO. Alison gives you a welcoming welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being are soon deteriorating and scattering headaches and scarcity of headaches. Mademoiselle Logan disturbed the worries she had been worried about since the night was disturbed by nightmares, the barriers that emerged directly from the apartment, the blind priest is insolent and now he has no one to live. Over the last three years in this building. One night, calling for courage to overcome the nightmares, he armed himself with a knife and a flashlight and entered into the upper apartment. The spirit of the deceased's father's face is confronting him and uses his knife to defend himself when he comes after him. The police investigate and find no violence in this apartment - corpse, blood, nothing. However, the Alison building escaped and fell on the street, covered in blood, in his opinion. But there's a mark. Alison does not realize that until the movie is deleted, being in this brownstone has a purpose. He was really there because of the reason that originated from the Eden garden and the story of the angel Uriel, who came back to the Biblical, who came to look after the devil. The Catholic Church is acquainted with and is already preparing to be the most important task in order to assure her two suicidal attempts to be damned. At the same time, the "invisible" neighborhoods, which become more than curiosities, have another agenda for themselves. This is a competent and intelligent film, and it is surprising that the Church and its representatives are, above all, a brilliant source.
