Michael Winner is probably best known for his films of vengeance, for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he plays as a horror movie director in 1977, "The Sentinel." "The Sentinel," based on the novel by John Konvient, who writes the script, is a clear and horrible religious horror hidden horror that should not be hidden. The films are, of course, inspired by classic hidden albums such as "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but I think that it is very easy, as well as just as unbelievable as these, and probably, almost as evocative films. are creepier <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model from New York. Traumatized by past events and is not ready to marry his lawyer (Chris Sarandon), he is looking for an apartment in Allison, and finds it very pleasant in an old Brooklyn mansion. The new home, however, comes with a set of other rare occasions. The crazy new neighbors soon become like Alice. This is not a good plot synopsis, but the great moments of this film would be hurt, so I will not give an explanation. On the other hand, "The Sentinel" is a very awesome and effective film, won by a large cast and often a bizarre and always stunning atmosphere. Michael Winner and John Konnvitz, as well as directors, also acted as a producer. The film captures imaginary photos, and this strange old Brooklyn palace is a fantastic scene for this kind of film. As we have just said, the atmosphere is dark and terrifying, and the movie also includes a lot of accidents and real fears. The film has extravagant and extravagant characters and an excellent cast. Ederra Christina Raines is great at Allison Parker's role, lovable and still relentless. Chris Sarandon is very good with his boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and contributors have great names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo or Tom Berenger. Also, Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and, my favorite, Eli Wallach are the guilty of being. For a long time I've been a fan of Michael Winner, especially for films such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "Sentinel" is another excellent movie in Winner's repertoire, as well as a man who is not only a master mountaineer, but also a master of the horror film. In the end, "The Sentinel" is an incredibly cool, intelligent and surprising, and it is highly recommended for all fans of horror!
