This horror movie based on the same name novel has a bad production and amateur director, but it is very surprising. Unlike horror films like The Exorcist, the viewer will immerse himself in the evil movie pool. He goes to the horror series, which shows the audience with the same drowsiness as the dream, so that he can not perceive it as a next sensible girlfriend. His assigned task is to sit in the gates of hell and prevent the evil from entering the world. This falls into the pardon of the suicide killing of suicide. <br /> <br /> The story is true for the book, it was exciting, but the way it can be edged is the loss of the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot, those who do not shave out and never show it, which hurt the film. Sorry The Sentinel is not an edge to your seat. it is more relaxed hanging. As bad as the automobile deteriorates, looking at it unwillingly becomes too unbearable. This movie is not bad, and it still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> The power was thrown. Christina Raines was fascinated by Alison, as a weak girl with spiritual aggression on both sides, a pawn in constant struggle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good at looking after his boyfriend, and ultimately focused on himself. Eli Wallach and Christopher Walken are very young in the fight to illuminate their unusual puzzle. Ava Gardner is elegant, when she knows the horrors hidden in real estate rent. John Carradine, the elderly man with his manual arthritis, is a superb kidney retinue. The devil plays a wonderful perfection by Burgess Meredith; It's so sweet and so bad. In this movie, future stars are hidden: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum, the affair of the sick girl, and Jerry Orbache successfully acts as a television director. In the end, the damn souls represent true realms and boys. Anyone who did this, was a brilliant but brilliant genius. The horror that goes into the movie movie opens up unexpectedly, for example, when Alison opens the door and finds something to remember his father's discovery. with its two wells. She has regained her first attempt at suicide, it looks like two lesbians are rare and dysfunctional, and the cat is cuts like a cake. Again, it has escaped through reality and fantasy, through dreams and nightmares, while remaining in the midst of fighting. Actually, the demon tries to make dumbfest before he dies to become the next caregiver. Will it succeed ...? In short, slow but incredibly terrifying, well-aimed but poorly addressed, and a typical 70s horror film that is really real before it's excitement. (It may not be possible) This movie may not work for those who have a lot to pay attention, but the backbone may still be a great way, and it may still have a drastic impact. In the field of evil, it is still compelling and fun.
