Sigh ?? I really wonder why all the famous and supposedly critical critics have sucked Michael Winner against the director? Without a doubt, it is not the spoof of the innocence, since his films are almost always generous and confrontational, but what? It's really fun. His most famous feature films, for example, are the first three tickets called "Death Wish", for example, the simple goals that are supposed to glorify the personal use of violence and happiness, but also when the winner takes on a more mature film. genres ?? How about religious horrors in "Sentinel"? There is no chance of criticism. "The Sentinel" created some controversies and many annoyed it when it was released, when Michael Winner was mistaken for the disabled, he was trying to cross the gates between hell and earth. In the horror movie Freaks, Todd's Browning has become a masterpiece and landmark for more than thirty years without being banned or seen. And why? Undoubtedly, a wise and easily guilty person, who should not watch the movie, first of all, says that they have to do something ethical? I do not think that Michael Winner or Todd Browning would have to shoot those guns or make them appear in their movies so that they give us the right to feel embarrassed at those places. Another great reason why critics have welcomed "Sentinel" is Jeffrey Konvitzen's novel? and so Michael Winner's script? It is derived from other horror stories of great horror, and, as a result of the compassionate horror critics, it's just plagiarism. Without a doubt, significant items called "The Sentinel" may require "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist" ("The Exorcist"), but it seems that the 70s film is stolen in formulas and successfully imitates. If you have forgotten a somewhat unusual concept and take into account the underlying plots and unnecessary insults, "The Sentinel" is honestly still atmospheric and it is often awful for the 70's horror show. It will not be easy to forget it. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker is an admirable model with some mental traumatic mental illnesses, she goes into a wonderful Brooklyn brownstone apartment, deeply opposed to her boyfriend's friend Michael's will. several times already. Alison's physical existence and, above all, his mental situation varies a bit, and the disturbing apartment seems to be the root of all misery. He knows the strange neighbors and will take part in the birthdays for his cats, although a blind priest and blind priests are tenants. He often reflects on the work he is doing, and has a frightening view of his father's bastard and tried to commit suicide tonight. Gradually, it has been clear that Alison has chosen to become a supernatural target in this apartment, but at the same time avoid and avoid evil forces. It is extremely regrettable that the promotional labels and the brief shorts on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's brown apartment is on the floor because of the hell itself's gateway, because the writing of the film is slowly being built. revelation Approximately 75 minutes (and in severe and sometimes overwhelming sequences), Michael Winner maintains that Alison tricks herself with herself, and the participation of the Catholic Church and her fiancée's strange behavior is wonderful. The most scary scenes come to be geniuses, like Alison's recession or the upper floor priests. With the controversial guests we have mentioned, the whole fluctuation, literal confusion of terroir terrorism is one of the most unforgettable memories I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> The capture of Michael Winner is very impressive, especially if "Sentinel" is a terrific horror movie and this genre is not the most popular among actors, but also a bit of a play outlook. With many works, some of the roles of the movie are less than cameos. Martin Balsam and John Carradin, for example, only appear together in a couple of minutes on the screen. Others (for example, Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) add a lot of popularity to the current film, but when they were released they were still unknown to attract strangers. The personal selection of the best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as a bizarre neighbor and Eli Wallach as a satirical police inspector. Cristina Raines, who is quite unknown, has a great job of making films and Chris Sarandon is well-protected, even though he plays ridiculous mustache. My low opinion is "The Sentinel", a horror movie that is fascinating and entertaining, and it is definitely essential to see TRUE genre fanatics.
