This was the first thing that I saw when I saw the credit screen in Europe that I had seen on my screen, I never saw the whole life of that technical genre movie, I have any movie that looks so impressive in Europe as I looked at, check out Michael Bay, Ridley Scott Hollywood Bright cinematography, more ethereal beauty that would bring two things in Europe for a million years. Now I would record a genius of Lars von Trier in the back of Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark. But this stupid thing is that European film experts have not realized so much time. It's a crime against film, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life, like the unboxed garbage purges, is to clean the awards of the academy (but I know) Europe has been hidden, absent video games and (until recently) any British television channel. <br /> <br /> European images are not MTV shine; It is not the case with the style of substance, it is more dictating the style of case of substance. Like the Element of Crime in the first film, von Trier uses the focus of the main character to enter his world, and as an element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, viewers). hypnotized. As the tracks go down, the narrator's voice (Max von Sydow) sleeps deeply, until Europe awakens. This is why von Trier and his three cinematographers can pay the time and image conventions. There are many scenes in Europe, a character on the background, in black and white, who will be in touch with a person with a color. von Trier wants to show the color element or pre-existing characters, for example, it's not surprising that the first shot by Leopold Kessler (Jean-Barr Barr) is a color, because it's the only character. who are the actions above the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not be matched by the performances of von Trier's subsequent films, but that's the fact that sometimes the images are so rare that you're not getting in the first place. round However, I'd like to point out the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr's role, as the two ideal parties warn slowly on both sides until they appear in the last act of the films. Again, like The Element of Crime, our heroine's film is unable to wake up to his nightmare state, he left this terrible place, only a continuous narration of von Sydow's closing destiny. Europe is a horrible film and I can not think how shameless that von Trier was casting this way of filming, one of the greatest talents of visuals that worked at the time, Europe, like its cinematic cannon. It is filled with the richness of the iconic scenes. His compositions and mise-en-scene performances are unmatched, without mentioning the use of sound and production design. But his melodramatic melodrama, arguing that Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark were evident, seems to be loss of imaginary talent. 10/10
