Prisons are not so famous for hospitality and "happy", fighting fights, chaos, murder and, of course, extreme male ties! But in this movie the jail is completely different. The horror film that you have in your cells, as you probably know, is not particularly emphasized by the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape. two of the greatest themes of horror film. For example: THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, the same as the exploitation of Women In Prison. What you know is something that is inventive and fun. Or, at least, you would think that. The prisoners are definitely very funny and fun and it is shameful not to know it well. <br /> <br /> A short film is in an old jail (well, duh!) is reopened. However, prisoners do not only have to be frightened by prisoners and guardians, but they also have a ghostly demon of mind mentalities; death! And boys, we're playing terrible deaths! I do not break you here, but there are many innovative and entertaining killings by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to special effects and killings, this film also has another thing; it's thrown. Below, the Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) is the protagonist of Viggo Mortensen (and, nevertheless, for all the inclined, he has no nude) whose performance is not only compelling but also his ability. The Eastwood-skier character is very bad and nice (very delicate mix). Add it to a "wait-a-minute-I-know-that-guy" cast and you've got a great star set. The characters, however, lack three dimensionalities and are often stereotyped. We have a black owlist, a hard-hitting caregiver, a human rights activist, and many other characters. Honestly, this "guilty" movie really helps. Instead of narrowing the boring development of characters into a long balance, do we give lower or lower action, and when it progresses (very early), there is not a single scene? balls on the wall plot. Unlike SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! The Convention shares the slasher genre, that is, the same convention, and in the good tradition of the genre, punishes those who had a bad PRISON. <br /> <br /> Everything is terribly frightening. neglected between film and horror world. Excellent shot and special effects and, above all, death scenes, this film is highly recommended for horror lovers. Do not imagine that it will be a short film, but it is made in the 1980's of the US, chevron is far away (even if it is spoiled) and at the same time Although totally realistic and realistic. It tries to confront crimes like imprisonment, which is quite fine. <br /> <br /> <br /> I have given five five luvs. A horror movie very fun, with very pleasant touches.
