In 2003, it was the Matrix Year, a two-track game that was linked to the plot of the movie. He also published a DVD with 9 animated shorts, written and written in Japan and made as an Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these short films are depressing. The best of them is the first part of the Matrix prequel to the first film. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance is a historical archive. Men made machines, like theirs. Human beings live a lot of lives for grinding machines, social workers, secondary citizens. In the year 2090, a machine, a trial of the murder of the BI-66ER, was killed after the owner had been killed. The machine does not have reasonable judgments and riots all over the world. The governments of the world must dismantle the machines. Many machines leave human society and form the Middle East, O1. 01 has a fertile economy that easily infects the nations, forcing the economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and the exclusion of machines that demand peace, so that these slaves were men responsible for the war. The second Renaissance is an interesting watch, a traditional and excellent animation style. it establishes a world that is compelling. The machines suffered abuse and humanity sowed seeds of its destruction. There is a political and social world that offers a lot of time in a short time. Brief describes the type and style of a classic silent metropolis movie, especially the underworld. Slavery issues, employee class and racial abuse. It also has religious short stories and religious iconography. Above all, men saw them as God and created machines like them. They were seen as masters of machines. The machines also use religious iconography, especially the cradle of human civilization that makes up their nation and the United Nations machine made by Adam and Eve providing an apple. Animation style is beautiful as traditional anime style (like Akira). The designs of the set are excellent, combined with futuristic historical cities and for example. Washington D.C .. The future scene is fine and amazing film is amazing. Director Mahiro Maeda directed the anime Bill section Kill Bill Vol. 1, so it has good Hollywood credentials. Violence is ready for use and wants to know how to keep a story. <br /> <br /> Matrix is ​​a follow-up error of the first film Morpheus has said that humans do not know about historical history or who started it. war But the watch is good.
