I pulled out a VHS box from my wide collection - often without seeing - and I wrote a movie based on the box based, and I thought it would be fun, yes, it was bad. Prison had this cheesy 80's in that box. I sat and watched, and there it was! and see !, we have found that we have seated some of the planned preview films. Fortunately, I reversed the mine, and soon I realized that it was sitting on a good movie, but it was a good movie. The prison depicts an old and harmful prison to save on budget concerns. It seems evil, empty and full of prisoners. The most atmospheric jail used as a set and the most important character in the film. The story used as a prisoner tells his predecessor of a man who died by electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guardian - He broke the cross before sending the man to his creator. Then, today, we go to the first place in a meeting that decides to open a government commission to open a prison and admit that it is acceptable for a beautiful doctor to open the old prison again. Then, we see the new patron, Lane Smith, seeing a nightmare in bed - and it has not been for a few years now to open a prison. The rest are: prisoners and guards arrive at many stereotypes. They give us a deeper character and some prisoners are interesting characters. It is a better operation than Lane Smithe always did as a job. Viggo Mortenson, a very different prisoner, was strong. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane analyze the limits of their stereotyped stars. Chelsea Field is well positioned as a female leader. The best show is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated actress, called Cresus, who had been imprisoned for a few years in prison, a "man" who had been imprisoned "with a terrible secret. Prison is not the next best sliced ​​bread or something like that, but it's definitely worth a look. , I would definitely be much more than expected, and I was so impressed by the fact that Renny Harlin's director made a story so visually atmospheric as Rhythm and Harlin could build his scenes. There are some shooting scenes - just like the sidewalks with all the pipes But these scenes are visually creative and interesting, even honest, which is usually much more cohesive than what was obtained from the film like this, which would be introduced through Irwin Yablans, which is why remembering the holiday as awful as Halloween. Here, the prescription is already much e It's more terrifying. Give the rest of the prison (get).
