What we have here is a comparatively low-budget horror piece, a pretty original premise, one of the cast's most popular faces and one of the most ambitious shots in the horror movie. So ... can not anyone know why this film is so completely underrated? "Prison" is Harlin's Finnish film and continues to be the best effort, making "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story takes place in an old and ridiculous prison in Wyoming, the cause of excessive population again in modern state modern states. In the old rude executions, there is still a wicked spirit that was the last victim of the electric chair. Nowadays, Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) has been promoted today 40 years ago when this innocent man was killed, and the spirit still recalls his unjust behavior. The revenge seems to have come to an end. Viggo Mortensen plays a good rookie who needs to avoid a greater number of limbs, and Chelsea Field is a social worker to light up the silent past. <br /> <br /> "The prison has more than half a dozen memorable sequences, but it's a bit wiser, it sticks to you! Unlike other horror images of that decade, the" Prison "has an amazing sense of realism! I mean, of course, a real landscape and a mood of imprisonment, and they are not compromising on supernatural killings ... although they are really worrying. The best part of the movie is prisoner-drama sequences that are realistic and harsh, combined with visual love and horror. The main fight against mortality on the wire in the earthquake is the best horror momentum (I had a nightmare that I saw at a minor age). Hunting! The script is the only mistake, but it is common ... I think it's almost inevitable: Topical! The story is in a nearby prison. We got ugly and fat pervert with her "boyfriend" toy, cowardly guard Does racism prevent all costs? naturally ?? a n black guy who lives all over life (does anyone hear someone named Morgan Freeman?) Do not blind yourself to these topics, it's my advice, because there are many other items that admire it. The dark and humid photography keeps the mystery long and successful and the great sponsors of the class-class actors are excellent (fans will also meet Tom Longett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and Horror Horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget the terrible goddess of "Shocker" Wes Craven's great session or "pathetic" pathetic cheese. This is the only prison worth checking out. Considering the most successful success of Viggo Mortensen today (I heard that the elves, hobbyists and other fairy-talents were the star of a successful franchise ...), it will give us 80s horror jewelry to get an urgent DVD release.
