Totally tactical, strange (see the kinky moment that plays like a giant blonde with a corpse doll), as a pocket for some of the rich; This inappropriate French production has strange and inadequate ideas, and in its absurd stanzas (even anti-heroes), Alain Delon and Charles Bronson are based on their charismatic nature. Actually, they do not do all this, especially in a limited and long section, where they hide in a building during Christmas break, with a possible 10,000 possible combinations to break a safe. Oh fun! But this is when the relationship between Delon and Bronson characters is created. After a voluntary confrontation manipulation (and childhood sly games against each other), both understand each other and have mutual respect. This would involve more bends of the second half of the story, that is, the unknown curve ball. However, the initial meeting suggests that there is more, but what we get is: "What will happen?" you could jump out. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad to leave the system. <br /> <br /> The adaptation is very slow, but that's why it's moderate and that's what it is supposed to do to escape with the strenuous and remarkable voltages that run away. Check the same process repeatedly, and you know that something is wrong and the scams are finally included in the game. Everything that happens nowadays is felt spontaneously, but the main rise is haunting. Hardcore writing is probably very modest for its benefit, but there are some novels (coins, glass and liquids, not tasted) and visual symbolism. Jean Herman's direction is efficiently sophisticated and small, but it is artificial and has a great atmosphere. Sound FX has a higher awareness, which keeps more than Francois DeRoubaix's funky scores, wrapped up after its penetrating opening. Delon's top drawers (who is pretty smoothly) and Bronson (the template) are solid and each one works enormously. Bernard Fresson considers that this position is more than an Inspector who knows what is happening more than what is happening. Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot have a great support for attractive female casts. <br /> <br /> Criminal direction, but a polished drama, maintained by its two leads and strange implications.
