This is the first silent film by Jean Renoir and, perhaps, because he has considered it to be the best of justice, and his first great work. Generally, it is a very sure and technically-produced movie, it was only the second effort of Renoir. For the lovers of the director, Renoir's most recent films include THE CHOBERMAID (1946) DIARY and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - A few aristocrats who cheat on the ground of a deadly female fatal. for him - but also the GUARANTEE OF THE GAME (1939) - As the noisy servers show how they play their backs of their masters away from them - and FRENCH CANCAN (1955) - Nana can be seen at one point scandals dancing. Personally, I would say G.W. She is a contributor to the movie. Pabst's PANDORA'S BOX (1928), the lively life of the courteous life of a courteous LOLA MONTES (1955), the BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls's LOLA MONTES (1955), by Josef von Sternberg. <br /> <br /> Having said that, when the film was a critical and commercial failure, it was a "crazy idea" because Renoir mentioned it later in his memoirs, which could not be solely earned (eventually I sell some of the paintings at the end of the father, but it has almost been given to film! Stylistically, NANA Renoir's sound is very different and Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922) owes a special debt to Renoire's film One, and in my personal note, I should be quick to review (after the owner), Kino DVD and the other, von Stroheims, for 4 years. However, NANA is definitely not without mistakes: a deliberate rhythm feels a generous offer of 130 minutes when sequences (especially horses race, especially) extend. <br /> <br /> The way of acting in the style of the show is sometimes difficult, especially Catherine Hessling's Nana and Georges Hugon, Raymond Guerin-Catelain (one of her harassment) ... although technically, they must be bad characters . the actress (who takes a life-long life when she escapes) and a mature weakness, respectively. However, Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH (RENEIR's wife at that time) is not as attractive as "the pride of elegance" (as described by another admirer in his time). every man that knows him is capable of being slave. Among others, Dr. Caligari himself, Werner Krauss (the most famous director of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (initially skeptical but eventually tragic as Nana's lover) and Claude Autant-Lara was famous filmmaker (Claude Moore and it works well as art). conductor here) who is in love with Muffat's closest friend but secretly married wife! <br /> <br /> See what I've printed on "Lionsgate's" Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition, "which is mostly restored and beautifully dyed, previously only available on the French DVD, based on a French literature classic ( Emile Zola, less) can not contribute to the screen for several times and the two most notable versions are in 1934 by Dorothy Arzner (along with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill, VHS, and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer I do not know them).
