I love this movie. Over the years, I have seen some criticisms (negatives) that I've read. Eddie Murphy's great vehicle! Participating with Chandler Jarrell seemed to be very good, and it seemed to him not to be cared for by critics. and most of the audience liked it! And, it was fun to watch it because it combined it with fantastic tension, combined with the great comedy style of Mr. Murphy. Do you have to remember that 'Golden Child' is a fantastic movie? Imagine the imaginative work of magic and the "real world". During the release of this movie, I was working on a video rental shop. This is one of the most popular among all our customers. At each time, we put this on our monitor, according to the waiting list, we made all the copies that we waited for in the months! They loved all who rented it! I was a resident of film critics and my ordinary customers would ask my opinion before renting? This was one of my favorites and I met the taste of my clients, I recommend this to most of them. Do I really feel that this movie is a sleeper? Maybe it's not very good at the box office? due to poor marketing? But video game rental and a bigger purchase market later on! (YES, I bought this movie in my library!). Did I worship the boy who played "The Baby Boy"? J. L. Reate - but after analyzing his profile on the IMDb, I never realized that he had never finished a movie. That is sad, it was a definitive screen aura and it could continue with the cinematographic career. Victor Wong also worshiped me, he played in Old Man (I love him as his 'Egg Shen' as 'Big Trouble in Little China in Little' - 1986). In any case, it was a great movie. Did the disadvantages that did not come into contact with the subject were some of the more "mature" in nature? For example, "Chandler was introduced as a silhouette of sex-notes about the snake lady." It was fun, but it was not yet synchronized. Ok, so were the suggested free scenes? maybe they put them in the daytime pillow. However, today we need an adventurous and fledgling Dutch film to put aside the hard-faced and weak depressing reality that emerges from Hollywood Hollywood. Now, entertainment!
