Thriller Thriller A !, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Protagonists: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> </ p> <p> Paul Armstrong, a liberal teacher, but heartfelt, has invited Bobby Earl to the Flordia Everglades for being convicted of a senseless black conviction. an immensely murdered eleven-year-old girl. As he progresses more mysteriously, Bobby Earl believes he is a victim of discrimination. Lt. Tanny Brown, the black community detective of the small community, is corrupt and means. After entering the author of the psychiatrist of the Blair Sullivan series, he learns that he knows the murderer who kills the girl. Armstrong finds Sullivan through a small town and personally finds that it is coincident with that letter. he wrote Bobby Earl gets a revelation. He has no solution from prison and his terrible punishment comes out. Everything looks like it looks good on the pool until an unexpected call for the Sullivan series killer. Armstrong has found outrageous double killings by Sullivan. I am rotten awful. It turns out here. It has become that Bobby Earl's psycho-killer is really raped and killed by Joanie Shriver. Sullivan has only been done with psychic psychosis. Let's stop again to avenge. A beautiful wife and a beautiful daughter from Armstronge. Now he dies at Sullivan. Armstrong and the tough guy Brown had to pursue the Everglades criminals. When it turns out, Armstrong's Bobby Earl tries to kill his wife and daughter, who will kill his emotion and daughter, the terrible pain He intends to make the trial of the offense and castration.But, well, virtuous police Brown is created and thwarts brutally baddie. It touches you and men laugh at the hilarious Alligators. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife, and his daughter alive and happily. Thriller is a mysterious and subcontracted world. Good lawmakers have laws that are racist. Named by unsuitable penalties. Sometimes a black man and a innocent man is badly condemned to be evil. Sean Connery is as sober as you, a holy hero. Lururence Fishburne is amazing, but good police. Underwood and Harris are higher and they turn on as bad as psychos. Capeshaw is well. Ruby Dee is great as a grandmother. The rest is also wonderful.
