This is the fourth von Trier I've seen. In my opinion, I think it's the only director who has given me so much in every movie. I gave them four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking the Waves, and Dancer in the Dark, 10, and I gave them The Idiots, 9 (and I looked again at whether I would give 10 or not. , I'd like to see it again again). He has been named as one of the best direct conducting directors. I agree with him. I can not blame you when you have made great movies. After 50 years, von Trier has retired as a renowned European artist (perhaps from the planet), and there are classes taught in his name. It's just Bergman or Fellini of our time. It's very bad for critics to be too strange to warn them. <br /> <br /> About Europe itself, it seems confusing to me and its strong narrative does not seem to be. I think that. This movie, of course, led to a nightmare or subconscious level to represent. This is quite clear in the film frame: Max von Sydow's narration. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our unconscious. I look more into his mind, because European degradation is too small for me, American. This is also clear from The Element of Crime, if you have seen a better film than this one (even if I take it into account), Europe needs a bit more than what is needed, the DVD criteria again with the theater magazine, the aspect ratio and the sound and image again Associated, then, I'm pretty sure, the movie seems like a good movie of von Trier, The Element of Crime, this film begins with the hypnotist on the screen, is a hypnotist of Fisher, a European detective who wants to get the root of his mental anxiety One of the first words of this film, "Fantasia is okay, but my work is in a good way." And whenever the narrator, Fisher, comes out of the track, the hypnotist himself punishes him and tells him to play the story again. a foolish and absurd line, something that says: "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" Hypnotism The attendees laughed and said: "Now, Fisher, did not really say that, right?" <br /> <br /> So the key to interpreting Europe is the elementary element of Crime. We were deep in the subconscious of von Trier, and the symbols must be interpreted in our own, and all of us will be different for everyone. What does the trajectory symbolize? Think inside and then discuss it from the outside. Europe is an excellent movie masterpiece. They never got bored, though I saw at 3:00 p.m. The ideal moment to see it, in fact, works in the dream logic.
