Instructions: The narrative of Max von Sydow hypothesizes the protagonist (and audience) in 1945, a young American American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) who came to Germany in World War II in 1945 to help rebuild the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) works with a supplier in the large corporation Leopoldo Zentropa, but soon Leopold is in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg) is the daughter of Zentropa's owner. Leopoldo is being ravaged by himself, taking advantage of his loss of ideology, and choosing between pest or gullies. <br /> <br /> <br /> Mysterious, hypnotic, manipulative, beautiful, beautiful, ugly. When Lars von Trier is thinking of the masterpiece of the 1991 EUROPA, the immediate descriptions that come to mind are terrifying. The final chapter of the Europe trilogy. The US centered on ZENTROPA and the audience would not be confused with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPA EUROPA since 1990 (WWII drama). The Europe trilogy has been comprised of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT since 1984 and EPIDEMIC since 1987 (it only sold 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy is related to thematic hypnosis and the loss of idealism, although they are as essential as the images that are not related to this trilogy. At the inauguration of EUROPA a locomotive is approaching to us, an unnamed narrator literally hypnotizes us: "Ten mentally minded, you will be in Europe, ten, I say ten." The metaphor of the ability to transport mother's unconscious reality. EUROPA uses a strange but very effective visual style that the renowned Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier. The film is black and often blends in red with blood, red dress, etc. According to rumors, Steven Spielberg inspired the use of a similar effect on SHINDLER'S LIST since 1993 (another drama in World War II). Trier also calls Dutch angels and renews the projection of the background by adding layers of layered layer layers of cooperation, but unlike Hollywood's old-fashioned movies, Trier uses it for reasons of art. We emphasize the carefully crafted visual techniques that are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; EUROPA's universe is not real! EUROPA criticism is often criticized for criticizing plot and character technique (such as multi-layer projection), but this is criticized by Stanley Kubricken's 1968 visual masterpiece in 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY. Nowadays, there is a compulsory place for film history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical error. Apparently, Trier denies the 'fear of nations' in the terrorist group attributes too much historical importance. It's correct for different online sources (fascinating themes - try Google it yourself!) However, Trier's goals are not in education and they do not specify in history. EUROPA is a permanent nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe that finds the audience is a distorted reality. It also shows how deceptive our memory is, a 100% exact reconstruction is a lie! Although young people with experience in EUROPE, despite young people's memories of World War II, their collective memory is from a number of BBC documentaries; so little precision really has a purpose. but in the memory of Leopold. <br /> <br /> The three trilogy of Europe has all three chapters lost by the noblest intentions that oppose young ideologues and their ideological innocence. FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and the ambiguous endings of EUROPA show the ideologues definitely trapped in their hypnotized realities. In 1990, they shot and filmed in Europe on EUROPA, full writers Lars von Trier and Niels Vørsel were very interested in World War II. Show it It has beautiful images that captivate the atmosphere of this period of time. An excellent example is the old Polish church (mainly filmed by Polish economic reasons) at EUROPA's final ceremony. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think that EUROPA will receive a well-deserved place in cinematography history. The method of converting old-fashioned love-making and black-and-white techniques into black films is so strange and very different from the one you can see today's Hollywood scene or any other dream factory. <br /> <br /> <br /> EUROPA is a key film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some people write them as mere speculative commerce, but it would be a disaster. Trier is in common with other classics and semi-classics, for example FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT since 1984, RIGET series since 1993 and DOGVILLE since 2003. Trier is a unique experience with his actors and the Dogme95 Manifesta. See! "Ten number ..." 9/10
