I did not know the time I had not imagined in this black comedy in 1971. However, I do not mean that the movie is clear. XVI. It is located in the Brazilian suburbs, where opponents of French and Portuguese settlers use indigenous peoples as confederates, in the fight for superiority. It is especially interesting about the film that Portugal has done from the French point of view. The French hero is pleasant, the Portuguese are barbarians and the rest of the French are oppressed and brave. The film makers are objective, when everything is said and done, it does not in any way make a difference. When inheritance is overcome by the environment, when established by the tribes. Enemies are made and sustained, so that environmental integration never progresses. <br/> <br/> Frenchman captured the Portuguese and then captured by an indigenous tribe Tupinambas when they ravaged a group of Portuguese. The shamrock of the tribe announced that they would find a strong Portuguese, as a vengeance, because the brother of the chief would kill a Portuguese balloon. Thinking Frenchman is Portuguese, they now have one. However, the Frenchman maintains the town's career, sooner or later she will give her a wife and her ordinary look takes more than her western clothes or any clothes. The other Frenchman arrives at the village and tells the tribe that he is a Portuguese prisoner and assures Frenchman that he finds a secret treasure hidden by Frenchman by another European. <br /> </> I found a scary scene funny, because the narrative related to the contradictions on the screen is satiated, although it does not seem to want much more to keep that movie tone. Actually, it's not a horrible movie. Hard life, vitality, hard life and mature adult women do not only make French, but we also forget about any threat, and we feel like a free man. It should not be terribly hard. There is little desire for cannibalism, nudity naked before cast, that Pereira dos Santos developed a dry political drawing of the mythology of the new world and unconditional social coherence. In any case, this social commentary of the 1500s, located in a bay of 365 islands, almost completely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi, promotes an efficient breakdown of the specific methods set out in the centuries.
