The CCCC is the first Bollywood movie in 2001. When I saw the movie trailer, I thought it would be a beautiful movie for the family. I was right Salman Khan has yielded the highest performance. My family was not very pleased, but after seeing this film, my family is very impressed with it. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a hit for three main characters. <br /> <br /> Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meet and are in love. They will marry and go to Switzerland on their honeymoon. When they came forward, Raj and Priya found out that Priya was pregnant. The Raj family are full of joy, especially when they know Rajen given (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family are being cricket a day and a Priya accident causes Priya to cause a miscarriage. Raj is a very close family friend, Balraj Chopra doctor (Prem Chopra). Raj and Priya tell her that she can no longer have children. Raj and Priya relax the family. Raj and Priya are looking for surrogacy. Surrogacy will find a girl for them and Raj and baby baby will be together and then delivered to the baby Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Its name is Madhubala (Preity Ribbon). Dancer and prostitute. Raj says the state and the money he punishes and accepts. Raj changed Madhubala completley. Rajek Priya says she has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya come together and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this, nobody knows. Priya goes through the night in a church and only Raj and Madhubala spend the night together. The doctor confirmed that Madhubala is pregnant and are happy. The Raj family says that Priya is pregnant. They're happy again. Madhubala Raj likes and wants. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The thing that I did not like about the movie was the idea of ​​surrogacy. They had to do the right thing in the movie, but it did not break the movie. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The movies are excellent. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi "." Mehndi "is a very colorful song. The movie is worth 10/10!
