Martin Scorsese is a horrifying and influential filmmaker who chooses his favorite American films, which are classified according to his three different types of films: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau created new editing techniques such as the appearance of sound and color; Smuggler as director: Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and, above all, the director Vincente Minnelli, who concealed the annoying messages in their films; and the director as an iconoclast: filmmakers attacked civilian observations and attacks by physicists Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> It shows us how Hollywood's old study system was, despite being oppressive, as the director of filmmakers was in a position to support it, how to link political and financial boundaries. In the videos of the movies that we show, we recognize films that we have never seen before, but we are interested in what we are interested in. It evaluates its stylistic sensibilities along with the same sequence managers. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​film cinema has been understood as a snob; That's why some movie enthusiasts and critics only make "lists" better. However, the canons are "best", and cinema filmmakers argue that an excellent activity is a select compilation of "best films", that is, like a bigger hit tape, as the starting point. film students In short, one's own experience has shown how to write about all the films, including reviews, the construction of a movie cannon. Some cannon can be definitely elitists, but others may be "populist". As an example, the Internet Movie Database's Top 250 Movies lists elitist films, as well as the latest Hollywood movie blockbusters, as the "elitist" scoffs of The Dark Knight, as it now mixes in the top ten. In the middle of the first godfather, Schindler's list and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and other similar productions, Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorses has referred to the taxi driver Paul Schrader as an elitist "exchange", which is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese never spoke very much about her social and political ideologies, but we have seen an intense and obsessive lesson in the history and history of American birth and growth in both ideological domains, there is no special virtue or elitism or in populism. Elitism concentrates attention, recognition and, therefore, on the powers that are prominent. As a result of this discrimination, the demanding work of Jean-Luc Godard or the production practice of a filmmaker such as Michael Haneke can be overwhelming. However, populism is considered by the representative of liberty only to confirm the will of the people. As people claim about all the wrong misunderstandings about cinema, populism could be the potential and impact of cinema power. It is only possible to watch the movies, because it is an important social and metaphysical practice. And that's when Martin Scorsus tries to spend about four hours trying to tell us here, something that can not be seen from the first hand.
