When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese when he created the American series Century of the Cinema, he caught this opportunity with both hands. American Movies's personal, fascinating, wide-ranging, and, as the title suggests, is a personal look at Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Scorcese's story is mainly about Hollywood directors? Actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators have almost no mention. From the very beginning, the main conflict within filmmaking is that between the director's view and the profit-making plan between art and the viability of art and commerce. It also opens with a video clip by Vincente Minnelli's The Beautiful and the Beautiful to explore explicitly this contradiction. This determines the documentary structure. Scores ignored genres and questioned the clichés, how disagreements questioned the production code, and dared to point out that some filmmakers had fallen in love when it was different. However, Scorcese never leaves the director because he is happy to refuse to leave the director (thanks to Cecil B. De Millei), or those of unknown style, but the main artisans of cinema. /> <br /> Scorces does not necessarily play the favorite director (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, some of Scorcese's two greatest influences, only referred to earlier). Instead, he explores movies that tell the story and his story. For example, John Ford shows a series of films that show how developed in the west. Vincente Minnelli (the documentary director most often referred to) analyzes the work to show a genre of allegedly healthy music like darker undercurrents. I imagined that if this task was not limited to America, Scorces would also like to talk about it, such as the Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. However, it extends the definition of American cinema, such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, directors of immigrant Hollywood films, as well as American filmmakers produced elsewhere. It's similar to Stanley Kubricken. <br /> <br /> Unlike the Hollywood story, chronologically speaking, Scorcese contrasts different aspects of films in front of various issues. In the area of ​​film language and tools, it begins with DW Griffith, analyzes sounds, colors and wide-screen views, and inevitably surpasses computer-generated effects and, nevertheless, Scorcese is not enthusiastic. George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola had enough to defend films. However, it does not end this chapter as it ends here. Instead, he has returned to the 1950s to show low-budget horror mode, such as horror items such as Cat People, the easiest and cheapest items to get effective results. <br /> <br /> American Movies has a personal journey through one of the best documentary films. There were some directors and excellent photos, I would never have found, and the best filmmakers also found something new in their broad field. Scorcese has forgotten the balance or neglected photos. I was glad when I saw it, when Kubrick spoke in the "Iconoclasts" chapter, he looks at me for Lolita and Barry Lindon for me with his underrated movie. Respect for Scorcese support as it allows for clips to play full, rather than subtracting, and stops speakers (combination files and new conversations) only when necessary. In the 40s and 50s, there is little tendency, but it is not surprising that Scorcese is the time when he was acquainted with childhood and cinema. After all, I do not think that this document could have been a personal trip. <br /> <br /> However, if you analyze some photos, this documentary does not have this document. for a few reasons
