Water Lilies is a good first film about French sexuality and friendship in women. Sciamma works with a specialized and somewhat weary material, which is very attractive to others. Three new Paris neighborhoods are aimed at middle-aged girls and three girls with medium and medium-sized children. They live around a large indoor pool. There, three people are part of a water balloon group synchronized. <br /> <br /> Paralegals, siblings, deviations between work and school have taken the equation measures. Sensitive sense Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a shameless, but not a group, but she thinks she would like it. Marie worships Floriane (Adèle Haenel), the boys and girls who are very attractive. This leaves him away from the best friend of Marie, and a ballet team member, Anne (Louise Blachère), noisy. Being special, Anne's boys are really accessible. Floriane, like this movie, looks a little bit more, what she really offers. Marie has a more important quality for a teenager: she suffers from herself. Flroiane does not jump in so many situations and then go back. <br /> <br /> Marie is fascinated by water ballet and Floriane glamor. Floriane takes advantage of Marie's first slave to become her slave and her assignments, then, if she does not have another friend, trust. All other girls think that Florian has a slut, a man who loves men and boys, because they have boys who think they take him. The beautiful girl suffers the fate of being an object not only of an individual, but she can not cope with the validity given by the boys, kiss her and go to bed, but she does not care about them anymore and knows that the implications with them are a trap. Marie encouraged her husband and her mother (invisible) did not know about the boys, and she also saved Marie later. At first he seemed to the opposite, but as much as Marie-Marie needed so much as Floriane Marie needs it. Ann has discomfort with her body and the desire to put her on earth and in reality with other girls. <br /> <br /> <br /> By keeping all the external context, Sciamma can emphasize the delicate changes in delicate equation. three girls' goals and interactions. On the other hand, the water of the movie's madness, which includes a lot of showers and pork and underwater pools, sometimes feels airy and some of the 95 minutes are not so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and the trio sometimes forgets its goals and forgets, and girls are senseless girls. They are from different moments that give the film life; they're not too bad. But Sciamma has the courage of its obsessions and, as it emerges from the theater, it is characters and dynamics. During the course, it's nice to watch swimming and see the good looks that girls like. <br /> <br /> There is not much revelation or drama on the way, but it's interesting that Marie does not only admire her, but she really likes Floriane and her boyfriends being jealous. they stop on the way. In a typical irony of this plot, Floriane really decides that Marie wants her to have her first real sex - but Marie is the one who lasts, knowing that she will not have the importance of Floriane. to him When it's happening, it's terrifying and mechanical. Meanwhile, Ann swims to a swimmer, Francois (Warren Jacquin), but, of course, it is after Floriane. Boys are not an item removed, and it seems that there are always several dozen poolside or dance floor sets available, but they are just visible to the bodies and faces.
