This film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", means the French title "Olagarro birth", but it is not surprising that it is not surprising that in the English-speaking world "Water Lilies" has been marketed. "English titles" Marie "," Anne "and" Floriane "are three teens who are members of a synchronized swimming group based in the neighborhoods of Paris and the film creates a" age "drama: first sexual feelings. <br /> < > One of the main features of the film, perhaps, is that of a rare movie of that type, young people are only dedicated to their relationships, parents or teachers do not see anything, and very little from the adult world. Marie is shy, her retirement is small and small and she seems to be the three youngest: Anne Jane is a pretty blonde girl among Floriane, three, along with a beautiful swimmer named Francois, described as love-squares. <br /> <br /> Anne has fallen in love with Francis, but Florian finds herself to return to her affections, although she is not the only admirer of her, because she is not the admirer of Floriane The marches are male, because Marie has a condemnation of her attractive friend. The film depicts the way in which his friendship develops; In the beginning, it seems that Floriane Marie only uses her as a pretext when she comes up with the boys; His parents suppress their objection to his boys, but they do not hesitate to go with his friends. Later on, however, we realize that, despite the fact that it is the image of Floriane, it is always the main concern of men, who regains Marie's feelings. The film retrieves some of the usual stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, her short hair and a fairly compact figure, looks like ordinary, but it's only one of the three main characters of heterosexuals. Marie and Floriane are glamorous female lesbian or at least bisexual. . <br /> <br /> Minor movies are common, but most of them avoid the controversial subject of teenage lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with issues related to Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel, and Louise Blachere, among the three best actors. Relationships between characters, especially Marie and Floriane, are complex and there are many interpretations. (For example, Floriane, for example, plays Marie with sex, or does she really feel it for her? Did Floriane, Francois, and others embarrassed with other boys, is it a device to hide their lesbian feelings from the outside world? ?) It was the first film by young director Celine Sciamma (only 27); On this basis, it must be a promising future of great future. 7/10
