This is a romp; Many of the Trek fans do not value this as the classic, classic episodes of all ages, because we have deep meanings or silences that are really great, but this is what works so well, it's so clean as entertainment, it always makes my first twelve dozen episodes a personal list, whatever regardless of humor. Famous future movies ("Westworld") and television shows ("Fantasy Island" more bland) have come. The premise of this section (when TNG shows the concept of holodeck technology). Beautifully shot (especially in a restored version and a DVD that is clear) and directed, the company is like a beautiful park of a newly arrived planet. It is curious that there are no animals that seem like this, no insects (for example, pollinated flowers), but it is strange things when landlady members begin to see their past people (it becomes a heavyweight past to Kirk), as well as some other fantastic stories images too Sulu finds an old police revolver (definitely adding a collection of swords). <br /> <br /> Trek in the series (half of the first half), the main characters had much more. We consolidated our old friends for many years. Here, we really see how to relax, interview and work together to discover this puzzle: the strong narration is a mystery again, the kind, and the audience walks along Kirk & friends, trying to unravel a strange figure. A series of events with fun and amusing tastes. It is almost odd, following the style of a star-shaped look, that Kirk eventually was maneuvered by showing signs of stress and exhaustion after signs (as Enterprise had suggested it completed a wonderful mission). Then, a knight McCoy has killed him; Yes, this is the last episode of McCoy ... it's a joke. However, it is not a joke at the time of the rest of the rest of the landing. McCoy was really dead and, as the best sections of the Trek, the second part of this adventure is brought to a more rigorous manual and constant rhythm. All this has indicated the exact answer given by Kirk to Sulu, which indicates the lack of any understanding of any of the following events in the death of McCoy - this Kirk will come to an end. <br /> <br /> But Kirk does not make it much easier: it's probably the longest fight with Kirk's series of accreditation, and it seems that more than half of the planet is fighting. However, this is a separate tenderness to balance the scenes, with Kirk's latest past acquaintances. This episode is a range of all human experiences, according to what we know the real purpose of this curious planet. It's a good idea that the script explains everything that happened really, in the face of senseless insights that make up fantasy and science-fiction series with similar lines of lines (for example, appearances of people who could not). And the story is really a sub-menu: men in a certain way need our tensions and fatigue to "work" or do not normally work normally. Also, keep in mind that Yeoman Barrows is very nice and looks like a sudden absentee of Yeoman Rand, that is, while he was not returning to the Trek film of the first 79's. After that, even more fans of Trek could not wait for the next appearance of their favorite characters. But I leave this last thought, perhaps with tremendous thought: if McCoy (spock checked) has died, how do we know our real McCoy returned to the sea? Perhaps this is why McCoy explained why he stared for a century-old star and was very well acquainted with the Data.
