This is a movie that exploits nature. Through porn, I do not mean sex. (For example, I mean thousands of birds together, or hundreds of templates, or free images of a giant leap). Several shots of the film seem only to be included in the trailer, so people can not see more than ten seconds in theaters, to see more films before ever disappearing. <Br /> <br /> There is hardly any plot in this movie. The story of three animal families is expected to be better than "Penguins of the March", but has just delivered the film. The blame is based on three main areas: (1) James Earl Jones wrote some of the worst lines to tell the story of nature's cinema (2) a group of music, to tell you what you feel, even if it does not motivate the movie, and finally, but most importantly (3) the story jumped from one place to another, without rhyme or reason, without tracking, without flow, It absorbs the movie - A life-movie. When we got into the middle of the movie, I fell in love with my seat, I hoped I had more hope than the movie and I would have a long lasting resistance to the animal. Screen. Nearly no cinema In the film, the heat and cold (all of them, not seasons) were only ejected from the Earth, bending if the location had the largest If they could not bend their throats, the poles would never warm up. And it would be worse if it were not a relative rotation (relative to Mercury) like Mercury, because half of the planet would freeze peace and the other half. Next, they used the term "humans and animals" at the end, as if humans were not animals, except for the laws of nature. So much about science. <br /> <br /> I have to accept camera work, however, which is why I call natura porn. Super-slow motion has been a mechanically-controlled picture that has been controlled in time, and has been used to offer surprisingly surprising moments (and be careful, only "some"). other nature movies That said, I'm not sure it was all about the screen. Some planes that show the African irrigation hole, like it changed from one season to the next, seemed like CGI. A director might expect this suspicion and prove that everything else is built in other planes, but they did not do that. <br /> <br /> For a movie about the Earth, I expected much more of the Earth. show Everything we saw was pristine. We have taken the word of the storyteller because some species are at risk due to climate change. They did not show that proof. They did not show poisonous ponds visible in Albert's spaces. They do not show us the great trash in the Pacific. They did not show contamination over human pollution at night. These are all other things as the Earth. Why cover the whiteness taste? <br /> <br /> The critique of my latest content is a catastrophe. Whenever a hunt appeared on the screen, when hunting prey, the music became almost the scene of Mt. Doom of the Sun Rings, depicted as a prey to one of Sauro's latest evil nature. However, the prey are not evil. They make a necessary service to survive the best members of the prey species. We are many predators. When each prey catches a prey, we will immediately cut off something else, guessing that death and food will not happen. The last insult was "paternal" bearded when he ventured to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!" You can almost hear it. <br /> <br /> Presentation. My theater may be a part of its blame, but maybe not. I expected to see something more clearly than my HDTV LCD at home. But the image blurred and presented at the same time at 16: 9 that arrived at home, because there were a lot of movies these days. And during an action scene scene, the film (I can not imagine this as it happens digitally, apparently) was damaged, and we lost some colors and eventually we were completely obscured. This is repeated three times. <br /> <br /> If I really plant a tree in my name, it's worth it. But how do I know?
