The spoiler warning is for people who want to see themselves in front of them, but I do not mention them in great detail. <br /> <br /> Approximately "Land". I watched 90-minute movie version "Planet Earth" everything I saw on BBC TV. He told the television version at David Attenborough, a brilliant comment, what he wanted with "Earth", but Patrick Stewart, Star. Trek's captain Picard. Earth periodic shots are in space, so it may be appropriate. In any case, it has a pleasant and pleasant voice. There are 12 chapters in which we will continue the life of terrestrial animals from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal families, bears, elephants and whales appear more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins in the direction of the north-easterly or equatorial direction. We see something of each kind of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, desert and forest, a perfect presentation of the earth's life and landscape, and the climate. Imagine that our planet lives with animals only: people or villages or cities are not in the film, so it is a typical documentary, but surprisingly shot and beautiful music. When I was open I knew that it would soon be extended to me. It is a family movie, so no animal is killed. When his huntsman has caught him, the shooter ends and the capture of the captured person in other cases is slow and the child (6 years old has done it in the Netherlands) is doing less violent and clocks. Blood is not flushed. Some scenes (newly born animals) are very nice and worship children. It seems like a natural film of nature, but how many days it's been filmed (4000) and how much money it cost is a stunning piece of beauty. The Dutch premiere was made yesterday before the actual version, with 500 seats in a movie, 15 of which were taken. Truly beauty is rarely interesting for film care. As I knew the TV series, it was very curious that my favorite scenes would be included in this movie. Some were not, but the most spectacular shots (big waterfalls) happily made it. It was the first time I was crying in the Nature film.
