The 2006 television mini-series I've heard some great things called "Planet Earth". However, what happened to Australia, did I ever encounter that and happened to see 'Earth (2007)'? A long feature of the same nature footage? On the big screen, I chose to jump. The theater was empty; There was just another guardian standing up, and I, alone, on the big screen, but I sat on Earth like the whole planet. For 90 minutes, I went into the beauty and dangers of isolated desert, amongst some of the most beautiful creatures captured in the cinema. It's horrible in its field, yet, in a passionate, intimate way, the filmmakers' land is a feeling of gratitude, who knows the delicate balance of our planet's life and human intrusion puts plenty of animal and plant species. disappearance <br /> <br /> The film directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, of course, argues for wildlife conservation, but does not appeal to the propaganda, and this is a politics puzzle. they have not been ignored; In fact, there is no human sight. Instead, we make a great journey into the elegance of the natural world, the resilience of the Earth's life and the fragility of life. I've heard that some of the original mini series, which have been given eleven episodes, have been much deeper in the world of ecosystems on the background of science, but I think here filmmakers have made a wise decision to substitute information for emotional information: I can not ... I did not feel so inspired At the same time, it was totally mixed with heart. Determining the emotional connection between audiences and certain selected animals, they anthropomorphize them somewhat, and suddenly we value the "human difference" of each species, and the mere hope of survival becomes statistically unacceptable. tragedy 'Land' is made up of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether or not the struggle of a polar-haired woman is being transported to the Arctic ice creams or the elephant's flock. Okavango Delta's life in the face of flood-related floods. The documentary shows a delicate balance between life and death, which reveals the despair of the interaction between predators and predators. Occasionally, to meet young audiences, footage is very short in a decisive moment; regularly, the inevitability of the nature of death, and the raw instinct that encourages these animals to hope for last survival efforts. There is also a terrific beauty of hunting, which catches the lump of a savannah, catches the prey (as it is the result of a single solitary confrontation) or a leap from the mid-air of a white shark. It destroys the sea lion-lion. The selfishness of our species has consistently killed this humble balance. <br /> <br /> In addition to the main stories, we also include small wildlife around the world, such as birds. Papua New Guinea Paradise and Autumn Migration of Demoiselle Cranes. Of course, the whole movie can only be offered to these species, and so much so much footage has been accumulated, as some interesting ecosystems are very bright. Choosing polar bear, elephant and rocket whale? Looking for their lifestyles, using high-resolution high-resolution time-lapse photography, throughout Calandre year-round? The filmmakers were able to prevent structural problems that could arise in the exhibition, and only show up to 90 minutes. That's why "Earth" has left me more thirsty and, fortunately, I have eleven more hours now, as soon as I can see a copy of the "Earth Plan" DVD box. A lively and rugged, suggestive and dull, "Land" documentary is a wonderful experience and can be a favorite movie of 2007.
