The city only accepts a city policy, not a country, a statue or any important political table. He says that the political area of ​​New York is great, especially today, but it still has a smaller scale and the microscope makes some manual craft scandal on the right of the mayor. Harold Becker is well known for the elements that feature Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance thriller, and I think that in many ways thriller genre contains a lot of thriller genres. I mean the Town Hall is a political drama, not a thriller, but when it's said and done, it feels like a thriller when it comes to the movie's meat and potatoes, but it's worth it that it's an important part of the recipe that stands out very quickly ... what else ... or, rather, who ... Al Pacino. The movie mayor and the inner workings of the city give you good looks. As the film continues, it extends its political spectrum to the democratic boss and its connections, and then access some accesses to the city. As events expand, a mystery begins and the political party is in the background, but it is still very well organized. <br /> <br /> I totally hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even though ONCE did not give a good performance how can I ever say? Man is the kingdoms Everything about his behavior is excellent. In the town of Pacino, he plays New York Mayor. It has a duty and a sense of honor and a horrible politician has appeared immediately. It also shows one of the strongest and most effective discourses I have ever seen on 'Funeral James Bone'. I saw that conference four times again, and when I saw that Pacino I first saw it, my mouth was open and I wanted to stand up and applaud. Pacino is very well written and excellent. John Cusack, who enjoys acting as an actor, became the Deputy Mayor of Kevin Calhoun to spend half-heartedly. It's the focus of the film and he and Pacino have good chemistry when they are on the screen, but it's something like that in this way ... it seems to be trying hard. His accent is horrible and, although it is unexpectedly colloquial and scary, it does not seem to come off. Maybe it was a movie off. Bridget Fonda, who is leaving her famous star Marybeth Cogan, is a lawyer who works as a lawyer. His performance is similar to Cusack, it just seems that he does not find the character's slot. Danny Aiello is horrible, but his character explores the democratic leader who relates to the mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau marks Walter Stern as judge. <br /> <br /> The problem with the City Hall is evident in the review of characters and actors. Everyone has ... well. They try to make a lot of background stories, without really showing off, and unfortunately gets confused about the whole conspiracy. And, of course, you are in a small assistant Al Pacino, but it is very surprising and tightens to all the actors in the film. It almost feels that they might be worried about them on the screen. Thus, the City Council could have been a great political / thriller drama, but it was cut off and it was overtaken by an average mill, but it still needs to see Pacino and its political functioning. If you do not see this movie, Pacino's speech is only on the funeral date of James Bone, it seems that the word of electricity does not direct justice, but you can see what Al Pacino is doing so incredibly. a talk and feel to you. If you are a fan of John Cusack, I am ... it works better, but it is the main character and, in general, it gets its justice. A decent film but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
