The film is about a classic theme. In fact, Batman deals with the topic that has been exploited, from the beginning to the end, but in real data and details. New York Mayor, highly esteemed and extremely responsible and dynamic, is quicker to get a project faster than usual, it puts pressure on some private business contractors, a criminal drug dealer to be sent and kept in jail. the jury will pressurize, at the same time, to release the freedom, but the disappeared report is negative but not destroyed, it expresses it for its political value. And what happened and a few people, including a black fellow, will kill a police detective and punishment. The city could explode because of black-and-white schools and social tensions, because of the insecurity that criminals walk around and continue their criminal activities. Unfortunately, the film is not very well illustrated by the tense and the first deputy mayor researcher who wants to know the truth. But some witnesses die on the road, and those who have played a particular role throughout the business must retire (the judge), to finish his career and life (contractor or contractor), a public officer. He was ready to deliver an extorted probate report and was given a shaky character after providing key information. The mayor himself retire and take long vacations; But the main interest of the film is the analysis of the problem of the mayor and the contortions he has made to cover the layers we have remembered in the past, because it has caused a mistake about this probation case. According to political philosophy, anything pure or pure and not everything that is gray is never a comfortable philosophy for decision makers is called an unfair but profitable decision. We do not speak of the compromises needed to reach a consensus on certain public key issues. At least decisive, it is a bad decision to make bad decisions than urban infrastructure or economic projects. This is not usual in New York. This is in any mayor's office. In a large metropolis in New York and, of course, in a city or country that controls the police departments and city councils, and quantity and quality. The deputy mayor promotes the mayor and becomes the president of the United States as the governor of New York. The mayor is perfect for the adaptation offered by Al Pacino and is able to express the interview for ten minutes, because the whole conversation does not end up with an unnecessary conversation. At the end I find a bit more in the campaign of the Mayor's Deputy Mayor in his name. It seems that justice was so religious that it saw the mayor's ability to promote it in its own way. That's why it's not better than everyone else, still a young ambition. Jacques Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and Versailles Saint Quentin in Yvelines
