Wow ... 5 more hours Riget. Lars continues a brilliant combination of hidden, horror dark and opera plays. Whilst the last episode of the previous series has remained (despite being the same intensity and suspense), this franchising facility seems to make this franchise installation more agile. In the last series, it seems that one or a week of each episode passed, in which it is clear, long ... when the passage ends, the next one begins. It's a lot to say about Lars von Trier ... but it is very diverse and quite curious. They show in these two features. The plot continues its excellence, following in the previous four episodes some ordinary characters with minimal players continue to give it. Basically each of the first characters return, at least, the main roles go. Pacing was not as sharp as the first part, and I found it far more important. This does not mean in any way whatsoever ... but I am still seeing myself constantly, and at some points, strongly, often loudly, to react to what was going on (the behavior is very unusual for me, as I am a silent person) as I was. As before, some ethical questions are loaded. Based on the first base, this story will bring more ... and, as a continuation, the scope is even bigger. Grander More spirits, weird events, more sub-planes. The first solid graphic material is also translated, and one point has been given. Characters are developing more. The play is amazing as in the first one. Udo Kier strengthens his enormous talent for anyone who has questioned it. Playing a very difficult character (everyone I saw is what I mean by the first series) * and * did not speak (they later doubled) ... and still so powerful. performance Cinematography continues to be very good and it is still very generous, with faster, more time-consuming mistakes. Editing is rigorous, with some direct sound restrictions (though the first ones are more noticeable). Now, with all that said, I would really like this to be 10 ... or at least to be valued as the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching it and I will not regret it anymore. But that has shortcomings ... first parts and more. First of all, humor takes up a lot of space ... and this time, it is even worse. There are some common characters, because there are no other reasons for comic relief ... three of them, no less. The scenes are set and run, other than for the audience to laugh. Beautiful for a comedy, but what is doing so dark and unpleasant, sometimes sadistic, a horror piece? Helmer's secret solitude hidden secret has changed from the roof of the hospital ... Dear Sweden ... he could see it from the bathroom. With an angle in the bowl. No, you have read it right. In general, it seems that the sense of humor is lower ... more sex and body fun jokes, again, "Why?". While most of the notions are very good, some of them are really terrifying. Several scenes are basically copied from the first small series (as it was in the style of what happened). Sometimes it seems more compassionate than the first drama, and sometimes it jumps too much. Luckily, rarely, but still significantly, line items and elements are easily explained (as a certain Danish person is not an apparent reason), for example ... who knows who knows who knows it. While two more dishwashers are mysterious and deeper, they make excessive excess ... I think it's over-covered. Most of them with them are still enjoyable. In addition, I want to reassure any reader, despite the negative things that we have just written, that's still very good ... surely pleasant, compelling, powerful ... and in my low opinion, I should see anyone who likes First (though and enter that group, do not expect to hear that story before it's been seen before.) I recommend for anyone who loves Lars von Trier and the first Rigeta and anyone else who wants them more. Anyone who is in charge of watching this is asking for anyone who has just been able to see it beforehand ... First I bought this I bought it, but I did see it until I first bought it and until I saw it. And I can not tell you how happy I am. Although you have a brief summary of the first events, you have a great deal of detail and aspect, if you did not see it before seeing it. Slight down a bit, but definitely still see if you want to see it first. 8/10
