Sweat, sweat, is a bit crunchy and disturbed. He is in front of us and calls himself pervert. What are we claiming? movie viewers ?? The screen is perceived as a toilet bowl and secretly goes on to explode internally. It is impossible and terrifying. Okay ??? Now, we can now guess: it is one of the main philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavoj i'ek is a great novelist and Sophie Fiennes. Pervert's movie guide. Fiennes shows a long talk given by "i ?? ek, and it does it in two ways: providing video game clips and" i ?? ek from the film that speaks of real (or rebuilt) locations. It's always nice to watch early movies shot with good films (though Sith Revenge of here here), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide? i ?? it's the same. Watching film is what fun it can not help the unanswered question, but ask again: what's more, ??? i ?? Viewpoints or? i ?? have the screen presence? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek !, 05), the Slovenian philosopher acknowledged the fear of being silent. As he admits, he feels that he does not feel the first thing, what everyone else thinks he's doing is constantly and strongly speaking. And he talked, and how. Also, Pervert's Guide? Is her voice prevalent? Get in the way of perfect English in a crazy way and make some stunning points about cinema. <br /> <br /> What are these? Well, for example, Chaplin puts the picture on the road as the fear of the voice as a sign of the universe (a sort of strange force that emerges over human beings, let's imagine the Ventriloid Dead Night Night segment [45]). The evil nature of the cinema has meant that it wants to teach some objects. Groucho Marx identifies himself as super ego, as Chico ego and as Harpo id. Another interesting thing says one million and we can not always remove their eyes, so credible (and attractive) their appearance. At some point, I could not help anything with his thick, dreadful hair and wondered what sort of brain he had underneath. Desires, of course, to get more insights. <br /> <br /> It's worth noting that i'ek in Lynch and Hitchcock (which is surprising that he wrote about both). The accumulated influence of many great videos published by their works? i ?? Those parts of the conference are memorable and ?? unlike others? It is difficult to argue, as it seems to have been good at both of these directors. This does not mean that Tarkovsky's reading, for example, imposes a completely materialistic view of reality, to exclude those of Tarkovsky's most prominent in all (ie, religious intuition and images). <br /> <br /> It's not a question ?? i ?? Whether it is inspiring and excellent or not; or whether Fiennes deserves to see the movies. It's really a question: i ?? Is it a consistent approach? After another, intelligent observation takes on an immense intellectual journey, but after all things, there are doubts. For example: considering Vertigo (58) ?? i ?? It is a perfect gap hidden behind the face of the human being, whose facade only faces a facade: a scam by means of it. However, in the final sequence, when we hear the utterly bitter ending of the City Lights (31), we say that it is a portrayal of a man totally exposed to another, it is difficult to ask: what happened to all the façade? ? Why do we have to give Chaplin the real face of the real thing, and Kim Novak, the same privilege with two thick strokes? Or maybe this inconsistency can also be read in Lacan's terms? (The "psychoanalyst of France" is a "readable" "readable" feature. The film has two magnificent and magnificent views of the land: it has a lot of land and many perspectives. Employees, even though they make some first-class delicacies (? ? i'ek travels ships when it comes to Birds [63] and tries to try: "I want ** Mitch!"). However, it has a defective error of about two and a half hours: it is almost obsessively digressive. The fabric that reaches the real is just as good as any other psychoanalytical row, but after 80 minutes, it becomes very clear that i ?? ek is one of the most evil pleasures in moving forward, constantly changing the subject. The general effect is: giant waves It should be caught by a cold and radiant: at the same time, taking a surprise, refreshing, hilarious and endless blending. As you have finished, it is not your idea to see again some movies at Do you have it? But you also share the sense of disaster surviving. <br /> <br /> The last question is: ?? i ?? Lost it? Or did not we approach the real thing? When Zinefilia is punished for imprisonment, we will all come together in a large cell and, finally, we will talk together (we do not have any films to turn our face on). I dare to all: who will dare enough? i? To approach him and defy him? In my opinion, if you look at the real life in your eyes, you become believers.
