Her Deadly Rival (1995): Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye and Stan starred . Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford. James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (title of the famous LA Law, Titan conflict and other films) seems to have been filmed in 1995 by James Hayman's "Lifetime" film. They will work with his wife and Lisa Rinna. about sexual dependence "Her Deadly Rival" is, at first glance, a better Hollywood ATM machine similar to "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", fortunately married couple Jim and Kris Lanford get into a new home, usually slept in neighborhoods. They have a perfect wedding look, they are in love with ordinary life. Then a mysterious admirer looks at Jim. His personality has never been revealed, as Jim and even the investigators try to know who he is. Jim is constantly on the phone and with the letters. His marriage almost blurs his wife when love begins to think and cover. Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. Anderson, William Blair, seem to be directly from the TV series. But this is a great drama and good moments. There is an endless tour. Spoiler Alert. I must say that his "deadly opponent" was alone. Based on a presumed real case, Jim's wife suffered a lot of personality imbalance and that's what happened to her. Although the story is not very horrible, it's just a step in the theater theater scene, this film has its own moments. Especially when Jimen's wife and Jim are in the intense scene that belies they can not believe the truth. The movie may be long and boring in some parts, but it's usually good for a television movie, especially Lifetime, which is still producing films of this type, "domestic thriller", or seductive stories. Trashy but everyone likes trash.
