The movie begins in a classroom, unexpectedly, the main Orked actor was seen in the Chinese language classes. Later in the film, he was asked why (Mukhsin) was sent to learn Mandarin. His response was a simple one for a child; Coz already knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> You can think of a little love, but when you stop reading too many critics, you will notice it. Typical Malaysian elements Basically focuses on 10-year-old Orked, because he knew Mukhsin's 12-year-old, many of whom would think he was a game for boys. While the player was running out, Mukhsin (newly arrived in that country) had to allow Orked in that game. He showed it to the men. Orked is not a regular girl, who shows more men's behavior as you will see in the movie, protecting Mukhsin against the violence against his renowned schools. He encourages Mukhsin's brother, and then Mukhsin detected, and so on. They were both wonderful and close to that, but the smallest misunderstanding, with the majority of us who would respond in the same way, they both distributed to the day of Mukhsin. <br /> <br /> The movie describes the first love between Orked and Mukhsin. They started as friends, but they slowly evolve in close relationship and then BGR. You would find out the changes made by Yasmin during the film's love for the lead actor and actor. The character was different, depicted with enthusiasm and mood. The scenes were all random, but they represented so much reality, they were stuck for a long time on the screen. The movie would like what you love, and because you do not want to be a local national as a patriotic, it means much more. <br /> <br /> Even as the movie surrounds two lovable birds. Orked focuses his parents on the lens, his mother in England speaks English, where her husband and domestic effort make a great effort to speak English in his humor. all the way Let me explain why humor can be so important in this film. And this explanation or explanation that you portray can be given in a single word, which is RANDOMNESS. More often than not, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do it, we do it at the expense of others. Jack Neo is just like what would have been mentioned by Just Follow Law. Sometimes we are not the person we see ourselves with, but only when we are alone in the body of another person we would only be able to see who we really are. And that's where it also serves humor, rather than dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was full of courage to meet the typical events of our routine life. If you want to laugh. <br /> <br /> The main axis of this movie was the husband of Orkeden, whose husband did not love his wife and wanted to find another one. After Pak Koboi, he saw that his motorcycle was softening him every day and he would have found the beloved girl. The producer did not show why her husband wanted to find another wife. His wife was a real hurricane or KPC, as we have called Chinese, to stop the business of others and talk to her about the way Orked used only adults. After all, what happens is that, and this is probably why bad things happen. Every time people are friendly to you, it will not hurt unless there is an ego protected, but again, what is it worth it? In the movie, Mukhsin brother, Hussein, came out every day until very late, to find smoking, drinking and 'girls'. It's the opposite of Mukhsin, but maybe it's because of family problems. The two brothers had their aunt and their parents were far from them. I will not show more information on the line, you would be interested to find out that it would interest you, but the smallest element that the producers wanted to send a message to is the life of us. all. He wants us, at least, when our own vision of life is not ours from our own point of view. Somehow, the movies take us out of our body, they place us at the location of the character, and then we use our own desire to see its events. Depending on the type and genre of the movie, it will be a fascination for how a good movie like this will reflect.
