If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and about all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you, you have chosen the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a war perspective. Mallorca, a small island on the Spanish coast. When such a war takes place at the same time as the treacherous small island, there is no open war. The soldiers are sent in front to fight in the peninsula, while another war goes home, on the small island. There, neighbors say, sometimes, their political opinions are against the new regime, but many people are said to be about old families, or someone who says no good friends, says "earning a few points." And these things are not open. Tests were true, but sometimes people would just wake up in the middle of the night to get out of the nearest cemetery that will die from home. The next day, they would find bodies and people would have an idea of ​​what happened to them, but nobody dares to speak or dare. We have not talked about the soldiers who are dying who never saw in their lives. Those who die of neighbors, and surely, are talking about people who worship the widow the next day, and they also go to the funeral of the man who died. We are talking about villages with two thousand inhabitants, as they all know. <br /> <br /> I've been from that little island and I've heard stories from my grandparents, and I have to say that. the movie mixes me well; but I found it very beautiful and moving. Initial violence is not a part of the director or writer, things that happened during the war. Did you know that a father's father's group is in the fascist? Absolutely possible Everything happened later? Also possible. TB was also true. At that time my island was not a holiday spot. They worked poor, illiterate people and small farms. After the war there were harsh hardships. <br /> <br /> So you will not find a war story in this movie, or at least a warlike story. There is no battlefield, no soldier, no political disturbance. This is a type of war, when space is limited (to verify the size of the island) when the neighbors fight with neighbors, the members of the same family fight each other and live in a place where everyone lives. everyone knows People of this type of war will find a story about stories that can cause harm, or even a story of survival, or perhaps not the story. <br /> <br /> I have to mention the work that made the novel and all the actors who adapted the writers, they really achieved the sound of Mallorcas. That was remarkable.
