(Including SPOILERS) This film probably is the best production of Amicus, which I have seen so far (although it's still hard to see). Dripped Blood has four awesome storytelling tunes from a house in the Bay of Biscay. In such productions, it is common for Peter Duffel's story to discern wisdom that waste of energy is wasted. A last Scottish inspector will enter the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and learn about the strange events that happened earlier. The four stories in this film have a high quality level and they work together. The big expectations of the Festival are accepted, written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, he wrote that novel, "Psycho" was created on a horrific landmark horror. Peter Duffel is also making our debut and very professional debut. <br /> <br /> Four stories ?? If you want chapters? Dripped Blood at home had a multifaceted diversity, but (almost) the same and incredible. He manages the number of a horror author who will enter home, to be a source of inspiration for his new book. It starts really well, but after a while, the criminals of his imagination have been investigated and scared. The idea of ​​this story is not exactly original, but it is very suspensible and surprisingly surprising. The second story (Hammer) is made as a horror legend Peter Cushing retired. The image of love still lost in love and lost, still infected, meets a waxing state. Cushing is always a joyful sight and ?? Although wax is not the subject of the museum? This story is very fresh and innovative. This chapter also includes some amazing moments and there is a constant tense atmosphere. It's definitely an excellent transition, due to the BEST story: Number 3. He is another legendary actress, because Christopher Lee is the perfect portrait of a horrified father. His daughter is very sharp and sharp in regards to her daughter and keeps her from the outside. Undoubtedly, the girl shows the strange fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. A unique event besides Lee and the excellent performance of Chloe Franks's excellent children, this story also has a Gothic one! The demons under this story, along with the dreadful sound effects of thunder, encourage this story for true horror lovers. The fourth and final story, where a vampire wears a horror actor who wanders, is somewhat weaker in terms of voltage and credibility, but compensates for more or less subtle emotional overload. In this story, there is a small place for parody, which is referred to in the Dracula series, Christopher Lee. This last episode is the most memorable element Ingrid Pitt is the beautiful presence! The queen queen of "The Vampire Lovers" is undoubtedly one of the most outstanding features of the film. <br /> <br /> Certainly, dripped blood will love much more fondness for classic horror fans. I truly believe that with a bit of a kind of changing mood, this is a great movie that is really terrifying and gives you a great impression. It was like a horror, intelligent and compelling. Highly recommended Another little note, however: maybe this movie should NOT repeat NOT in any way be confused with the "Blood Droplets" log. This last 80's line of land is very irritable and shameless and has not detected film in this film except the title he stole.
