I will admit that this trend was because of the introduction of the series. I watched this movie in 2005 in 2005, AMC "Frightening Friday" the same night, often collecting such gems like this for generations of cold storage. I decided to watch Amicus anthology series, before checking out one of them, to make sure they had views. Looking back, I still value the silent blood house, Tales from the Crypt and then following the asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the items that make this series charming --- vintage. In the 60s and 70s, cinematic style, kooky, fabulous stories and a wonderful style for North American music ... they all got closer together than everyone else. The films are about an old English farmhouse and there are misfortunes of all those who live there. <br /> <br /> The first story comes with a horror writer and his wife to go to this isolated place. the city could concentrate its passion. He creates a deadly character called Dominic and soon begins to experience a fictional reality. Here's the pain of here, when I find myself, funny and terrifying. Oh, these horrible teeth (then again British actors, maybe REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely single old man (Peter Cushing). His loneliness escaped, but it worsens because love is lost. It seems that a local (horrific) museum has found salvation possible, but it turns out that it would only be much better ... <br /> <br /> The third story is great by Christopher Lee (my British guest horror actor) father As single, her daughter is quite disturbed and very penetrating. He is constantly focusing on things that he should not be careful about as witchcraft ... He has a natural ability, with good reason. Read here is excellent as a great ice maker, a man who really has the warmth of talent and the unhealthy characters. But despite his best efforts, the little cheerleader learns the forbidden knowledge and continues the bad things ... <br /> <br /> The story is the story of ancient antiquated filmmakers who feel like a young director. She is working, it is not qualified to get a good vampire film, the quality of clothing and especially her outfit. So, in the middle of a strange night, she goes to a store of an old curious, something more "real". I do not know if he has actually been a true vampire! It has substantial effects on the midnight blow. When I came to this fourth and final story, it was 3:00 AM and I could not get awake during the first attempt (not ashamed). I felt a hundred times as much as I had with a strange connection and experience with movies or music, and that becomes part of my dream / cinema / music! Very funny !! This strange story was perfect for this purpose, and the first time seemed much more terrible, when I woke up, when the power of the mantle was leaked and it was not at first understood. Shortly afterwards, Ingrid Pitt came to visit a film in the movie and warned that he did not wear the mantle at midnight - but he did not need to have it, because he was the true vampire. When he climbed the ladder he flew to the hysterical whirlwind he used to fly! And again, it seemed to me to be a confusing situation in my half-asleep! Side note: Make sure that Lee and Pitt catch up on the stunning Amicus star in all the classic films Britt Ekland, The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> Here, among the comments between the stories, the weakest link, taking into account stories, is a classic! Obviously, I would like the third story to be the best, but I like it because the fourth makes me smile so much. It is highly recommended if you are a fan of horror and a fan of horror, it's compulsory! I would like to see the series in chronological order, if you can. The latest film in this series, Monster Club (1980), is undoubtedly the weakest. The first 3-4 films except Torture Garden (1967), it is the best, but you should watch one of them at least once. Your favorites can be seen several times back.
