Linking the story: for the first time, another look at me and, again, this is one of Amicus's most famous anthologies - and it's easy to see why it's seen, although I realize some of the misleading headlines are foolproof; No doubt, I chose the choice of Peter Duffell's director - DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (that is, the classic piece of Schubert in the episode of Peter Boise) much more. Although the connection device itself is not very good, the episodes are equally credible and enjoyable. The production value is highly respectable because it had a budget for Duffell. The latter, with this type of film, is not so typical as a film type, and, in any case, it reminds us that it wants to divert it with the genre (although it is not written instead). he thought it was below him). <br /> <br /> Now, about individual stories: "Killing method": the opening segment does not surprise, but to do this, it's quietly suspensful and creepy sometimes (Tom Adams's fictional villain Boris Karloff's brother lost look of the old OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]; It also ends with a wonderful tour of DIABOLIQUE, and Denholm Elliott plays a leading role. That's all we really need. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": a curious strange feeling for the second story is that this type of film is a very unusual humor; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are superb (and also great costumes), who have two excellent lovers of a woman who continue to obsess after so long, and can only move blind friendly and inexorably against them. Death is worse than death; The scene with a crazy hallucination with Peter Cushing is quite well done, given the limited resources available, and reminds Ackland's incompatible disability to be trapped by the aristocrats of THE ANGEL EXTERIOR (1962) Bunuel. > <br /> "Sweet To The Sweet": this is perhaps the best part of all, here with its ambiguous role, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate its versatility and continues to mislead Nyree Dawn Porter and deceiving Chloe innocence. Frank (Lee's daughter appears as a daughter). The treatment of the hidden part of this film is subtle and mature, ending with a "curtain" that is strong and very cold. Curiosities Note: Chloe Franks appears in the pregnancy during a great drive, and when I saw her face I knew her immediately, but I could not put a finger on her. Later, when he was reading his filmography, it appeared to me that he was leading the London movie West End's "The Mousetrap" by Agatha Christie, while my brothers and I had enough misfortunes. We were on holiday in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, then, we did not know that once he had created a so delicate and delicious portrait by his own evil, especially his particular appearance and smile of sorcery! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": a vampire story that is terribly but peculiar but intelligent (although it still deviates many sub-genres from myths, while others invent), it exploits some wonderful exploits. cinema and, sometime, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is a horrible horror star that gets more than his efforts to achieve a measure of authenticity. Ingrid Pitt sends her image well, although her role is a subsidiary of the procedure; Geoffrey Bayldon (seemingly composed Ernest Thesiger) is curious; The final "film cycle" style was a pretty daring audience, and I suppose - while the humor comes out, "The Valey Vampire Kills" (1967) or THEATER OF THE. BLOOD (1973) is one of the most infectious and definitely ending the movie with a great (and very unusual) note! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality is quite adequate considering that I did not have any other version I do not want to compare; The main manager emphasizes print damage, but it is never so stingy for the delight of the movie. As far as accessories are concerned, with Audio Commentary, I actually hear that I'm one of the best innovations in a genre movie I remember. Jonathan Rigby gets his opinion on more than one moderator, but the effort, no doubt, Peter Duffell directs all aspects of production (with the expectation that a lot more films will be expected!). ), which is why it is a very pleasant track, which is very pleasing. "A-Rated Horror Film" features a great deal of effort with Peter Duffell again in the middle stage, but this time Max J. Rosenberg's contributions are valid and very short, with Chloe Franks, with Ingrid Pitt. and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get film releases, reviews, bios and posters / photo galleries. They are re-assembled (contemporary innovations have a great novelty and welcome).
