The great Scotland Yard researcher (John Bennett) about the immensity of a four-story mansion told the investigator where he is the last occupant of the blood-emitting bomber. Only you are fighting to find the words that go to describe the true glory of the house that runs away. This 70-year-old horror anthology is remarkable, a film with innocent vision that can create fears, as it can best detect among audiences. As credible, the number of screen-based visual representations can be counted on one side, but the film still depicts wildlife and suggests horrendous horrors in the audience's imagination, making it clear enough to reveal the route. graphic violence At the beginning of the 1950s, they are extremely unfamiliar with the horror-starring film, from star-studded mistakes (the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) leading to excellent director and storytelling. Peter Duffell and Robert Bloch, the master of the macabre writer (Psycho's novel). The only complaints that could have been with The That That Dripped Blood are at the end of the first two segments and the plots that can be seen at the final end of the image, but they are not removed at all. Enjoyment of the general view. <br /> <br /> The first segment, called the "Method for Murderers," tells the story of the writer Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a great author who rent a huge house that is currently working on the latest novel. . Working on the novel, Hillyer continues to see the murderer of his story at home and around, and soon begins to question the inequality between fiction and reality. The operation of Elliot's part in this piece is incredibly extraordinary and gives him an air of credible character. The key to this segment is, like others, the mystery of events that occur. Watching the murderous viewer of Dominicans is questioning whether hallucination, schizophrenia disorder or the character is there. Duffell's direction is a disturbing success, creating a moody atmosphere that is required to create a tension and a suspicion to make it so attractive. <br /> <br /> This segment is Peter Cushing's malicious occupant. House. A trip through the city will find an illuminating museum and decided to enter into the adventure. There, he finds a wax pattern of a well-known beautiful woman. Cushing's personality (Philip) joins his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), and also wants to visit the museum, much of Felipe's demise. In this segment, the viewer's photo woman is very thinly mysterious to the viewer, but in general the viewer is in the dark. The tension for this specific story is still much less; The segment still retains its mysterious air with a particularly sharp dream sequence and overall ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is again extraordinary and, probably, it is one of the four most flawed stories, but it does not deny that Waxworks's creative direction and credibility are a great introduction to the movie. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' is, in my opinion, the greatest of the four segments? Sweet candy Christopher Lee has John Reid's character. He is the father of a young girl who describes the fear of the first fire. Who cares for Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to keep the dark secret of his family. Sweet to the Sweet 'four stories are the easiest and most lucrative ones, which is why security is the perfect viewer. In the whole segment, small and subtle traces of the truth behind the family are released, but it is not until the last scene is so great that it is well placed. This is Duffell's best way of using dramatic tension and suspicion, which made the film a great place to create a vibrant atmosphere. With sweetly-organized soundtrack, Sweet to the Sweet is a permanent fear exercise that catches the viewer in the throat and does not let go of it until the end of this piece of cries. Personally, I think this short segment would make a fun and stimulating feature film and I would report that this segment would be incorrect. <br /> <br /> The film would end the story of the final interpreter. The researcher was originally interested. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt have two performers performing a horror movie. Pertwee's character is tired of the amateurs and props of the film, so he has bought his vampire from a strange mystery store. However, rare things start wearing dressed up, and soon fear begins. This segment, located between the inspectors, is a wonderful way of completing a wonderful anthology. Even though the band is a perfect camping circuit, it's a bit like the story. Unfortunately, there is no segment in this segment that could be very scary and the planned end could be better executed, but the segment has its recovery features. Horror fans would certainly have to look at a short commentary on the portrait of Pertwee Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee's Drakula. This little and comical view of the final segment is basically a good and almost natural way to end this image, even if it shrinks the movie, if it compares to suspense-driven horror with previous examples. <br /> <br> </ p> <p> In short, Blood That Dripped Blood is one of the greatest resemblances, a great theater, excellent stories and a unique direction. There are worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while the blood and guts are totally desperate, fans of horror should enjoy a great movie. My opinion on blood pressure? 8/10.
