In general, all horror movies were well known in the 70s. I am not very fond of myself, but this is an excellent part of British horror film. Blood That Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus that has four stories that surround a huge old country house and a real estate agent is called an officer Scotland Yard. <br /> <br /> This film has three titles. famous horror movie stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, horror fans have been one of Lee's contemporaries for the greatest horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> In the first episode of the movie, under the title "Method for Murder", the story of a horror writer is told. A stranger named "Dominic" experiences his imagination. This story feels very good; Through the girlfriend, she and the viewers think that seeing her is an image of her imagination. This story is definitely not very original, but due to its lack of originality through the atmosphere it generates, it is the last tour; It works very well and it was a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, called "Waxworks", is the star of Peter Cushing and is a favorite of four. The story is by Phillip Grayson (Cushing) a man who knows the wax museum and decides adventure. She meets a woman who knows herself and later she is a murderer. Phillip's relationship with this woman has never really been explained, but the story is based on more mysteries to build a deeper detail than the suspense. Cushing later joined his friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) with his friend and then begins to pick up the story. The introduction of a museum full of killer films is not a new idea; The same setting had a great impact on the horror movie of 1966, "Horroren Ganbera". Even though it is not so great as that described here, the capacity of the implantation is no less profitable to use, and it achieves much feeling of claustrophobia; Museum Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch and watch his idiot to avoid a stupid guy looking at a horror fan. Although this story is still a favorite, it's still fun and interesting to avoid this anthology. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Sweet for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly one of the best omnibus. This story is the star of the legendary Christopher Lee as apparently an overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way we behave. Guess the viewer; We know something is wrong with your father or daughter, but we do not know who it is or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, his character shows great folly; The viewer is left to give her daughter a doll and give him permission to go to school or to give him a toy. Exactly why the card is usually kept close to the breast near the end, actually in line with the horrible line, Lee tells her childhood that she is afraid of her daughter. The end of this section is an excellent end, it seems to me that it is one of the best endings in horror stories, and it will continue with you after finishing the final credits. <br /> <br /> The omnibus has ended "The Cloak", which is undoubtedly the fourth comedy. This story is not related to the technical aspects of his latest filmmaker, it is about a star of a hammock horror, he buys himself and buys himself. Of course, this outfit is a real vampire apron. Unlike other three stories, this seems to most laugh. This is not a bad thing, however, since most of the humor is fun and it's a pretty good contrast with the rest of the movie. The end of this story is very good, the story of the film, very good and still more humorous, ending with a very good movie. Also, look at Christopher Dracula's little story. Nice touch, supposedly. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want a horror omnibus, you can not really go wrong with Blood Dripped. It only makes a third story that deserves a movie of your time, and, indeed, a horror film is very good.
