Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's adaptation of "Saint John" (Graham Greene's screenplay) was one of the worst critical day-to-day responses. Pseudoelites, purists and viewers did not respond to feeling in response to the piety and glamorous film of a historical story. Like 'Peeping Tom', the reaction was evil and justified. Preminger's adaptation to Shaw's adaptation to Joan Ark's repertoire and acts (his real name is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is a completely faithful and original spirit of the original theater, not only literally but emotionally but formally. His film is an analysis of the functioning of institutions in Britain, the distribution of different facets that they want to take advantage of, and internally. That's why we have no characters, including Joan, to be able to identify himself emotionally. <br /> <br /> Jean Seberg's play (which offers his subsequent life a unique role here), he presents himself as innocent, a figure of purity, whose action and total presence shows corruption and void for everyone. That's why Seberg plays Saint and Madwoman. When this film was made an inexperienced actress (she appears in Jeanne), the illiterate Jeanne la Pucelle, Jeanne, is a humorous way to protect her country. his natural intelligence. He is not worth the hard criticism he has ever received in the first edition of the film, making any call or call without any actor. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view of John with regard to the medieval feminist, whether or not he was married to his daughter, or a soldier from a battlefield. His faith, his voice, mixes words like "imagination" and "wise", leads him to fight his fellow military armor to escape the French French invaders. > <br /> However, the film Daffhin (Richard Widmark) on the court, Joan's club office, is led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, who looks after him) and is interested in the actions. Count of Warwick (John Gielgud) at the head of John. An excellent set (all male) cartoonist, who writes in Machievellian (although it is the story before Niccolus), to use and manipulate opportunists who use religion as a child toy. Stressful sardonic dialogue lets the actors cast fun. John Gielgud, Earl, in his opinion (despite corruption) John allows Gielgud to calculate the right reductions, burning John in the brick, and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon brings a smart three-faced portrait of three-dimensional portraits. He guesses John makes him feel guilty. Richard Widmark, as Dauphin, is a real revelation. Opposite to any type of questionnaire, Widmark portrays the weak French future in a cartoon and cartoon when this film is very close. A comic theater that Jerry Lewis imitates much more than a fictional future in France. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot in 'black and white Saint Joan'. He is a photographer together with Georges Perinal. Rene Clair and the "Colonel Blimp's Life and Death" color. It's a sensible intellectual atmosphere for this movie. Preminger's priority for continuing uninterrupted long-term plans is crucial to the efficiency of the film, there is no sense of wasting in its staging. <br /> <br /> In addition, it has been directed by Preming. Adults (and the most neglected ones) are in conflict with individuals and organizations that work in institutions, depending on how the organization works and the individual's principles. These issues get straightforward treatment in his film and, as always, he maintains unexpected things and does not respond to black and white. This is his best and most effective film.
