EL MAR is a tough, stiff, wonderful and wonderful work of cinema art. The director Agustí Villaronga, along with Blai Bonet Antoni Aloy and the adaptation of Biel Mesquida, has created a film that deepens the effects of war on children and how the adult exposition ruins the ruin. And yet, although I pay attention to the evil tattoo made in the war on children, it is clear that the effects of soldiers and adults are similar to the age. This film turns one of the best anti-war documents without the use of a range of pamphlets: the final result is much more impactful due to the infantry after childhood maturity. <br /> <br /> A small child group shows the Spanish Civil War, the shadows and the people threatened by night invasive killings. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) fear of murdering witnesses and one of them is a murder and suicide revenge. These children of childhood become adults, who carry mental illness and traumas in themselves. <br /> <br /> Then we will find three surviving adults, which are limited to tuberculosis health. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) has survived as a prostitute, protected by her 'John' Morell (Juli Mira) and has kept her life private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a sexually repressed male gay frail and whose cover is a commitment to Catholicism and the blurring of self-cutting / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has become a niece and serves for the healthcare of the sick. They meet in the three healthcare environments, and each one slowly shows their childhood experiences with the war. Tur Ramala prefers love, Ramala hopes to be free for her Morell, and Francisca, her white man, has the habit of covering up with her boyfriend's needs. <br /> <br /> Sanitarium is a thin shot of setting where it is thin. The thread between life and death, lust and love, and fervor and destruction. More details would destroy the impact of the film on an individual viewer, but it is enough that they are known as graphic sex and full nudity (some of the most amazing movies in the movie) and the audience must be ready. all imaginable brutalities. These scenes for the audience are very important and the director Villaronga should be applauded for the story that has survived so much and for courage. As actors, children and adults, they are excellent: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are very good at playing very hard roles. Directors' vision Jaime Peracaula and Javier Navarret are the fans of the music scores. It is highly recommended for a hard film, that is to say, to those who are afraid of dealing with war horrors. In Spanish subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
