"Gespenster" is a cool question in German cinema. <br /> <br /> In the last ten years, there are not many German films that have given me great interest. Yes, the problem of most German films is also in "Gespenster". It eats in a few small places to see it good to see. The special Toni (Sabine Timento) is very cool. But this is always in German films. They all need to learn this coolneß - in these films it's realism. That's hard to understand. But in this case it is sensible, stolen and because he has lies - it is better that you never love this girl because you lose it. That's not exactly another girl Nina in this movie. He loved him and he would lose it. But she lost everything Nina. It will play with a gentle emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way, but you must take it for twenty years, said Herbert Achterbusch. This is often the way in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not part of the laws of society - she's out there and she has no choice. This movie is not trying everywhere in the inside of a piece of it. That's a problem - stupid break conventions - criminal fascination. Throw all and go nowhere! But the actor is very interesting. On the other side - there are parents - the hangman of these two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - with money and world music, with opera music. But the movie is always farther, it seems. There is no explanation for them. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this film you will never forget it. Two girls got a questionnaire. And they say they find each other together. In this scene Toni will be lying. He said a fantastic story - he has nothing to do with it. And then Nina will tell the truth. He said in an introversion way. There is no exhibition He looks down and says what will happen here. That's great moment. The next scene in the next scene with red images is taking place this feeling - Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Ok, the movie will end - coolneß in German - rubbish - here is the sadness circle closing. But there was a moment - where something else is happening ... and this moment was important. It's more than cold in Germany - and at this time it's strange in German cinema this time!
