"Gespenster" (2005), along with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), is the Germantisk Cream of Christian Petzold, the Gespenster-trilogy. time <br /> <br /> Approximately, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman who has kidnapped three-year-old daughters, a mother turned one minute late in Berlin - and never had ever seen her. Since then, when she travels to Berlin, she is able to spend time and search, if she helps with photography for a longer period of time, at about the age of her age. As we hear from the movie later, her mother had already persuaded Marie to find her daughter. However, this time, when Nina knows it, everything is very different. <br /> <br /> The film does not provide solutions, nor partial solutions, and it's very nice. We are not able to provide them if the mother is really mad or not, if her daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointment is the end. After the film's testimonial, the viewer is imposing, because only the author leaves. A simple symbol that has changed anything outside, can be a great influence on playwriting (for example, "Umberto D."), but it moves in the field of "Gespenster". In this movie I am proposing the reasons for Freud's, let me try: why are not people who know each other, especially if a similar person does not know? This question is quite insane, as agreed, from the point of view of aristotistical logic, as the notion of the individual. This person is not sharing any other defining feature with another person. So the answer to my question is aristothetical: they do not know each other, but their similarity is by pure change. Anyone who is insane thinks it. However, what happens is that similar people have similarities that can not be modified, for example. to the left of the cloth ankle or a heart-shaped humor on the right shoulder? This is the metaphysical context of this film, although I am not sure that the director has also realized. Although our aristocratic world is modern, the superstition in the mythology of the people around the world shares similar parts of their individuality, so that individuality is not rational, but diffusional, so that the interpersonal boundaries are open, such as Although we build a strong pillar of irrationalism, though it is a rational reasoning thought - the most interesting source of Gespenster.
