In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta mixes two stories to create an intimate tapestry of love and love. The film describes a family drama relationship between mother and daughter, and describes the story of German women who have organized a protest at Rosenstrasse, freeing them from murdering their relatives. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the view of the film is one of the savings of a German and a young person as a result of the lost mother's experience. Mrs. Von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans is not the same as forgetting German society. Indeed, it shows how in the midst of torture and extermination, wealthy German artists and intellectual artists continued their lives and parties, as regards the suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York The Jewish widow, Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit down on Shiva, a seven-day mourning, after a funeral that reminds all of the Jewish family of the dead and reluctantly. His daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to receive phone calls from his daughter Daed (Fedja van Huet), Hannah asks why her mother had previously refused to continue the Orthodox tradition. Ruthe relinquishes his cousin, and Hannah asks her, and a woman named Lena learned Ruth, when he was deported and killed by the nations, and revealed the secret of his mother's past. . <br /> <br /> He will take his quest to Berlin, where he met Lena (Doris Schade), eighty-one years ago, and interviewed as a journalist who investigates some aspects of the Holocaust. Without a memory, she tells the story of a young woman from 33-year-old Lena (Katja Reimann), her husband, Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who was still a prisoner. Traditionally protected by the protection granted to Jews. Lena, in a brilliant performance in Reimann, has discovered that her husband and other Jews are being arrested in an old Rosenstrasse factory. <br /> <br /> With the freeze of the night, the husbands of the German women meet together. On the outside of the building, their numbers grow daily until they reach a thousand cries "Give us our husbands." Finds Lena Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl in the mother building. He takes care of him, protects him from Gestapo and dies after his mother's death. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family and is a former Wehrmacht officer from Stalingrad, her brother. After refusing to leave his father's help in Fabian, he asked for help from his brother, "I know what the Jews do. I've seen." Helping Joseph Goebbels, a pretty minister of finance for the Ministry of Culture, is taking care of her, abandoning the channels and watching over the beauty and charm of her. While criticizing the fictional parts of the film to protestant women, historical history is that Goebbels was actively taking decisions that affect Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Margarethe von Trotta, a feminist and intellectual entrepreneur, is not a strange political drama. He directed a film about Rosa Luxemburg and a socialist Marianne and Julianne, a story about two sisters' relations, one of which brings together political violence to fulfill the liberal goals. Rosenstrasse worked for eight years, had to make commitments, adding a contemporary fictional item to produce her own movie. It works well, Mrs. von Trotta paid homage to the art and Pamela Katz, the great script of Leipzig's refugee father. The events of Rosenstrasse give the Germans a lie, they say "we could not do anything". Now von Trotta has shown that the opposite is true, that it can be done against the Nazi. Tragic is that the example was not caught.
