I do not think many films (especially the comedy) have added a memorable and remarkable conversation like MOONSTRUCK. I am not illustrated, you can see a very long list of quotes about this thread - but it is amazing that any expensive copper pipes use any copper-resistant copper-supposed copper for sources. It is not the only line that emerges and a reminder makes a reminder. A restaurant server that will regret a wedding proposal will regret what happens to the loss of an old bachelor's degree? Or is it a fancier, sweet and beautiful dog that is pushing his pack on the moon? Or the promise of a young student by Perry (John Mahoney) describes "a moon in a martin" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is an excellent script, a first-class direction and a wonderful example of good. fully molded. There are other examples (THE OX-BOW INCIDENT (drama) is another example, but it is another. Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello have a plot of land that studies and manages the nature of love All of the work in the cross is everything in love? Cher and Cage seem to believe they end up, but Dukakis knows that true love cools the individual (and Cage realizes that La is out of the opera house When they argue, Boheme.) Men are a way to prevent infidelity from thinking about death. Dukakis believes and (even if he does not believe it) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity - Dukakis realizes early behavior of Gardenia It is inadequate because of infidelity and Cher talks to the stumbles in the garden and her girlfriend (but Gardenia also resists Aiellori Cher's similar reliability io). But the opportunity also creates misunderstandings: Fiodor Chaliapin Dukakis stumbles on John Mahoney and thinks he has a relationship. <br /> <br /> There are still lovely moments in the movie. Awareness of Cher's achievements. He listens to the argument in the argument and it is his decision. However, it is best that Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso's Uncle Cher's uncles and Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita with Raymond have a pleasant and agreeable comment on the effect of moonlight. It's the sweetest moment in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The film is correct. After seeing for many years, I've only found two points that are as smooth as they can. While in Cher's Cage bakery, Chrissy's assistant (Nada Despotovich) is in love with Cage, but he was afraid. Earlier there was a little Cher, he immediately put it in his place. However, nothing happens with this potential competition. At the same time, he forgets to save profits from Cher's uncle and aunt's daily business is for a moment to bring it to the end of the film's seven minutes, but it has dropped rapidly. Were some plots falling down, like Cher and Vincent Gardenia, who worked as a penitentiary for a homeless man? It's a little mess, but I think it's a good idea to watch this movie more.
