Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman at the end of the thirties, a widow lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) commits herself to marry a shameless man because of his position as a true lover. Before the wedding, Johnny travels to visit his ill mother and plays Loretta's wave leaf with his brother Ronny, announcing his wedding speeches. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) has not forgotten Johnny because of his cause of the accident, which caused his loss (and then his bride), but Loretta fell and hard. After making Loretta with great love, Johnny tries to dodge Ronny, but gains her dark appearance and powerful masculinity. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Rose Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), is not only suspecting her husband being a woman Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia), but also admires herself to admiration as a university professor and admires why men have detected women. Things are complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta when they can not get married. <br /> <br /> Configuration is a mere sitcom, but with the deep understanding that John Patrick Shanley has written about in Italy and the Americas. In New York, it's true: it's the idiosyncrasy of these people, everyday weaknesses and curiosities, and all the characters have a deep romance at the key moments of the story. Loretta, who is stiffened by the loss of her husband's character and her happiness, slowly reveals herself as a woman caught by a sudden recognition of love, the heroine of La Boheme. He is a man with a wooden hand (a quick revision of the genre), and he lives in the role of Cher, and it is his own, and in his own style he begins to work subtly in a dark and deep beauty. Ronny is pure and Nicholas Cag breathes masculine power as if Marlon Brando was focusing. Castorini and Cappomagg, balancing the middle pair, both love each other in two decisive moments: the last one, on the whole of the moon, when Loretta and Ronny meet their affair - a strange scene depicting love and love. The intimacy between elderly people - and the first moment when breakfast is tossed, Rose reveals that in touching words, Cosmo wants to see Mona (Anita Gillette) as her mistress. <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a romantic comedy and not only a date chosen movie, but also a beautiful analysis of love and passion among ordinary people. The final emotional twist is the family situation, beyond the complications of this moment, the establishment of a tradition of immigrants, and another classic that raises this film. . MOONSTRUCK deserves the best Oscar nomine, actress and actress, and has shown the growth of that time.
