When I saw Heartland it was first released in 1980 and I saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not only the enthusiasts of "indie" filmmakers. Most American films are slightly more than cynical attempts to win CGI, Pyrotechnics and / or vulgar money, as Heartland retains as part of American history. Likewise, most urbanized urbanized Americans remind us of it. <br /> <br /> This movie does not reveal anything. No one declares Hollywood film speeches. Actors live in their roles. This really feels like a "little" movie, but it's really bigger than Hollywood's productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on real people's lives. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has done better than ever), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter, Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denvern, but she wants more opportunities. It puts ads as a home wizard. Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, our most beloved actors) answered the ad. Scottish bee-eater, widow on the outskirts of Burnt Fork (Wyoming). She accepts Elinoro (seven dollars per week!) And goes to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughters got into Stewart's house. It is a rugged, unpolished forest, with landscapes endlessly silenced by the silence created by people and their animals. A person is guaranteed to be small. The three characters go for a long time without seeing the human soul. Worse, Stewart is almost the point of being silent. "I can not talk to the man," Elinore complains about her grandmother Landauerri. "Better before you learn in the winter," replied Mum. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is another character that is seen on several occasions. Several years earlier, she went to Germany with her husband to Wyoming, and she is only responsible for the widow. Her grandmother is the closest neighbor (and her local midwife) and she is still ten miles away! Another character is Jack the hired hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinore's habits (and its employers) are an endless backbreaking job where modern comforts and everything must be done. fix or do it manually. This is the true flesh of the movie: looking at the ordinary life of these cattle-breeders, they fight against nature to eliminate the life of the earth. But despite constant work and exhaustion, Elinore is always looking for another opportunity. The traction next to Stewart is not claimed. Without a doubt, the property claims the claim (twelve dollars or almost two weeks of salary!), That is, if he is living (and must live there) and for ten years he will get the deed. Of course, Stewart learns what he has done. Without logic pity, he emphasized that no money, without livestock, has no credit or no asset to succeed. Then he offers a solution: he proposes marriage. Elinore, surprised, realizes that this is a true and unique alternative. <br /> <br /> Stewart's proposal is only for the Machiavellian who thinks --- he wants land and free work ... but we see that. Indeed, Elinore really loves, and they grow up as a couple. She is pregnant; He works in the middle of a nutshell; Clyde walks on horseback in Amona for ten hours and ten miles to ten miles to announce that his grandmother was not there. This is like real life is nice, people. Elinore is the only child's head, without any help. Their son remains a child when ill and dies. They lose half of their livestock in winter lying. They fight The final sequence of the film is supposed to be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde immediately calls Elinore to deliver the beef. Instead of the first one, beef is present at pedestrian presentation. He and Elinor must physically throw away from the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, trickery, falsery or special effects: what you see is happening, people: a calf was born in a straw bed with wood chandeliers light. With that, the film does not stop so much, leaving the viewer satisfied, but after a while, you value the whole movie, not just its end. <br /> <br /> Gems gives this patience and thoughtful. As can be seen, most of the latest generation films are forgotten.
