Usually I'm a salesman for romantic movies, well-filmed and well-interpreted. XVII. It's a romantic Italian film of the twentieth century, but it's been filmed in French with English subtitles. It's an old-fashioned movie that means that it will be slower than the current movie, so it will suffer something. In fact, if you've forgotten it, it's really good. They are beautiful landscapes, costumes and cinematography, and the main actors and actors are very attractive in their portraits, projecting the intensity of the emotions that are taking place throughout the plot. The story is like a sad love story that is unfortunate. It is easy to believe that it is an accurate portrait of real characters. Although it led me to lead the main characters and the story, I decided to see the validity of the story and found the main theme of the movie story - it was a sad unfinished story of love. MAKE UP. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially forced by Tassi, as the portrayal of the film, progressing rather than passionately introducing her advances. She continued to have sex with women because she had promised to marry him again and again. When he was in court, he did not "torture" the torture of Artemisia (unlike portraiture). In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as a loose and confused woman who was insatiable and insoluble. In the film, her sister in court declared that Tassi had wives and had sexual relations with her brotherhood, and the character of Tassi gradually explained how her sister spoke of her lies. brotherhood (although he admitted that a wife had returned to Florence). Needless to say, this was not the case. In fact, far away. Tassi was really responsible for the murder of his wife, whom he raped. And to add it, Tassi had sexual relations with her brotherhood, immersed in the process, but all of this was not intertwined with each other - she once again abolished her brotherhood. <br /> <br /> So, today's Tassi is a true image because there are several sexually aggressive people. What can we do to make Artemisia a movie as a lover? We take this movie as an effort to enter into a romantic movie ... this film has never been historically correct ... apart from the points that we have already mentioned, similar errors in Artemisi's interpretation of art. In real life, Tassi's painting style did not really have any effect and Tassi was a much better painter than ever. "One thing remains true and Artemisia Gentileschi has become the first female painter, despite history and art mastery with many men, she has always had difficulties in obtaining enough credit for her work in the seventeenth century Italian. < br /> <br /> Enjoy this film on its own, romantic drama is quite good, but it takes its historical references with a salmon ale.
