The rock master of the genre of the genre Sergio Martino is solid. Based on a wonderful script by Ernesto Gestaldi, this mysterious one often develops fascinating mysteries, which in most movies did not see. "Ahh .." when everything falls in one place, the husband must go down around the death of a husband (... an airplane explosion) and the million dollars he receives. There are those who are very interested in this money, especially the deceased lady. His wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and she is Lara, who asks for half the money (Janine Reynaud). Lisa asks herself that she has organized a death insurance policy. Lara, Sharif (Luis Barboo) will use the "lawyer" to make the money. So, the film already creates two possible suspects after the murder of Lisari, a man in Tokyo who is waiting for him. George Hilton imagines it with Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that watches over the legacy he pays to see if the pay schedule is collected according to suspicious paths. Then a man dressed in a room in a Lisa room dies at the clock, it is a possible suspect. He decides to study for a while, with the help of the Stavros Inspector (Luigi Pistilli) and the Interpol Benton (Tom Felleghy) Interpol, to find the killer. The murderer repeatedly stops eliminating any millions of dollars missing from confiscated by Lisa's murderer. Soon afterwards, the film follows a journalist Cléo Dupont (Anita Strindberg, tasty and delicious) and he will meet with Peter to ease a dinner to alleviate his story. Soon, they fall in love, but it seems that anyone nearing Peter is dead. Soon Cléo attacks the intention of killing him, penetrating the investigation into no territory. Why would someone want to damage a real event that does not want journalists to damage a person who dies? <br /> <br /> This Giallo is very light and exciting to continue. The film never falls, which is very prominent, because it is the question of the murderer's identity. This film continues with the gialli's footsteps with a sharp knife, for some of the models that led to the murderer (throat and lower limb). It contains all the complex solutions that result from the movie and it is very satisfying. The film has a unique camera angle, but the merchandise looks like it drives on the plot and deals with the execution of mystery.
