I am really tempted to get 10 points out of 10 points from rewarding the "Scorpion's Tail", but this would be largely better than the crap that I usually see since the 1970s Italian horror film is much better. However, without extra points of nostalgia, STILL is a true masterpiece and a high score, with its stunning story, a strange atmosphere, blood-soaked killings and excellent casting choices. In my low opinion, Sergio Martin is one of the best jewels, and this is something to say, "Rare strange lady Wardh," "dark colors," "body," and "your cancer is locked." I have only one room and one single key, "they are also the top achievements of the genre, but this movie is a bit better because it's compelling in terms of fraudulent insurance fraud. Following a special death in her husband's airplane explosion (!), Lisa Baumer becomes a million dollars immediately The owner is suspicious and prefers to leave the country as quickly as possible. By the strange situation, the insurer Peter Lynch is the best researcher on the case and continues to Greece, where Lisa becomes the target of many attacks and increases the mystery of the case when they are hunting for money when they are looking for a lot of people. I am always very nervous when I summarize the summary of the gialli, since they do not want to eliminate the significant elements of the plot. In the case of "Scorpion's Tail" the incident will happen completely and unexpectedly halfway through the story, and I definitely do not want to ruin it. Then, many red herbs continue, but Sergio Martino always gets a break before you, and even if it does not satisfy 100%, it can be amazing to reduce it. There is also an elegant movie, with a great camera and great music by Bruno Nicolai. Edwige Fenech, in general, does not get his favorite giallo musa out of this curiosity (Martino Gialli has at least three other fluctuations), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a Woman's Skin", "Who Saw Her Die?"). ) is worth more than replacement. George Hilton is both charismatic and hunky as reliable as insurance investigators and ?? duh ?? ladies' Deluxe man If you are a fan of Giallo, do not wait to watch this movie !!!
