Ahista Ahista is a tiny small little boy. I began to look at it, and at first I was bored as I was slow and the main idea that missed a girl encountered a girl lost was not really new. As the film progresses, I began to shoot more and more, a fantastic writing and romantic charm. The movie was very simple and natural, and after a while I was seeing the real documentation of a girl's life. It's a good idea that the film has got this feeling and it's a new tale called Abhay Deol. Ankush is very compelling, pleasing, and struggling to motivate new love and fight for a better life. The whole movie is presented as a plain prankster, but also a helpful and loving person, like someone, who will do something to protect his love. Deol shows different shades of his character, positive or negative, naturally and easily. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. The description of people's rural life is very good, but it will be even more fun to portray relations with Ankushen people, their friends and their love of interest. to do anything Nair liked the way she talked to her friend's mumbling and dense mother, who called him "khala" (aunt). He likes to drive himself and bends him at every moment; However, in his heart he takes a special place and is like a mother image, as in some scenes. Except Abhay, the other pieces played well. Soha Ali Khan did not emphasize for me, it was good and he was very fond of his mother. The actors that played Ankush's friends were very good, just like Ankush's 'khala' actress. <br /> <br /> Apart from the shows, the film's writing was outstanding. Conversations were common, but excellent, and the script was also wonderful. This is especially true, although the story is not so new, it is never too much or melodramatic and it has not been a fuller life. The biggest weakness of the film was Himesh Reshammiya's inspiring film, which is not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a wonderful watch and it was better at every scene. It may not be a new concept, but the movie gets a cool look, and it becomes more and more heart-wrenching as the story progresses. At the end she was sour, sad, but optimistic, optimistic. In conclusion, this movie grows slowly towards you, and this is a very easy-to-read handwriting, exciting moments, charming romances, realistic procedures and, of course, a memorable performance by Abhay Deol.
