This time the melodrama is one of Griffith's first claustrophobic films. The characters trapped in a room are at stake in their work, and as time progresses, it would be impossible to see their unprotected portrait and viewer fear. Under Sealed Room, there is an important difference in the field of normal lines, there is no escaping. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves a claustrophobic effect here in two ways. The first is the use of space. While the usual short biography can be used for a dozen or more, Sealed Room only has two adjacent rooms? It becomes the grave of the king's tomb and the tomb of the same name. The set design of these short films is rarely mentioned, but here it is essential. The interior of the court is great, emphasizing more deeply, showing us a window and a staircase. The actors come from different directions and suggest that the room is open, because they are spacious and free of charge. On the other hand, the pond's rear wall camera is very close, and the angles that propose an hexagonal or octagonal shape in these angles are also closed. <br /> <br /> The second technique that will be shown here is the cross. cutting Anyone interested in working at Griffith may have knowledge about his use and cross-cultural development to create excitement or tension. Many will know, strictly speaking, that it was not his invention. However, Griffith's crosscut is a must-see as opposed to counterfeit images. It has a good example of Sealing Room. The receivers that change the heavy bricks are slow, step by step their rhythm, the voltage construction, as the wall is larger. This movement coincides with the plans of lovers of known acquaintances, Marion Marion violates individual flower petals. While couples realize their problem, their horror is rising, the king cursed his sword against the wall against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this time, Griffith still realizes that the action could be increased. Further, inserting a third branch of the cut cross. The dramatic "pedestrian rescue", absent here, later turned into a unique line of Griffith's photography.
