1909an, D.W. For one year, the Griffith Biograph Company film was being directed and ?? Working at two to three rates per week? He was rapidly developing skills as his filmmaker. 'The Sealed Room' is a very interesting 11-minute summary, the fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama, which falls into the horrific fright. This simple narrative is probably inspired by the story of Edgar Allen Poe's "Amontillado Barricades" in 1846 and is about a king who thinks of a sadic diptic revenge for punishing his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> Set the Middle Ages, starting with the King of The Sealed Room (Arthur V. Johnson), supervising the construction of a windowless room without a secret grape secret, and his wife (Marion Leonard ) will be completely private. to enjoy the business of each other. Of course, he is very much in love with him, who always shows his love, this last act, the greatest achievement of his love. However, the king does not know, his wife falls in love with the king of love (Henry B. Walthall). In a particularly romantic room inside the built-up room, wife and minstrel have been found, and the heartbroken kings understand that their pair of compensation is ignorant. In silence, he ordered his staff to close the stone and mortar with one door, with the fallen madness slowly falling, when each new stone is lowered. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith always had an acute detail and is an excellent example of "The Sealed Room". Medieval media costume makes reality a reality, and the interior of the castle reaches credibility. At that time, the director was a pioneer in the creation of suspense, and I must admit that as the film progresses, I got to know what would happen to young lovers lovers. Initially, in a few minutes, Griffith extends its lengths from the stationary cameras (as usual at that time), but soon? progressive issue in the dark in parallel? Its editing tactics change in a wonderful way. Although this technique was not guessed, Griffith was crucial to the "use of" cut-offs. that is, alternating between events that occur simultaneously. This does not create a constant sensation, but maximizes the level of sincerity, as the viewer, we know besides, not only the tremendous actions of the kings, nor the wife and the child. everyone <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, The Sealed Room has shortcomings. The whole movie is made in two rooms, resulting in three footage footage and sometimes dull and monotonous. The plays are too much for more effects, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his abuses really helped betray the king's madness. One moment seemed to me to be effective, as both lovers tried to leave the room, with the only door that replaced the solid stone. Their incredible revelations, accompanied by the king's maniacal silence, are very good for creating a constant sense of claustrophobia. However, I thought the oxygen supply was rapidly exhausted.
