XX. After the great luck to sell new screenwriting films in the first decade of the 19th century, in 1908, playwright D.W. Griffith achieved his work as a legend: Biograph hired him as a film director. He did not really expect Griffite to enter into film business, but he accepted the work, and in less than a year he became the most successful director of Biography thanks to the original vision of filming and wild inventions. his narration A few years later, he directed "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, he would make the movie and film become one of the first recognized authors; However, there is a lot to be found in many short films that Biograph Company has made during the first years of his career. It is one of the "Sealed Room" 1909, and also in the twentieth century. One of the first horror films of the first decade of the century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" XVI. It's a story set in the century. where the count (Arhtur V. Johnson) has built a window room in his castle. The room is small but pleasant and very pleasant, because the love of the wife, the company (Marion Leonard) is used to enjoy love and company. However, the count does not know that his wife is not completely faithful, because he is in love with the minister (Henry B. Walthall) in the Court, and has a strong relationship with him. As soon as the condo works with her business, the Countess calls on the minister and both lovers will enjoy the new room of the Count. When he returns to the condom, he finds out that he is lacking and discovers his suspicion and, finally, the discovery of two-room lovers; But instead of making a scene, he prefers the shield as he decides that he has a better punishment for believing his wife: seal the window inside the couple's seal. <br /> <br /> Written by regular partner of Griffiths. Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room", features elements called Edgar Allan Poeren "Amontillado Barrels" and, above all, the elements of "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac to create a gothic melodrama for treason and sadism About. For 11 minutes, the story of Woodsen develops in a very good way, and acts well in the horror story. Although he is heartfelt melodrama, Woods is in charge of the character of the County, and his sadism is one of the best horror characters of the time. The story "The Sealed Room" is very simple and basic, but with the manipulation of Woods's plot theme, the story is a very funny movie, that is, most of the Griffith melodramas were very different. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talent to experiment with tension and suspense in a different way of life. While in many episodes he often played with thrillers with enthusiasm, his aim was to create disappointment and fear, with the story of the sources playing with the feeling of claustrophobia. It is interesting that the story begins with its melodrama as it begins, and slowly it becomes faster as the horror themes start to dominate the plot, for the use of the latest editions. Camera tricks are a must-have movie that makes the most of "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent to direct its actors, as legendary filmmakers get their cast out the best. The rule of his era was a lifestyle. <br /> <br /> As usual, Cast Griffith's regular colleagues formed, like Arthur V. Johnson, with Count. Johnson gives great performance and conveys the character's transition from loving husband to sadistic monster. His screenplay is not excessive use, but it really gives realism the excessive personality of the character. As a Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting, transmitting a natural charm that makes her hard nor fascinate with betrayal of her. In the end, the mythical Henry B. Walthall appears as a beautiful Minstrel and although he is not one of his best performers, he gives the theater a great touch of comedy. Although not very important for the plot, it's nice to see other members of Griffith's national company in the background, such as his young wife Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford at the Court. <br /> <br /> It's not exactly a masterpiece, it's a remarkable exercise that edits "The Sealed Room" when it's time to create tension like suspense and Griffith. The movie is very well designed and although it has a small budget, it is very persuasive to keep Griffith's details and the correct style works. Horror focus focuses on one of the films of his films, and Johnson's performance is worth the clock as a sadistic account. Griffith will always remember that "The Birth of a Nation" has been very influential, because the first shorts made before, it's a good idea of ​​a style that would make the development of a technique and a legend. . Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun show and XX. It's one of the terribles of the first decade of the century. 7/10
