40 is something like the summer comedy of the Virgin Mary and Wedding Crashers, but there are two different films in some aspects. Both are romantic comedies, this crazy sensation under the top, boys and boys of the 20s, and the usual crowd to watch the movie. Both stories have a certain formula. But at the end of the 40th Anniversary of the Virgin, I generally think that it was more 'Crashers' than it was. Although the character of Steve Carrell is guessing the story of Andy and Catherine Keene's character, Trish is not the cradle of Crashers, and the characters of leaders and collaborators are realistic and round. In the other case, most people with one dimension or unexplained. And maybe you might even identify (or be excited) how much. <br /> <br /> Some people can go to the Virgin Mary at the age of 40 to meet Steve Carrell as well as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell built the status of his worship at The Daily Show (now one of my favorite shows) and Anchorman and Bruce Almighty has little but extraordinary roles. This is its main character, but it is not treated as a third party vehicle. Judd Apatow, the writer and conductor, looks after Andy's character as the viewer maintains himself in a straightforward way, even though he starts painting at the beginning with his action pictures. Likewise, the line is difficult to access the landlord's hands. Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (as well as sexual dysfunction) can be more or less entertaining. As the title suggests, Andy is similar to a pleasing friend of a 40-year-old Pee-Wee Herman (opening credits to his apartments is ridiculous and a good sign). <br /> <br /> So, his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, a great comic) try to invent different strategies and tips to break the curse on the head of Andy, the cherry blossom and so on doing. Almost a woman gets drunk, she gets almost a girl with a strange boy, and almost as a friend of her boss (Jane Lynch, very funny as mockumentaries) (astonished). But everything that happens soon disappears with Trish and makes a significant relationship with the one who works throughout the street. As a result of a relationship based on sex, you should worry about how to tell "how to fit the line" as a comedy. It does not. Actually, Carrell and cast are based on very high levels. Almost an hour and a half after the film lasted almost two hours, there was not a moment I laughed, big or small. <br /> <br /> They are made up of great hardships, with any kind of land processions, or a small accident story, or two (co-workers have trouble with their relationships, Rudd is more fun). Large laughter comes from Carrell's reactions, and the people around him are protected by their humor or charm or truth. Keener gives good results and the relationship between them is a true spirit (and unlike 'Crashers', there's no sense in it). For me, when a comedian loves someone who can laugh at his face, Carrell gets the highest points here. And like the movie Farrelly brothers, the noisy or shameless scenes are made with absurdity; The "waxing" scene (real, by the way) and Aquarius's music number reaches the bottom of the movie (it's amazingly surprising). But if you do not want to boast, where else come from. It's one of the funniest movies of the year.
