The criticism of the EVENING-based novel by Susen Minot has been a tough criticism based on Minot and Michael Cunningham, so hard it can be that audiences have tried a lot to film the movie. The first criticisms of a summer that is dying in this film is based on the fact that something very little happened about a young man's maturity, the famous actors were given very small roles, the whole production is excessive ... For the spectator, after seeing films in silent house on DVD, a very different reaction it happened <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is dying in his home due to the ocean and his medication. and the memory allows a person to share the name of a man - "Harris"; Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) with women with two daughters. When her daughter is sitting next to her, she rescues the girlfriend of her best friend, Lila (Mamie Gummer) in the summer, Ann (as Claire Danes Ann as a young man) and Lila's alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy). , That Lila just married a man of her class who loved her, Harris loved (Patrick Wilson), his mistress, who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are now woven between religions and love that keep them secret until they are 50 years old. Older Lilac (Meryl Streep) eventually visits Ana and the secrets are revealed: "There is no such thing among mistakes. Life goes on." The film is a bizarre mood and the storyline of Minot and Cunningham's atmosphere and subtle life is a rich lesson. Yes, stories have more gaps that may have more explanations, but to keep the nostalgia for the word of the deceased lady, such holes are understandable. The film joins Redgrave, Richardson (real daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (real daughter Streep), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. short but very solid performances. The setting is gorgeous (Gyula Pados Cinematography) and music scores Jan A.P. Kaczmarek is inimitable. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") directs. Judge yourself on this film .... Grady Harp
