So, in a single movie, the great actress serves as a practical invitation in so many local cinemas. Here are the notes. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great while lying in bed. She also has an antique look and I do not think she can get a good movie with the feature, but a sad thing for the movie season. I think aging has been a bit hard in its last years. Claire Danes continues in her films and has a definite warmth. As Mamie Gummer resembles her mother, Merly Streep, considering the style of appearance and theatrical style, it's so striking that I missed my entry in the movie after a few minutes. It's amazingly good; However, the similarity seems to be at odds with working for her. I agree with the previous commentator: Natasha Richardson made plastic on her face. Certainly, from the previous film (such as "Nell.) I do not remember it. Yes, and Toni Collette, unfortunately, do not make much impressions because they do not make them as persuasive as sisters. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette is too old too. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep needed more time. Streep's performance is just a kameo. On the other hand, his scene has more emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins is well-nourished, especially as Redgrave's character as an imaginative night-time friend. Like men; Hugh Dancy strongly encourages the film, although it provides a much wider performance than it needs. In fact, as soon as the story begins, it starts to drag. The viewer has, in his opinion, helped to create an accurate sense of young charm youth. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a complete gap in the middle of the movie. Unfortunately, the script is not enough to explain why this man describes a great deal of three people (one of them men). More information on this should be developed. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main set of the summer house did not convince me. It has no natural appearance on this rocky hill, above all with the meadow on the front. A bit like cardboard. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a production of classical film, but everything that I've seen before - was a cry of shouting - before me. I expect the duration and, consequently, to fail me any impact on me. However, he continues to think about the passage of time, the expectations of life and the fulfillment or non-fulfillment of them. At least in the DVD it's worth trying in the movies ...
