I love dogs even when I go to heaven, I'm a guy. This is the best animated film by The Land before Time by Don Bluthe. In the movie Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds), his friends helped Itchy (Dom DeLuise) a pound for New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who is a casino-based business with a partner, wants to share with Carface (Vic Tayback) equally. Charface does not want to share with Charlie equally Charlie pushes a car in a bridge until he dies! Charlie joined the sky and reveals to Annabelle (Melba Moore) Charlie showing him that his time has stopped showing him a watch, and explained that Dogs All Heaven went because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the clock in the back and back and the Earth is fast back with a scream with Annabelle You can never come back! They get together with Charlie Itchy and they soon explore how Carface has not tried to kill Charlie and has kidnapped a little orphan named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). Carface Charlie and Itchy help Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie are looking for the money! Ann Marie thinks she's the pair she thinks she has great parents! While Ann Marie talks to Charlie's partner, he stays behind the man and steals the wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy will go on a horse race, where a man is going to make money for a horse to win the race! They said the horses would be won, and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie will be billed for a $ 1,000 bet! Charlie Ann Ann promises to give her the money to the poor, but she buys a new casino and a new game and buys pizza from her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her dogs. Soon Ann Marie's Charlie man has steal money and has found money in the horse race and everything. Charlie's sad dream to go to hell and demon! Soon Charlie wakes up and Ann Marie is aware that he is gone. He removes the wallet that owes you to the wallet and lets the invitation to breakfast! Charlie asks him to leave her with Ann Marie and make him sick, but he catches the mice who try to get King introduced, but they escape! Shortly thereafter, Carface Ann Marie comes out. He predicts his insanity, but Charlie rescues himself and King Gator calls it the king who feeds Carface. Charlie has spent time and must die again. Itchy, with the help of other dogs, finds the couple who took Ann Marie and they will come along with Ann Ann. There's time to save Ann Marie, but it's too late for Charlie to end! Charlie, the heroic effort to save Ann Marie, returns to heaven, but before entering before, she says goodbye to her mother, she will accept the couple and she will take itchy for her. He says yes and he says that he loves Charlie and goodbye! Charlie joined the Heaven again, as they say, all Dogs go to Heaven! He plays animation, character and wonderful stories that Don Bluth once again encouraged him to be a good animator! It's a very bad movie this year was the Little Mermaid released my favorite Disney movie! Two were the year I was born in 1989! I believe that I'm going to call the animated features of the year 1989! 10 to 10!
