Like Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut teeth in French cinema with many thriller "La Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979), among others. "Police Python 357" Corneau is a good example of how he designed and filmed his work at the time of his career. They had a sophisticated, superb cinematography, sharp screenplay and efficiency. The Ferrot police (Yves Montand) is a police officer with the usual methods, which usually works only. Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) acquires a young woman and turns her lover, without excluding her friend: her superior, Ganay (François Périer). When the latter learns, he attacks aggression. Ferrot needs to investigate the murder and all traces are without contradictions ... <br /> <br /> This type of remote story is not excluded, and sometimes it is seen directly. Corneau's pedantic style leadership helps create a boring and gloomy atmosphere. The night of the murderer seems that the first part of the film is not possible, but the key to the person who is going to follow this moment is crucial. Corneau takes a strong look at minor secondary moments and short appearances, as the audience will see it again. Despite the obstacles, Corneau and Daniel Boulanger's set designer wrote a wealthy story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) is sometimes surprised by the fact that Ferro maintains a relatively low profile throughout the investigation. But he knows his high school that he usually only works. In fact, Ferro needs to find a solid trick to make the water fall asleep, and so he wants to ease himself. In the end, the main idea of ​​the film worries Ferrot himself. Gradually, he is a police officer who loses his identity and finds himself in the heart of a horrible despersonalization. It can be detected at the time when it is acidic in the face, since the witnesses do not know when it leads to them. <br /> <br /> The background of this thriller in Orleans is improving effectively. Corneau's camera helps inspire the awesome thriller dedicated to this charm.
