Knowing what is expected (in general) Denzel Washington's performance - quality, integrity, gravity, humor - will prepare for you what is expected from the premiere. According to Robert De Nirus's A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher is influenced by the dramatic mobile life of a young man and the key figures of his life. Like in the Bronx Tale, De Niro played one of these key characters (born to be a character but it was too old) Washington has a similar role as the holder of the title holder. 20 years ago Washington seems to have to play. Thank you very much Washington is going to play Antwone, if we do, first of all, we would remove the stunning and glittering performance of the army's advisor. However, more importantly, we would not see the best, we can only hope for a star-ahead hope, Derek Luke's title role. There is no doubt that the character conforms to Washington's shape. However, it means that Washington directs it, not trying to copy Luke, but Luke thought he was very strong and an actor from Washington. For a long time, Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane have been worthy of receiving the Academy Award, hopefully Luke does not have to wait so long. Also, excellent casting was Joyy Bryant, Fisher girlfriend, Cheryl. While the part could be an unforgettable help or a "girlfriend" role, Bryant gives life. The role of powers and intelligents surpasses stereotypes with Bryant's life, and makes it a significant and interesting part. It does not hurt that Bryant is the most attractive woman in the celluloid, yes, it may only be the coldest heart. With abilities and glances - why this woman is not doing right now. Salli Richardson Berta as a wife to provide the right support in a small role. Many Hollywood actors say more silence or appearance. All those who are in the film say it to the viewer much earlier than the whole story. With regard to the management of Washington, as I said, the director of the play is equivalent. The story of a man who is listening to some audiences and, to make it really interesting, Washington is very successful. The movie is not running, it's not spectacular, but it's never slow or sad. Measure and nuance, balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher would not be able to knock you out of Hollywood for a lot of movies, if you like explosive and insignificant, but for those who appreciate a piece of hands-off, great performances and managers who are well-managed for you.
