This movie, based on a real story, is Denzel Washington's first director and a longtime actor. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances in the last decade, as a black soldier in the Civil War of Glory and as a lawyer in Philadelphia's acclaim. And, of course, he made a special deal last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Performance Actor. There, he was the first African American to receive the award for Best Actor Denzel Washington. Denzel thought I wanted a rhythm change, so he chose to direct Antwone Fisher. Fisher is Derek Luke, new on the silver screen, but has made some guests in King of Queens, such as television shows, and will appear on the screening of the next film by Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a true movie by Denzel Washington for the first time. Without a doubt, Denzel felt a certain commitment and believed in the true story of Antwone Fisher. He is always fighting for a young Afro-American Navy officer Antwone Fisher and, after a certain period of time, he served for the psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport to see Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone to learn how to handle his troubled past and learn to progress with his life, rather than finding his mother's mother, who had to be given birth when he was in prison. This film, which works well, is not very melodramatic. I expected something like Good Will Hunting, sworn, with great fighting and vulgarity. I did not like Good Will Hunting, or movie fans, fights and courtesy were out. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a real story and I do not think Washington wants to feel the story of the dramatic influence of the film. I will not be wrong, there are some moments when we see Antwone struggling, when it seems that the world is approaching to him. After all, with his first psychiatrist in Washington, Fisher asks Devenport Fisher to be born, and Fisher's response, "under a rock," shows the pressure on the soul of Antwone Fisher. But this movie should not have been the most responsive to dramatic effects. Denzel Washington shows a true character to make the story realistic and to avoid the usual galaxies in Hollywood movies, as well as real stories. It's a different point I'd like to explain about Antwone Fisher. Eventually, the performances were good in the film, but not very good. Sometimes, I think it was a bit clear that the main characters were actors, but in general, complaining about the screenings of this movie would be wonderful. One of the actors I want to emphasize in this movie is Viola Davis. She plays Antwonder's mother, but she only says two words in the film, but it's not so much in the end of the movie, but she was more surprised to find that Antwone has lost her son a long time ago. I want to emphasize what I want to get out of myself as an actress. It's basically a character actress, and I do not see what plays the most accomplished roles. It was a great occurrence in Traffic, Kanpora Sight, Kate & Leopold, and the last two films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the Solaris version of Steven Soderberg, a scientist played a convulsed spacecraft around a planet around an orbit. In this film, George Clooney's character faces up and tears Clooney in a specific scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing the scene and thinking I've seen it, to act on that woman. It was like he could feel the pain of character. In the short shot of his face he gave so much expression and honestly felt the sadness and trouble of his character's film. I think that it has a potential as an actor and can often be used in the mainstream role as a character actor. However, Antwone Fisher is an excellent movie. Denzel Washington, as always, has a great job and is a great director. In addition, Derek Luke is a talented actress. I think that Antwone Fisher would bring a disturbing reputation for the portrait of the evil man, but I believe that his public success will be enhanced by Biker Boyz, by Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher Antwone Quenton Fisher is based on 'Finding Fish: A Memoir'. ***
