"And it was time that it was more dangerous than a flower that could reach more risk," - says Anais Nin Marcel Proust, "the discovery is to see new realistic travel landscapes rather than having new eyes." Antwone Fisher writes and writes the scenery into the US navy To see the news, but his past demons let him see the world through new eyes. Based on autobiography, "Finding Fish", after years of events, his story is based on Antwone Fisher's first effort in Denzel Washington. The fact that past concentration is a painful process of being able to live in the present is, in a way, a formal look. <br /> <br /> It is necessary to have anger after going to therapy sessions. In principle, the painful aspects of his childhood are withdrawn, the adult Antwone (Derek Luke) tells his life in sessions with the psychiatric army Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). First, he does not speak, but when it starts, the water opens. His father killed a girlfriend and, after releasing his mother from Antwone prison, he was admitted to his home for fourteen years of age when he was underemployed and abused. According to Antwone, the mother of Tate (Novella Nelson) as "nigga" and her cousin Nadin (Yolonda Ross) was much worse than the treatment of mother adoption appeared on the screen. <br /> <br /> His only friend, Jesse, is a local Jesse (Jascha Washington), who only adds feelings to the movie. It's hard to do a movie about psychiatric sessions, but Commonwealth and Good Will Hunting have been dramatically very interesting, but it's a great success because of the major performances of Washington and Luke, even eleven attempts. It's a bit easier for a few months now. Davenport's humankind and warmth, however, Fisher feels confident to discuss his difficult past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), whose new girlfriend is also in the Army, helps fight for a breakthrough. <br /> With Cheryl's help and doctor's advice from Davenport, Antwon develops self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin to go on a journey to try his mother to complete the past. With regard to stunning performances by Derek Luke, Antwone wants to admit, dramatically starring in the hearts of dreams that are presented at the beginning of the film that celebrates love. A comedian, Mort Sahl, once said "remembering that people should remember here: finding a way home ..." Antwone Fisher tells a young man to go home but not just the desire of a young man who reaches all that. they slept those who did cry, without knowing the joy of being loved.
