Written and edited by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. Classified by PG <br /> <br /> The comedy of this decade was essential. He won the Sir John Gielgud Oscar Award. It also appeared in VH1's "I Love the 80's". And it seems as good today as it did in the opening note. Arthur is a classic celebrity comedy about a drunken drunken man (Dudley Moore who looks forward to and is nominated for an Oscar nomination), who has to choose a woman who loves her. It's a great cliché on the basic plot, but there's nothing more to blend in with this hilarious, hilarious, hilarious dialogue. Basically, Arthur Bach is a mistaken shake, but you can not help but like him. Above all, it gives lines, for example, "Do not you want me? I know it!" Unlike the richest characters we see on the screen, it's not ashamed to be rich. In a scene, a man asks: "What do you think it's like having all that money?" He responded "it feels great". Moor gives such a charisma and charm to his audiences, or else to a character that was tired. And Gielgud is proud to be a servant of pride, with the extreme satisfaction of offering his master, even though his wages depend on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not want to be a great movie or a particularly brilliant one: it comes naturally. Screenplay - He also achieved the head of the academy - a real laugh-out interview is overwhelmed. This is the kind of budget quote with that kind of movie crew. He also analyzes the characters with honest empathy. Majority of the death or illness of the main theater (including Grumpy Old Men) has been a series of comedies that include death or illness, but we can only do that because we do not care. When this movie decides to throw the table, it really works because we really like it. Why watch Arthur? The answer is very simple: because it is for the rest of pleasure and the culprit. When film becomes more and more serious, Arthur reminds us of the feeling of going to the cinema and enjoying it. <br /> <br /> **** - Classical
