I saw Marion Davies in both films and I could not really understand the appeal. He could not dance with peanuts, he did not try singing and his acting - it seemed like a trance. But I did not see her silent comedy and the movie is wonderful. As suggested here, instead of joking his own image, Gloria Swanson's satire seems to have started as a slapstick comedy, he went to high-profile women's photos and eventually married a Konden. Marion, imitated on top, also made a funny imitation rabbit, when anyone wanted to see it when he wanted to, that is, Gloria Swansson could be a place !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has been in Hollywood to Hollywood, she decided that her daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will never be the biggest star. Their expectations diminish and they fall to the last 40 cents when they know Billy Boone (William Haines), the promise to work on slapstick studios and Peggy. Peggy thinks she'll be a dramatic actor, but she thinks it's a fantastic comic studio. To convince the movie and make it a great success in the prelude. Charlie Chaplin asks for his autograph, but he does not know about it, and he treats heavily for abuse. "Who was a short little guy" - when he swallowed it !!! Peggy and Billyk receive a call from High Art Studio, but Peggy only wants to, and suddenly she is on her way. I do not know much about a star that sees a fun scene. It's Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> In the end he has the chance to be a dramatic actor - but he can not cry! !! It's a ridiculous scene that the director tries everything and tries to succeed and he can not stop! Andre, his new head, Andre (Paul Ralli), forgets his past comedy and makes them elite and sophisticated - it also includes a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! It also seems that Billy and his father have forgotten that he has developed the "STAR" personality !!! When Slapstick chooses the same position as the "Patricia" film, Billy is very pleased with his attitude towards snobby. When they call him a cheap clown, he realizes that he has not once known the girl. <br /> <br /> After studying a meal (one of the great panoramic views of some of the biggest stars in the day), it receives the call "Patricia" Nagusi. Films seem to be flop and they do not want to book theaters. The public are fatigued and wants to return old Peggy. And they decide to marry, they dream to become a comedian (though Billy's Lady served the spaghetti of the Virgin Mary in a small cafe in the center of the city, and it was not counted). On the wedding day, he visits Billy and after a ridiculous pastry cake he realizes that Billy is the eldest. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert goes through MGM. At the door, Lew Cody speaks of Elinor Glynn, not only writes "It", but also many Romanesque novices who have joined MGM. William Haines, the movie he wanted to always see, was very good - especially the scene of the cafe, he had a wonderful comic season. Harry Gribbon was as horny as the director of the comedy - this movie was so hilarious on stage and was at the top of all Marion - I'll give 10 films out of 10. <br /> <br /> Very, very highly recommended.
