I screened "The Big Bad Swim" at the New London Film Festival last week in 2006. The festival highlights some of the best and most recent non-traditional films of the last year. In my opinion, the one that was given at the "Big Bad Swim" festival was given to me because it was filmed in the eastern and remote parts of Connecticut. However, as credits began to emerge, I thought that "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the other of the festival. Still far away, my list was "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed The Electric Car" and "Transamerica." Then, engaging, "The Big Bad Swim," true and often, a funny look at adult school children, and a profoundly pleasant teacher who has not seen me on their screen for some time. The line of character development and lines derived from absurd nonsense like adult schoolchildren use the subtle, lovable ways that I found refreshments. The plot does not direct you from head to head; but it grows in an organic way and grows with rhythm. I never get bored. I have never cringed. I never stumbled on the screen story. <br /> <br /> The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" known as "Old School". The performance of a group of strangers was incredible and their conversation was never inadequate or noticeable. Of course, millions of productions were not shot in the camera, it was not entirely inspiring and clear, but was well-suited to the budget. The lighting and shoot technique of the scenes filmed in the scene of the band scene has been particularly impressive due to a more realistic view of a similar scene found in "Closer". I also thought that I had shot down underwater movies from the class. It seems that it was a portrait of a character and it was a shoulder shot. <br /> <br /> Surely, I say that more than once. The film industry independently, but I must say, "If The Big Bad Swim" is not received for a kind of distribution, I would be very disappointed. "Big Big Swimming" must be seen. If you can see this movie, watch! Disaster is impossible!
