July 16, Sunday, at 8:00 pm, Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a South Colonel, your make-up is very Indiana." <br /> <br /> Hollywood jokes have been avoided over the past few years in the direction of Marion Davies. That he had given his reputation and was irrelevant, they are often supposed. Often the drama has been encouraged so often, it seems that criticism has some validity. However, as a comedian, his star shone brightly. It may be against Mabel Normand, who left light comedy and slapstick career. King Vidor's Show People (1928) is one of his best lifestyles, he is still alive and is known by MGM as a star cameo. This happy event has kept unmistakably among the best works of his amazing stars, Davies and William Haines, Joe College Joe-cracker. Rumors have been shown by people in Gloria Swanson, based on Sennett's comedy, which was based on the great drama (and does not seem to have been for the rest of his life as a whole). Stroheim, with Walsh! and DeMille. This story, in comedy studios used in this film, Keystone canceled the previous year (think you worked!) <br /> <br /> Marmaduke Colonel Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) her daughter Peggy (she drives Davies). ) To play movies in Georgia and Hollywood. These two hicks of these hicks are undeveloped by Billy Boone (Haines), "a roasted pastelist?" Who goes down on his coffee table in an entertaining accident (see noodles with noodles), and then helps Peggy part a part of his next image. What he thinks is a great drama is a conversion, but it's a job, and Billy will convince her ... "All stars must wear a chin." In anticipation, Billy and Peggy are revealed ... Charlie Chaplin, to ask for his autograph! It encourages the little one and Billy is terrified of the book and the signal. Chaplin's car rises and Billy tells Peggy who is waking up, so she breaks it down naturally. It's really fun, Davies's character is not to think that man should recognize it! Peggy works at High Art Studios and has changed her name to "Patricia Pepoire" and has left Billy. Davies makes a wonderful submission to a serious actor, with preterm conditions and lips trembling. Vidor spreads the star parade at lunchtime after lunch (and they all look in front of the camera!) Polly Moran (also a fun sensation with Maid Davies) comes in to Louella Parsons. a friendly vampire), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, Karl Dane's comedian comedian (bracelet arm) and George K. Arthur (apparently stealing silence), Leatrice Joy (she enjoyed Arthur Theater), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and drinking) smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in an outfit) Gilbert (this is also shown in MGM's output), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (as usual). She was dressed as Patricia Marie Antoinette, wearing Douglas Fairbanks (like a fun joke) and wearing William S. Hart (as she was sponsoring Doug). Billyk High Art team meets the comedy team when they destroy their shooting, with poor prediction results. Vidor also works in the last scene as the director of the current production of Peggy. Harry Gribbon is also a comedy director with Eddie Sedgwick and Sidney Bracy. Peggy is an unmissable conductor in the field of screen testing and can not stop him. As a lady, her love is a dramatic and hilarious hilarious interest. When the character tries to try his "actor", Davies is trying to make fun of all the awesome drama that was coming out of his way. <br /> <br /> Show People is a real satire for ten years, MGM, Irving Thalberg continues to be a fun example of quality work and a huge wealth of talented assemblers. What a shame is lost so much. There are too many examples of great movies like The Patsy (1928), which Vidor and Davies had a very successful first year of the same year, when they saw the vaults seen and enjoyed.
