In the last few months, I have collected DVDs from Voyager's seasons from 4 to 7 (I only had the video 1 to 3 before Kes was my favorite character) and we have reached the end. I saw them on TV in the UK, but most of them were forgotten. Is it happy with the end? I think so. Of course, I would like to see more about what happened to the people when they arrived home, but that's the imagination. In many ways "Endgame" Next Gen's "Things Good?" It's similar. Future involving the crew, but especially the captain. A newly ending love affair (Troi and Worf Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), that is, death in the future. I really loved "Endgame", although it was a good idea for all the characters, although Neelix appeared, he left the ship for two periods. With Daniel her son is born with his beloved daughter. Tuvo is ill but the return home can be cured. Harry has always been the most nervous and determined, but it is a major journey. Doctors, in the future, respect everyone and eventually chooses Joe! But, of course, the captain has the most important role, the future of which wants to bring his home to his home, to prevent the dead. Borg takes part in the Voyager era. Alice Krige once again plays Borg Roy's fantasy, voices and acting methods are outstanding. Sorry for Susanna Thompson, however, represented by Borg Borg Queen queen movie. Maybe it was not available. Special effects are wonderful, Borg's sub-spas center and Borg's queen breaks up. It's very tense. Especially when they leave the corridor of the Borg suburbs and when they say that they are well positioned, they thought they should go to a corridor while being taken to the barrack gang. And what a wonderful idea to insert into a sphere of protection of Borg, in particular DVD features that it resembles Trojan horse. Voyager can continue. If they were more popular, they might think that the ship might be their home with their original ideas, such as the Harry's speech and why they had been told by Tom's wife and children. Then they could take them home to a movie! <br /> <br /> In general, Voyager was wrong. It seems that the sixth season is good. It is a great part of the Irish holographic town! Seven of Nine's perception was mine, everything was going around, this is not true. When he appeared for the first time, he spent four seasons in himself in many episodes, but later he flattened. And his character is simple in the past, for 20 years he has gradually redone his man. I like it, especially "Overcome someone for me", "Imperfection" and "Human error". When Naomi Wildman was afraid at the beginning but then he often became friends next to him, that was beautiful. Chakotay was my favorite character. With Janeway, the chemistry disappeared (are they not?) And you would never think the first officer, he has abandoned all the time. I love the relationships between Tom and B'elanna against flowers. Neelix always liked me. Tuvo was a good time, especially when he lost his logic, when he threw his emotion and became a friend of Neelix. Sometimes Harry was annoying but a different character. The doctor is probably my favorite, how he has come to see and the comedy situation he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is wonderful!). Janeway is my favorite captain in my series and you can really enjoy Kate Mulgrew. <br /> <br /> I'd like to have more, I love Voyager!
