So, there is at least one movie per year, since it is not a chance to be successful at the box office, since even before filming a single movie, everyone chooses this movie ... a long list of these types of films and some very bad ones (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their mistakes, but they are quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)). A few, really good ones, but nobody is allowed! I mean, for me, because a broad crowd needs to be able to pick a victim each year, nobody needs to meet them. So, maybe these movies are not perfect, but how many films are there? The Lord of the Rings is not new at every movie! Not everyone will enjoy these films, but I am more than those who bet that they are committed. Hudson Hawk (1991), hysterical funny, only Color of Night (1994), may not be worthy of the Oscars, but it's definitely not a dumb all, I thought some nice thriller twists, Swept Away (2002). humor is a great mix of a patient and a beautiful love, Gigli (2003), which was an excellent entertainment with truly memorable lines and the bad partner "Bennifer", and this year is "Basic Instinct 2". ! Well, I was very sceptically aware of one of my favorite movies, and although I really love Sharon Stone I was sceptically late to see this movie. And really, I was very surprised! I can not understand why he's doing a bad and bad press. It's not just an original copy, a pretty fast story, tension, action, humor and the most amazing Sharon Stone, repeating its role! He's been filming a movie for over 47 years, is hotter than many stars of the 20s, but it's much more than just being beautiful, brilliantly dressed, with all his looks, a famous smile, talking and moving ... it's the first frame and you can not take your eyes off. Pleasure is just to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all other actors also perform solid performances! So I can not see what's wrong in this movie ... it looks dark, exciting, sexy and red, solid performances, and you're never bored! Perhaps the story is not an Oscar caliber, but it never strives! It's an entertainment movie, and according to this rule, it seems to me to be absolutely in my opinion! So try!
