In the end, after waiting for a new film to follow the "Basic Instinct" sexual conflict, we have given a great deal of sequel to the franchise with the right elements! Original, steam, love, sex, questionnaires, music (by the hand of Jerry Goldsmith), and remind me of anything else about violence and murder. Do not make any mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a winner in every public. I remember it in 2001 when we heard this sequel. Five years later, we have. I would never have thought of such, at last. When the fallen project was declared, there was probably no time to say. Well, now we know nothing about this case. Although not the original director or writer, Sharon Stone is glamorous and always reliable, and we have reached an agreement! Please, let me hear ... <br /> <br /> When this movie is said to be a bad thing, I think the style is dated and extreme. I use the term "Dated" because we have not seen a similar movie for many years, and considering the story of people watching other movies that earn money, the audience has adapted. Large numbers are those of the family. Who needs holes and clean? It's a nice thing, of course, but not! The scarcity rarely occurs these days, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real enthusiasts. This film is not the winner of the Oscars, nor even trying. The hard-hitting fans were just getting ready. The movie is fun. Today, movies seem very serious, but this movie is loose and fun, it's not serious, not very serious. That said, I will evaluate the movie. <br /> <br /> The film is a second fastest-running movie, as we can see, as we can see, Cathernine Tremell, in a car that travels over 110 kilometers - and thus we enjoy lustful thrills. . Maybe sex and driving are not mixed, because our sexy novelists take a turn-off and ... well, it is damaged, but the couple is not going to go well. Once again, Tremell is the main suspect in the accident and will be under the direction of analyst and psychiatrist. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) automatically addressed him as early as his. Like another criminal investigator in front of him, he is fascinated and slowly seduced. He denies that he breaks around him, he can do it only while doing a spell. Tramell is probably more dangerous than now, but first, we never really know, is it it? When seduction moves, jealousy, anger, drugs and an erotic landscape are created! <br /> <br /> This movie is not recycled first, but mentions the incident in the previous movie. . This is a good thing. As a spectator we know that the script has been written to bring one or the other level. Sharon Stone captivates us again, just like 14 years ago. The second hearing of his first novelist is just as before. Just awesome! David Morrissey is well-suited and well managed. Because they chose an unknown star, their performance is even more enjoyable because the viewers do not have a backdrop on it, as we have seen. According to my latest thought, from 8,5 to 9. So it is not the first and can not win first place. However, the first film can live up to the standards set, and the people! It is not.
