"Wisecracker", the biography of the actor William Haines, offers a delightful passage about a former star at the age of 70 and retired from feature films. The old man was not sentimental and rarely saw his films. In 1972, she starred in Marion Davies, the star of the SHOW PEOPLE silent version of Los Davis museum. Previously, Haines was worried that this comedy was not to laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and, without a doubt, without rest) how much he liked and how much he enjoyed. See the current movie and why you can see it: SHOW PEOPLE Hollywood is a beautiful satire that keeps the charm, because it connects with its purpose and its roughness, but with no evil. It's still fun and its satirical point is still resonant. Needless to say, there is a lot of technology in cinemas that has changed since the silence days, but the filmmakers' fans and their wickedness have not changed completely. <br /> <br /> Show people is the best. Marion Davies, a highly deserving comic interpreter, worthy of a good comedian pantheon. He was worried about his career, who was blessed by Davies, and was damned by magnates William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst's Davie's roles have had an enormous impact, and, although he is also a popular comedian, he preferred to watch heroines worthy of heroes of the time. By the end of the 20th, for any reason, Marion was allowed in many different types of comedies (THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great King Vidor, is the most pleasant showcase. William Haines gives his partner and Billy Boone a pleasant and pleasant performance with his partner, but this is the show of the main lady. <br /> <br /> Marion Southern Southern Peggy plays an aspiring female Hollywood actress. accompanied by his father, has wanted to become a movie star. (Her father's Colonel Pepper Dell Henderson is the actor and director, veteran of some biographical drama in Griffith, like Hearst's Hearst!) One of the funniest jewels in the Marionette, often sketched elsewhere, is audition at the Comet Studio casting office . . While the father suggests helping his wife ("Sorrow! ... Joy!") And he falls on his face with a scarf, Peggy's expression and a good attitude. It is recruited to know that comets are creating small comedies in front of the comet, they meet together with the elusive cops and cops that jump together to jump over each other. Of course, Comet is understood as a recovery of Mack Sennett's Keystone, but the true nature of satire is clear as the story develops. When Peggy Pepper lifted her into a movie star hierarchy, she left Comet to get the most famous High Art Studio, named "Patricia Peppoire" as a new star of her life as a serious actor. At some point it may happen to us (as did the audience in 1928), Gloria Swanson Davies's rival began playing comic between Keystone before being drama of Cecil B. DeMille. And Miss Peppoire is becoming more and more serious, giving top-class treatments to former colleagues, such as low-cost comic Billy Boone, Davies' performance parody of the evil parody, apparently squasely targeted by Swanson himself. This is particularly noteworthy in a sequence of conversations, when Miss Peppoire's spokesman made a foolish nonsense when a star appeared to represent Swanson. I think this meant that it was nice, but I must ask after the publication of a happy relationship between Gloria and Marion. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is for eye-catching eyes. Who will be during the star cameos parade? Charlie Chaplin gives her an extravaganza, she's a pretty make-up and looks pretty, she's looking for an autograph for Patricia Peppoir! (And, in a sport-like show, Marion Davies looks like his own mind, in the evening, Swanson can enjoy himself.) This is a silent movie that is silent by the viewers who are silent. at least one viewer who likes movie movies. SHOW PEOPLE surely goes into the company of SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN IN THE RAIN, analyzing the most pleasurable and enjoyable exercises produced in Hollywood.
