As a child, I always hate to sit by musicians. I never understood why people came up with such songs, and I was very young to appreciate art (choreography, plays, costumes, rides). Carol Reed-in "Oliver!" I remember being a bit like a child, I'm enjoying music, because it's probably darker and it's a mess of the Dickens spirit. Victorian London is about the life of the ghettos. While landscapes and sets of designs are immense, dark and life-style, it's unusual for people to be ridiculous songs in their misery. After a recent reflection, in my first childhood, I have a new song that tells the song "songs", which creates a strange song, and why I'm not doing it for myself. </ B> <br /> When music is working or saying something, they have a natural surprise. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark", as it was tragic and operative, worked as a musician, because music numbers were the main characters of the imagination, obsessed with Hollywood music. Likewise, "Chicago" was very cynical and enjoyable at a similar level, since music numbers were the singers and dancers of an engineering singer. The musicals do not work when they take their musical character seriously (it's similar to "Moulin Rouge"), or nothing more than a murmur (meaning "Mary Poppins"). "Oliver!" When I first saw it, I saw it in a new light. From Oliver's point of view, I saw music numbers as a childhood imagination product, and how to deal with the horrors of ghetto life in their neighborhood. The best number of music surely put Nancy in the bar as she drank and drank around drinks (Oliver Cobela, as a help to escape from the bad guys Oliver Sykes). They were definitely brilliant and they sang drummed around the piano as a real pub. There are other classical and exquisite music tunes that can be heard here, and the direction and performance are based on dance links. <br /> <br /> Still, despite its harsh hatred (even if it's a happy one) Oliver ends up, though, certainly, things are not happily ending in Nancy, and if you think it's a fun life on the street, it was not necessarily good ending for Fagin or Dodger, even Sound Appearance) I would not really classify it as a family film, although I'm not going to show it for children seven to eight years old. This is a tough story about what is trying to survive the unhappy orphaned streets and try to find happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update about it, perhaps when it comes to revision, in the streets of Compton, people make happy songs about their awful life. "Oliver!" I would like to see a hard version of hip-hop called. I always thought that Dickens would have done well. As of now, "Oliver!" It was probably one of the greatest musical films and the rarest ever seen by the G movie.
