Great film musicians were made between 1950 and 1970. In these twenty years, the genre "Golden Age" can be labeled. They had previously been musical, and since they were musical ... but it seems that real classics are made at the time. Singin 'In The Rain, Paris in America, Bandako Bagon, Seven Brides, Seven Women, Oklahoma, South Pacific, King And I, and many others, are much better products of that time. Perhaps the latest great "Golden Era" is "Oliver" (1968) by Carol Reed. Adapting to Dickens' novels, this passionate music is a movie version of a successful production scenario. It is a brilliant movie, with six Oscars, including the Best Picture Award. <br /> <br /> Orphans Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in a dark life in the workplace, after his mother died at some time. . After an event, after a meal, he starts from the workplace and works in a funeral worker. But Oliver does not particularly fit his new job and escapes after some disturbed days. He travels to London where he wants to find his fortune. Oliver is considered under the wing of a baby-and-grandchild named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), at the same time as a man in charge of a gang of children, Fagin (Ron Moody). Despite being an illegal act, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". Nancy (Shani Wallis), the cruel and most horrible thief of all of them, knows the threatening girl, Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After a lot of adventures, Oliver finds his true ancestor and has found that he is truly rich and prosperous. But the possibility of joining forces with his true family is compromised when Bill Sikes exploits Oliver, to be a complement of some dangerous and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliantly assembled movie, always pleasing to the eye and brilliantly with his team. Moody recreates her stage show, filming Fagin with her acting performance. Lester and Wild also make good use of the cannon, Wallis makes Nancy's enthusiasm and Reed repels as Sikes. Music numbers are organized with a simple sense of precision and show - the choreography of Onna White's Academy Awards helps record songs and dances so memorable, but also live performers and Carol Reed's director. Unforgettable songs "Food Glorious Food", "Take care of yourself", "You need to choose one or two pockets," "I would not do anything," and "Oom-Pah-Pah" must be selected. through well-assembled sequences. The film is very entertaining and it's never lost in 153 minutes. Sit and enjoy!
