Well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampire" was a fun, crisp piece, with a budget that did not have to invade special effects. And, of course, "From Dusk Till Dawn" will have the ability. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is the same thing that Jon Bon Jovi plays with the star of the rock, but at the beginning he plays well: I do not see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie. I did not compare its performance to "Vampires: Los Muertos", but I was really pleased with its great performance. After the movie, he did not take the guitar and convinced me "It's my life" or something, but to kill vampires, without mercy and doing a job. This means a lot, as a part of the audience (I) probably thought: "... it's a rockstar ...". Bon Jovi, of course, is not James Woods, but it may be honest: it could be a lot worse, and I think Bon Jovi's performance was very good. A vampire who has not played Arly Jover is not similar to a killer head (or "Ghosts of Mars") against a vampire leader. Jover Vampire plays a very attractive and very sexy woman, who moves her as pretty as a cat, attacks her as fast as a snake and has almost transparent and light erotic attire. And also the optical effects in favor of its movement. It really stirs it. But the director participates in some films to not turn the film into a horrifying horror movie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". The director's temptation can be seen to create a very personal and original notion. This is the true strength of the film and at the same time its weakest point: the first movie being celebrated by the fun-bloodbath spectators expect a fun-bleeding second and may be a little disappointed. Do not make mistakes: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun-bloodbath, but this type of film is not all the time. Think of the massacre of the bar, which vampiress looks to captivate Zoey to the bottom: the massacre is expected for the popcorn-entertaining entertainment of the dream-Zoey-in-the-ruins scene. CINEMA is similar to European cinema (the film is about knowing more about relations between Zoey and vampiress, but also rejects the response, as it would slow down the action? It showed the audience with the past of man, now an awful creature, not just a beast, no one he dies.) And this is the film that decides for me to accept the original film's audience. And, also, will the "Previous dusk" really be allowed? I do not know about that. However, Tommy Lee Wallace has done a great job "Vampires: Los Muertos". But I think directing a sequel to a movie show in Wallace sometimes too creative, very significant. He continues to develop his talents capable of satisfying the audience's expectations. In my opinion, Wallace's talents will fill the movie with life and at times absorb it. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is pretty good. (I've given it 7 of 10)
