"Creep" is, of course, a new horror movie, because it's just like a lot of fans of the genre, so scrupulous and nonsensical! It has a lot of real shock moments, contagious gore sequences and extra-claustrophobic tensions. He did not get logics and solid plots, but he did not let me shake a second. When the end credits begin, there are still many unanswered questions, but the writer and director Christopher Smith (at his premiere) preferred that he focus his attention on tension and adrenaline deeply on long and persistent lectures. The London creep may explain the existence. The story of young and proud Kate, who leaves his party to reveal the actor George Clooney, will present his new movie. He slept in the subway, is missing the last train and is trapped in an underground metro network. The terrifying things make them awful when the old tunnels meet and when they experience people when they encounter a mad and horrified mad madman who kidnaps it. Homeless people, security guards or squatting personnel can not save you from killing this monster! I really pissed into a terrible nature! It is profitable, incredibly and primitive, but in a strange and fascinating way. Christopher Smith leaves you reminders and advice, and only the inventor is guessing the origin and origin of this evil creature. I think this is not very original, and I am convinced that many people do not understand the content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better than "Jeepers Creepers" style. This special feature, too, began, but when Creeper's personality became clear, the horror effort became half-full. Clear love is a venerable part! It has a serious movie, and make-up and effects are very credible. The nightmare of London's abandoned night is effectively used. In this film, he also has an active talent, turning to the horror graphic together with Franka Potente (Run Lola Run), after almost five years of the German film "Anatomie". Creep is a wonderful entertainment when you do not reflect and Christopher Smith is sure to be the director. Make sure you do not have to watch the movie underground and then take it ...
