Emory Cincinatti is a steel worker, father and father of his father. In the century most of the family's double pillars of existence have been steel and syndicated. Mill, once, 45,000 soldier, its number fell to 5,000 late and now 1, closing plants and leaving only one security guard. At the beginning, recently unemployed, Emory and her friends enjoy independence, hang around the town and go to their favorite bar. In it, "Deposits Depths" have been abandoned. They think the mill will open again after listening to a positive attitude towards their union, but the reality begins when they sell their personal vehicles to break the food on the table and break the house fires. Emory's father - a dedicated trade union - surely will open the plant again and remind his son about all the closure of 35 millions. In the meantime, some unemployed men sell dark jobs or trucks and seek employment. <br /> <br /> In the end, he acknowledges the shortcomings of the union, the times that Emory's hard-fought father has changed and the mill never again opens. Emory asks "what did I do wrong?" hard work and profession, the union, the full devotion of the church and family does not leave any room for a lifetime. He was knocked down and his young children plunged into rage rage and his wife fell to the ground. Leaving his home and hanging from the plant manager's comments, he and his men did not want to work hard, Emory still left the town's steel workers hire them to show what's up. gay They get into the early morning mill, they burn some kilns and work harder than all of their lives, and in a single way they create steel pipes to fill the docks of the walls wall. the plant director thought it was impossible. <br /> <br /> When suddenly the line is again open, the horrible director looks at the incredible exit from one day's work, which will result in a profitable plant yield. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory tells him "No" and the manager asks: "What do you want to prove?" Emory explains that the hard work, honesty, and devotion of the workforce have made sense and that they showed how many "we write in our eyes" on how to produce it one day. Emory will offer a tear of greetings from his wife and children while he is looking for wives and friends along with his friends while he is looking for a family to find him. <br /> <br /> It is a powerful and honest treatment for the American workers that have displaced foreign competitions and provides realistic views of the cost of owners of rigorous concession and trade unions. Each centimeter was taken from their factories, but never returned. Peter Strauss, Emory, John Goodman, his best friend, Gary Cole, brother of her university, Pamela Reed, Emory's wise wife and John Doucette, all of her dying parents perform great performances in this beautiful image.
