Oh, McBain? The name of the characters is immortal and "The Simpsons" seems ridiculous, but will it always be? for me personally, at least? The name and inscription of a very entertaining and shameless being of the early 90's; "The Exterminator" has brought us two heroes of the worst hero, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (B-movie), (the latter with a pretty pink stick). I think that "McBain" will be largely labeled as a guilty pleasure, because I can not convince anyone that it is essential for an intellectual film film. The film is very surprising (most action heroes take on a small gangster possession of a whole country in McBain), yet it takes it very seriously. Scripts are in drawbacks in topical situations, false rhythms, compulsory similar mixtures, grotesquely scattered action sequences and totally untargeted nature. It's totally a delightful movie; I love. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW McBain's life saved the soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each one maintains a half-dollar note in front of McBain Santos's debt as a symbol. Eighteen years later, Santos is a violent rebel against the corruption of the President of Columbia in his country that has led the revolution. The first attempt to take power of Santos fails and he executed publicly at the President's Palace. His sister goes to New York with the dollar release and McBain to help with the subsidy and staff. McBain and his former Vietnamese friends, who are fed with injustice across the globe, name a bad airplane and fly to Columbia to open a giant pond. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not fool each other. Depending on what you are reading a user comment on "McBain," it means you're interested in a low-budget B-movie. One of my collaborative reviews made a great deal of time with McBain's stupidity and timeless moments. This list is very accurate and I agree with that. The reason, in that list, can also add some sequential sensations (similar to the absurd heroic deity of a soldier who has nothing to do with the mission and McBain's team). the point? You certainly know that you do not expect the 100% masterpiece to be consistent and compelling. We already know that the movies are stupid and terribly tender, and maybe that's why we're going to justify the exact reason! Formerly innocent and exciting anti-corruption campaign president and former anti-corruption president and drug cartel, Vietnam's former friends are mercenaries. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". In this specific motion picture movie, through the machines of rebel, many explosions and guns? Last but not least? A wonderful soundtracking song by Joan Baez "Brothers in Arms".
