I saw the great Return of the Soldier movie of 1982 based on Rebecca West's novel. Shell talks about a tormented captain, although he has not returned to his wife to a British landlord but a captain who remains in London hospital. He has lost his memory and is a boy again, he achieved 25 yen for a long yen for younger lovers. The story is tricky. It continues in childhood, the reader wants to mean that his wife is a sustainable and socially sustainable society that wants to regain its place. Living with them is his cousin, Jenny, because he loved Chris Baldry, when he was growing as a playmate, but he became an agitation. The bottom female player Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. SHE is the one who is reporting that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife Kitty surprised Mrs. Gray told London to be in hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and awake. Why, he asks himself, did this other woman send a telegraph with Chris? Chrisk has forgotten about Kitty. He wants to renew relations with Margaret. Margaret is not married to invite him to be known, but then he is in touch with her and continues. A psychiatrist (Ian Holm) warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris will eliminate Margaret's temporary happiness if he "cures." Jenny realizes how pretty Kitty Chris is and that Margaret creates a secret alliance. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help her. At the end of the film, Kitty reveals that Chris and a boy killed at the age of five. Telling Chris, he reduces it and he will definitely recover "normal". But is it a good idea? Chris, Kitty and those who were married were never married, he did not know about his child's and child's death. Psychiatrist thinks he is learning baby, such as knowledge that Chris will regain. Jenny and Margaret Chris have retained themselves, because Kitty thinks he's forgotten and wants to deny Chris's disease back in his youth in the fifties. The film considers, above all, what happens with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, the child in the room that is very well maintained, even in the Kitty novel, but not in the script. What they should do about the crisis separately from their perspective. Margaret is critical here, if she is married, she has fallen again with Chris. Jenny's social status, Jenny believes, is threatened if Chrisk does not direct herself. However, Margaret did not reveal this. Margaret, looking forward, decides that Chris can not keep her fantasy over time, but she needs to translate something like reality. From the window of Kitty and Jenny, Margaret puts Chris out and tells her lost son. Entering the war victim's head, his shoulders fall. She loves to go home. End <br /> <br /> I read the reviews of Rebecca West's first novel. The novel was written after the first war. The movie is not clear about Jenny who is her cousin or her sister. If it were more siblings, of course, it would be more annoying. Criticism is not clear. I'm sure of West's novel, that Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller, nor Anais Nin, whose book Incest (as if he were to get upset by his childhood as a child with his father), I thought I would read it, but I decided later. Rebekas also has the need to restore Chris. He also prepares himself for society, his novel first embodies it but eventually embraces it.
