'The Around Around the Corner (1940)' is a romantic comedy that is not as good as my ending, but it is a movie that deserves its reputation. In 1940 Ernst Lubitsch made Hollywood a storm, and the famous "Lubitsch Touch" became a huge commercial brand. This movie was planned for the premiere of 1939, but the programming conflicts were useful for James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan. Instead of replacing one of its main protagonists, Lubitsch decided to delay production, while under the direction of Greta Garbo directed "Ninotchka (1939)". At the end of the day, "The Shop Around the Corner" appeared indifferent as he was nominated for an Academy Award, although he was a great screenwriter by Samson Raphaelson, and both the protagonists and the great performers of Frank Morgan. In time, however, the film has denounced a significant and lasting impact on the massive "In the Good Old Summertime (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)". The store, "The Shop Around the Corner," would have the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing each other. However, Lubitsch's film is much deeper than that. Matuschek and Company, an elegant Budapest gift shop and shops are a very close family relationship. When Hugo Matusche (Frank Morgan) is suspected of suspecting that the oldest worker with close relationships with his wife is suspected, we are witnessing the distribution of both families both at home and at work. There's no reason why the story would not be put on the United States? maybe on the blue streets of New York? But Lubitsche reminded unwanted and European reflections, before the war, love and admiration of life against fear and bloodshed. This subtle subtle gives a more personal and meaningful touch to the movie? In fact, as I write this review, I'm beginning to value the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are very beautiful in their roles, but I think that this really is a real cast. Make the movie Each character gives a unique personality to the mix, and their interactions are always incredible and agreeable. I especially liked Lubitsch's sense of guiding how he guided Hugo Matuschek with much sympathy, in any other film, immersed in a portrait of two-dimensional underdevelopment. Matusche can lose his family's love, but he has regained his love for the workers, and you feel a passionate glow in the cold weather of a Christmas storm ... boy (Charles Smith). The real warmth of an associate is similar to some of Billy Wilder's subsequent creations, Boom Boom Jackson's' The Fortune Cookie (1966) 'or' Carlo! (1972). 'Of course, it's not really necessary to say it, but Billy Wilder's best learned.
