STORE CROSSING CINEMA is one of the most delicious and most responsive comedies ever made. Simply, it's not about walking around, and it's hard to really make sense of this movie. It is not a film that tries hard, and it is not possible to happen with the strangest scenes with which the two protagonists eventually bring together. In fact, all its charms are inherent in the characters, inside and in the field and in the plot ... at a very credible start. It is very easy to imagine that this love story, which could have been as beautiful as anybody ever said ... that you often get a sense of romantic comedies, yet sweet and heart-warming. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the best meetings in the past when the store (Matuschek & Co) is working. nine years asking for a job. They hit the beginning, especially when it is open on a cigar box that plays music. The idea is wonderful; It makes a big sale and it is hired. They get their heads over the next six months, though both (unconsciously, of course!) When they love each other when they share their souls and minds when they share 237 letters of the mailbox. To start the whole movie, FROM THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER, Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) really learns that his store really understands that his stores really does, and that film will be completely amazed. his house; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's assistant and friend, always leaves the room asking for his honest opinion; Smarmy Pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) eventually turns Kralik into a glorious and direct one; Pepi Katona (William Tracy) and the secretary of office of Matuschek & Co. are only encouraged by ambitious boys. The innocent love story of the "Dear Friends" is made in this small shop in Budapest (Hungary). Kralik's dubious dismissal and two great contributors to the promotion of the following commercial sales manager. It's wonderful to get everyone a story in this movie; The good characters are well developed and Matuschek's journey in life is just as moving as Alfred and Clara. The surprise young Rudy (Charles Smith), made in the winter of Christmas, is inviting the viewer not only happy; We also take care of this story of love that is not the story of the characters. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the love story, I must say that James Stewart is one of the best things about this movie. He does not play Jimmy Stewart's full character (for which Mr. Smith Goes To Washington); Actually, Alfred Kralik is hard and violent and not particularly pleasant. It's just a rough man, with a small suggestion (maybe even to the finish line), a whirlwind of down-home charm that Stewart would soon patent. When Clara knows that he has been hiding, Kralik does not wait to see how far he can expect from "waiting", especially as he realizes (as a result of his relationship storm). With Clara leaders and subcontractors), love the person who knows him, through exchanged letters, might not love the person himself. A description of the fictional Matthias Popkin who would become his fiance. Clara's description is at the far end, but that the letter does not show a man as well as the man who demonstrates all that he shows. letters are not revealed. Stewart has always fulfilled this function; His face is completely controlled, Clara Kralikek. Every time it insults it, as usual, even (and above all) on the face. And yet, supposedly, under professionalism, as its identity may appear, it can appear its personality, with so much sincerity and sincerity and pure hope, as in the end. <br /> <br /> A special mention should also be given to other members of the cast. In the first half of the film Margaret Sullavan, it's not so well paid, but it really comes into its own on Christmas eve, as Alfred has almost broken the most intimate description of his postmate lovers. Frank Morgan performs a great performance by Hugo Matusche, jealous of nervous breakdown; The man who has to recover the meaning, has been doing it for 22 years as his wife does not want to "grow older with her". And Felix Bressart's threatening but loyal role for Pirovich is very wonderful (regular Lubitsch, which plays NINOTCHKA as a Russian playwright), especially for his good friend, Alfredo's Christmas gift. The last one * really * wants ... the wallet, instead of the cigar box toy Clara is so hungry. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is truly proud of this film - for example, Matusche's dedication to detail is a wonderful and strict attention to the Hungarian names. At the door, clothes and boxes, etc. Although Lubitsche decided to be a Hungarian tale, the environment is really universal: anywhere; it will happen to you. There, there is a charming story, really credible characters *. Christmas Eve Snow is also real, or at least as authentic as it might be, Lubitsch (who had heavy snowmobiling machines). All this to make it as real as possible, making the story more believable, a realistic dreamer that can not be a replica of the whole movie. (No, nor is it a re-enactment that was CARRIED OUT) <br /> <br /> * This * Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie when people really miss it when they talk about LIFE LESS THAN. Not to damage the merit of this movie, but it would not be harmful, and in fact, it will be very good for Christmas EVERYONE by Christmas instead of instead. It is sweet, fun and charming, and Stewart is well cared for. We should be glad that we have a love that is represented in this movie; When we move away from the best thing about this film, we feel we can do it.
