This is full of spoilers, so be careful. "Beaute" always suffers Louise Brooks with GW Pabst with "Pandora's Box" and "Lost girl's diary". "In some ways," Prix "Brooks is an essential film, without the charm of the poor side of Pabst's collaboration. The films" Prix "have no music by Pabst, the first mystical feature in Louise Brooks is full of mystique with images, songs and music With Charleston appearing to be Brooks (who was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is much more tango, Tangoa also plays the "Prix" as a "dancing music" after his dance group. , when he abandoned his reputation as a wife of jealous Andre, his desire to abandon his reputation is evident when the tango record is seen for the same tango record for his players. With a documentary about his life, "Looking for Lulu" Shirley Maclain's film is a great help, a brave and powerful quality of Tango, a strong but stylish head of Louise Brooks it's crazy <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai que amour, c'est toi" adds incredibly patosa with a horrible (but very good) movie. By the way, the voice of Brooks is not duplicated by Edith Piaf. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not found until 1935. However, this song, the character Lucienne, Brooks sings to Andre at the beginning of the movie, to encourage and express great love for him. Finally, he sings the test on his screen, which he sees with the producers and managers who intend to adapt his career. After entering the room to follow the Lady of the Virgin Mary, Andrei died and continues on the screen. In a single shot, at the bottom of the screen, Lucinener's body is dead, which continues over the screen test, Andreea continues with the song that once sung, the background of that film is not well distinguished from other forms of art. When Andre now sees his dead wife sings on the screen, the burning smoker also has a passionate smile. Today, it's forever, and through our association. <br /> <br /> With just one story, Louise Brooks crashes and burns her real life after the "Prix de Beaute", so it was the final protagonist of death. This film was sealed by Brooks mystique He does it rather than Pabst films (that is, they are definitely excellent films), and the film explains the films that make the whole of "worship" - since people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live longer after death.
