We saw the silent version of this film and it's just beautifully shiny. It's hard to know how to create a sound version, because it's shot in pure silent technique, long-term no-narrative speeches with no single intertwo - Louise Brooks keeps a confusing mix of sequel to French writer in English quite literally ... A cry for sound The only one is the last one, where Brooks views his soundtrack shows: while the continuous footage on the backs of the action takes place, his mouth moves in a continuous canticle. I recalled that it was only in the course of discussion that the passing of the passage was a model of this new technique! <br /> <br /> The unforgettable fairytale in the sunny beauty of its opening, the movie resembles a dream. I did not wait for "Louise Brooks movie," because of its Hollywood comedy or GWPabst's German melodramas: I was just plunged into talking and pleasing to it, and Brooks is another, strong creature. Disperses a young animal instead of a tampered shop or window. <br /> <br /> But the film is deeper than the beginning, it's the second unexpected part. The infatuated parasites that are piled up by its beauty, the poor princess goes back to a meeting full of her love affectionate love ... and the story is very well finished. The fairy tale becomes a tragedy. Dilettante Grabovsky, a confident manipulation of woman's desire, is quite correct in his interactive prediction - young lovers can not be happy with each other - and André, ironically, had the right to mistrust the influence of society. In beauty competitions: after the poisoning of her old age, her husband desperately wonders the usual habit of life, at the same time, to remind her of the whole affair. If it were a simple case of a wrong marriage, it would be a thing ... but the true tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it reminds us of "Beauté Prixak". In Murnau's "Sunrise". If so, the scene of the show and the photographer would appear here would be the distorted mirror of a happy reconciliation of "Sunrise", the dream is not an alienated nightmare. And the next day is not a miracle, but an empty bed and a house empty. To say that he loves a letter and he always loves to say it, Lucienne will again disappear from the life of Andrew in search of brilliance and freedom; and this time it will never return. <br /> <br /> The Gossip column accepts all the convictions of Andrew, who learns in the direction of his wife by means of reports he links with Grabovsky. When the young staff is entering the bright sanctuary at the end of the showroom, it is with a painted gun - to judge his opponent and to be laughed at Lucienne, who committed herself to the woman who committed her constant love. he left it He dies, but it can be dying that is immersed in the face of animated screens, he never saw his glory with Lucienne. Both women find themselves in a strong and never-ending moment, as André sees himself, as is unknown, and dissolves: the girls who die and their songs are projected above, time is forgotten in the eternity of the celluloid, which lives unconscious life. or death or love underneath it ... <br /> <br /> The main feature of the film is a character that is a colleague of Antonin André. It does not seem to have any role whatsoever for its authorized names. the iniquity of the contemporaries The ugly man is never able to get girls, bathtubs and bad girls tormented and tormented, and he must carry everything with a silent smile, with the hope of social acceptance: a typical product. a persecution against popular and popular, that is, the audience is invited to laugh at it, along with tormentors. Unless I intend to show the dark side of the intentions (I do not sign the sign), it seems that it only exists as a relief for comic characters, but with a sharp relief with a comical relief. As we only know when we are only aware of Tom Ineption as it is in the water, it is easy to laugh, even if the revenge of others seems to be diarrhea; We see that it is unknown to an unknown stranger, but André's colleague and ordinary friend, the ongoing attacks are very funny. <br /> <br /> But there are still remaining images. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
