I found this movie the first time I read a book written by Mitchell Leisin in the 70's. I have to admit that I have seen many of his films over the years and have found the best work of great quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was supposed to be his best. Although it was not boring, he did not touch me anymore with HOLD BACK, MONTHLY, KITTY, or GOLDEN YEARS. I think it's too much to look like now for being liked. <br /> <br /> Paramount Leisin's work had a problem when he made musical musicals. The majority of the scores worked were quite intelligent. It's true that two films featured in their films, but they were rare: "Cocktales for Two" MURDER AT THE VANITIES appeared, and "Mona Lisa" was released from CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of MURDER AT's VANITAK was forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only melody of CAPTAIN CAREY. It would not have been like that. Leisin's studio Rogers and Hart worked at the beginning of the 1930s. Why could not they assign them to a project? SWING HIGH, SWING LOW's score is nice, but without forgetting. Unfortunately, the film focuses on the world of entertainment, as Fred Macmurray shows the great talents of the trumpeter (Carole Lombard also acts in his hands when he throws his arms around his arms). The song that sings Lombardy tells the story as his lover plays. It works on the film, but it would be better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> It has a curious style of the film - Lombardian begins with an ocean-line running, as a manicure. . He is constantly stealing his boss Franklin Pangborn (barber boat). Then, the ship enters Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, who has just registered. The first scene has a nice touch with Leisin: MacMurray is talking with Lombard, on the back of the boat and on the edge of the block wall. A great way to keep up the conversation during conversation. <br /> <br /> The film continues with the decline and descent of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as it is in Lombardy, and begins as a trumpet player. , but in "another woman" she meets Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film are devoted to the collapse of the relationship with Lombard, and his collapse as a trumpet player (his appearance and the need for alcohol is very short for a MacMurray character, as well as Walter Neff or Mr. Caine Mutiny's official vessel does not prove alcohol dependence. > <br /> MacMurray, a woman who loves her but is mistaken, is very good at Lombardo, and Lamor really does not do it, but inside, but one stands out that MacMurray is trying to get rid of it: Pangborn opens it well. At that time, in the film, Carl Judels Little is MacMurray's terrifying weather. It drops underneath (even though it gives it a handed out). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is a short-lived, but one-eyed one in his hands. One keyboard, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard shared - the face is red is the shame about MacMurray being lies beneath it. it was subtle. If it were only under his influence of subtlety that his sense of humor was absurd.
