He created the Neil Simon's THE ODD COUPLE in many of his plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were not fit for the original ones. The first were incredibly clear; the latter, calmly. Simon rewrote THE NEW NEW ODD COUPLE theater plays with female playwrights in the 90s. He confused a couple (a woman with a daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. In 1973, he also received a tour of THE SUNSHINE BOYS, the Broadway short film, with Jack Alberson and Sam Levine, Al Lewis and Willie Clark, half-retired from Vaudeville. Here the "apartment" problem is reduced to a group of two men that can not be separated from each other. The 1976 films feature Walter Matthau Willie and George Burns. <br /> <br /> Actually, Al probably does not think Willie completely wrong - Willie Al's theme. First, Al had little habits, for example, when speaking with the word "t", and gradually appearing with Willie's fingertip. Secondly, when his wife Al died, he retired. Willie was not ready to retire (and her nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) wants to get jobs in ads, but Willie can not remember the lines being fun and covers them. The commercial rehearsal has come to an end. <br /> <br /> Ben has asked them to return together in one of their most famous comedies on a television show: bring Al to see Willie, and the sparks start to fly, because others can not understand what they are doing (and this is only in rehearsals, as well as Willie's changes (when small, but Al's throw), when the "ENTER" is heard when the door is played, the initial test is a failure, but Ben gets the recording of the show, which is a question that will complete the scene in the finished program, Willie's Al- He will cut the neck with necessity to remember Vaudeville Patter (for example: "Breast Pains ... Breast Impossible Breast Willie. I came Thursday and got breast pains. I get them! "So, on Fridays! ") Benjamin strives to prove his deep love for his uncle, even though Matthau's difficult parking makes it difficult (it only recognizes recognition) May day.) Matthauk Burns understands a little bit more than the reality (first), which seems to repeat itself But Matthau does not make any sense of behavior that he has denied to the world, but Burns is not a nickname - it takes things slowly, but he feels much happier by accepting his retirement. <br /> <br /> This is what I call this "Discovery of Discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark, and the old templates are gradually realizing that they are thinking more about their aging than they think, although Willie admits that Al might be a pain in her nails, But he was a fun man. <br /> <br /> Burns did not have the original "Al Lewis" part of the (su Poundedly Dale group Smit h and Dale). He was Jack Benny. Benny probably did a good job, but he was expelled from ill health (he died in 1975). Burns (the narrator who participated in the last film THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956) was a great playwright, best actor for "Oscar", and had a career in the next decade. OH GOD! OH GOD, SO; and the style to go. In 1996, he was killed at age 100 and proved that Gracie Allan was just a straightforward man.
