"Miracles still Happen" I've seen it four times. I do not tire of that fantastic movie. From the beginning, it has the interests of a person. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very lively, as this young girl only survives and tries to feel terrified in the Amazon, the only survivor behind an airplane crash. The loss of motherhood in this plane accident makes this dramatic film even more dramatic in view of the dangers that this young girl had to endure during the ten days of Amazonia. Thinking about this is not unreal and thinking that someone can survive it is impossible to think of wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and many wildlife and insects. When the movie progresses, we see many dangers facing this girl while waiting for her to move the river to a town. My father remembers how he will lead the wind to the river and then take him to a larger river, which means that he will eventually lead to a community. This young girl keeps track of the stream that leads to a giant river. throughout the movie. Sometimes, if you were to swim in dangerous waters, alone, afraid, wounded, he always moved forward. At the end of this film, it was obvious that he would not last for ten days longer, and had only drinking water and was very dangerous and tired of his danger. Finally, while watching the canoe, he realizes that there must be a country and the man finds it and they take care of it and it will take him to the hospital where his father comes to the hospital, fearing that he was dead. Such a dramatic and so rich movie to see the face of his father is still alive when he is still alive in the Amazon! Such films are not much in those days. I'll see again and I do not know anything. This girl is the only survivor of this aircraft, it's unthinkable! In addition, he only maintained very slight wounds, even more noticeable in the horrific crash in the Amazonas wildlife. An excellent movie that plays very well and will permanently rise and I still see love! For me it is highly recommended to be sure!
