It was considered "as the Swiss Lord's Rings", but much more than that. It's not a response, it's something new in itself, something fun and sometimes quite stupid and stupid - but Monty Python was different than white? <br /> <br /> Immediately this is indicated. The movie is a small budget and it should not be taken seriously. Cardboard clouds form the chains that are on the plane sitting on the main character. But, to compensate for the lack of special effects, the landscape is misleading. It's absolutely beautiful and amazing - Which New Zealand needs, all Switzerland has. <br /> <br /> I liked the simple and obvious passion and energy that I liked about the movie. It is not excellent; However, we have humorous fragments. Friedo would convince Edward Piccin, it would be enough to watch the movie! There are good jokes, some are very hands, some of them will not be understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked Uruk Hai instead of "Urucows". Friedo, "Pupsi," I loved the scene that decides to take a telehobbie on his journey. It is also very funny, Rackarolle decides that the knight of the sword fight will appear on the sword and then breaks it into a wall that breaks down. And the characters "Nazgul-Ish" have a comical scene with a toilet brush ... And I did not admit Schleimli, the idea of ​​the "Gollum" ring that used the nature of the ladies to "seduce" the order. That was a bit unstoppable. Lord Sauraus had no idea that he wanted to cover fondue land. Original, definitely, but not excellent. But, above all, I do not like the idea of ​​a dragon dragon, that was not necessary. All in all, it is recommended to watch the movie because it is so crazy and completely trashy. Do not expect LotR to be a parody like "Spaceballs" was Star Wars. But if you think that it will be a fun afternoon, it will not be for you anymore. I am not sure how to work in other languages, because of the Swiss dialects and jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> Anyway: he made the Swiss crew brave!
