This film reminds us of the 42nd Street featuring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When he watched this movie a lot, he reminded me of the street 42, especially the character that stars Eloise, and ends and breaks his ankle, as Bebe Daniels 42 did and gets another performer and has become a star. . This movie, like most movie races, keeps people from watching for great entertainment. Race movies have always shown that Black Entertainment was very popular at the time. He loves dance styles, music, dress styles. If it was a great movie made in Hollywood, it would have better landscapes, better movies and more money would be the best movies. But it's worth seeing, because it's good, and Micheaux does well with a bit. I need to get out of every Micheaux movie, Swing is the best! Today's singers, dancers, actors and well-known actors. Doli Armena is a wonderful trumpeter who can knock on the good horn that Gabriel passes through the horn in the sky. Consuela Harris could hurt sexy and hot dancer Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Add more information ... Popular 20s and 30s blues. It's the star of Cora Green. She is Mandy, a woman who works hard and does not have a man who works hard with another woman. A neighbor neighbors by Amanda Randolph can see and hear Mandy and Mandy goes down to the club and caught her with an attractive woman named Eloise (Hazel Diaz, Hot-Cha, 30s). And a fight arises. Then, he goes to Mandy Harlem, where she met with a careful Lena angel playing Lena Dorothy Van Engle. Lena House, a work and a Mandy star make Cora Smith awesome (the song played by Hazel, played in two parts or maybe it's called) helps the show ruin its bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and her leg breaks, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right, Lena is well and a star is born in Mandyn. It's a great producer of tall, long, cans, but beautiful Carman Newsome Lena. Larry Seymour, a good guy, is not considered good, but after Lena's threat, he can look. It seems that there are some events but Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) is a part that tries to do it later, and everyone goes, and then he enters his man and frustrates him, but it's not enough. He's struggling almost with Mandy again. Among them, there is an excellent entertainment including choirs, dancers, dancers, dance music and blues singers. Even though I see people in the field of entertainment, I wonder where Micheaux has found them, even though blacks and whites come together in a scene, as Micheaux often incorporates whites and whites in their films. <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed the first movie and presented it to me with Oscar Micheaux. This movie is one of the best film genres in the race, a story behind the show and incidents. <br /> <br /> No running movies could not be the best, they can not compare Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movie, but watch out for film and black films because they add them, because they give a look at black and black life. entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films allowed people of all walks of life to play, to be beautiful, elegant and stylish, not just stereotypes or white feelings in black-and-white figures. Most of the actors and actors in these races were not the best, but they were the only ones that were at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington. Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and larger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white film directors would play nightclubs in their films, some were good, some were not actors and actors, but I think Micheaux. others did not have good actors and actors, but they used more than just a talented talent, they wanted to tell their stories, and many black translators brought out their true talents in movies. Several feature films / feature films were the only types of films that could get the job, especially if they do not want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so you can watch the nightclub performers as real actors. . These races are very historical, they were lost forever, many were lost, maybe racing movies are not the best example of cinema, but Hollywood movies did not start from the beginning. I think if the genre of the race genre continues, it would be better. If you're looking for good activities, most of the races are not those, but if you're looking for a real horror entertainment show, and cinema should be as black as portraits rather than watching the race movies. There are several fun races of movies with a good performance, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle in Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, is a good entertainment but not only good.
