I have not read Kurt Vonnegut's mother's night yet (I've also read other books, great pieces of satire and game changes). After seeing his book adaptation of Keith Gordon, he must read it immediately in the near future. I'm sure that material that I did not film in 1995/96 would soon meet today's time / current-time Holocaust / WW2 movies. . It's much darker than that, though it's even more resonant, than the real life of the role and the real life of life after the war by Reader. There's a risk of pretending to be in warfare, it's really WW2 spy. <br /> <br /> It would be a night if Mother Gays had a deep emotion script and a script. The moral and constant role, even after the end of the war, is how complex Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), that is. However, it is a great feature of cinematographic technique. Keith Gordon is not really someone who thinks I'm a hard-working director (so I think it's an actress, she's very curiously in Vonnegut's own way to Back to School), but that's the revelation. The story of Campbell takes it as a story of a fragile life: the German propaganda master ("left alone in Berlin"), the Americans have never seen a spy as their identity and before the playwright. who really was a "two nation", himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). In 1961 he was still awaiting trial in Israel, he writes his books and tells the disillusionment of being "disgusted", and then in 1960 he was hiding in New York's apartment. Most of the movie takes place. <br /> <br /> Mother tonight can be quite heavy at a level that can be combined with a pianist, but in another emotional brain. Gordon, through Vonnegut, has nothing to do with a man who makes nothing but a memorable memory (and later a strange transposition later) that he has returned to his sister. NYC, therefore, left his own device with the help of a painter (Alan Arkin, very good here) and then naked among the supremacist bulletin. Wackos moved to his apartment. The surface should be just a live spy story, but it's not easy. The life of this man is amazing, but, after all, it's his choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be looked at for a few hours, but the same conclusions (and, to be sure, Goebbels said), the more likely they are to achieve, the more likely they are to lie, the more they think. This is the beginning of lies and few except those who know their secret and power. <br /> <br /> But, it would be a matter if it were just a fascinating and tragic story, or if there is another. The shows were very amazing (that is: Nolte is here better, and Sheryl Lee, Twin Peaks could remember Laura Palmer, who has a lot of roles in her mind, especially when she reveals the scene, it's not "really. - Helga). Also, it's filmed with gorgeous films, a brilliant illumination that reflects the state of this character, or we only see the colors of the time (see the scene that sees Campbell's oldest movie shooting a younger car), the juxtaposition of the faces is great.) And the music's selections are tragedy They rise, they argue that part of the music is too much, but in other cases it raises the material over its own dramatic dimensions and causes solemnity about human nature. <br /> <br /> There is not always an easy movie, emotionally, and Some lies have a "whoa" tension in any spy story. But Vonnegut's subversion lasts, life's way of life, imitation of life, life im He who puts it up, imitates death, and becomes something worthy of remembrance. I still do not know if the book is better than film (or vice versa), but it's difficult for me to recommend if you do not recommend this master's story story about the second World War / Holocaust.
