Howard W. Campbell, Jr. American playwright (as Nick Nolt's obsolete story) is glad to live in Germany at the beginning of WWII, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee). The climax of his life was written by a US agent Howard (John Goodman) to become a spy on the allies' names; On the dangers of the work she unconsciously loses all of Howard, but the offer is unknown. After his wife's death and ending the war, Campbell camouflaged the anonymity of a lonely life in New York, whose neurosis moved even more. The main question (a question that many critics have frustrated) and Kurt Vonnegut's novel is that "is Campbell hero or treacherous?" Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide provide us with clues, but they do not answer, and this ambiguity is NOT that "Mother Mother" keeps the night fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolt shows Campbell intelligent and confident; At the end, he is afraid and uncertain, or fear and completely confident his role of contribution / debt to humanity's war. Gordon applies an immense sword in the images of the first half of the film, forming a portrait of the national bourgeoisie and capturing the dramatic aspect of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell confined himself to the solitary apartment in New York (called "purgatory"), he only found a group of Nazis, and the humor created is also a hallmark of the author and gives him a temporary break. from the dramatic tension that develops. The moral paradox (even spiritual) of "mother-in-law" is not a simple solution, and, to a certain extent, it is ambiguous to look at Campbell's white-white scene with bad space, while there is a hint without a suggestion from Israel to be imprisoned Campbell suggests that the inner workings are a very little known character. He changed his life and returned to America, and he preferred to go to the New York Nation until his "action" front was even longer, just to look at a projected image. on a wall, throwing anti-semitic bile. The best reaction we hope is.
