A magical moment of life, a confusing whirlwind that views the beautiful innocence of childhood and maturity. . . this is the movie <br /> <br /> Danni (Reese Witherspoon is great) starts at the moment when the movie starts. He feels like Elvis, plays his records and thinks he loves. Maureen's sister will soon be in college, who has no problem in attracting boys, though she is beautiful and seems to have nothing to do with it. He also dated a local loser after his father, and it would be enough to find a decent boy and throw himself at his feet. Like most teens, Danni may be someone else, but it may be the only thing that most teenagers think is not enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see herself beautiful. <br /> <br /> When he begins to take care of his whole life, he knows Foster's court for the first time. The court that killed his father recently went to his former farm to work with his mother and two young brothers. He has taken responsibility for having fun. In a specific warm day, he goes to the pond and jumps only to find Danni skinny dipping. They hate and argue and leave Danni. But they are seen together one day later, the Court invites mother Dannira to visit old friends (Danni's Parents). Danni pays tribute to the Court and Court of Danni. It's a paintbrush and it's a tailor, it looks and takes it into account. <br /> <br /> The Court has 17 and Danni 14 and knows, but they continue to approach their day at the pond between the farmhouse. If the court kisses on the day, Danni is down. Danniren's father invites him to invite him home and he does that. But things are not very pleasing to the Court as its "date". Silence has broken Maureen, who has not yet seen the Court. Looks and appearance of all. Pain and defeat In the face of Danni they are beautiful in life, true and painful lives. I do not tell the rest of the movie, but it has more than one boy and a relationship between two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the movies depicts the beautiful and painful moments of his life. and the relationship between the sisters of two boys who love love, and the love they have to endure pain together and one by one. Dan finally enters into the world when the world thinks it is unjust, painful, and perhaps even more promising, when the world begins. There are few movies that surprise the childhood and adulthood are so successful. I saw that movie I saw for the first time in my head. It's in my Top 100 movies, and that's why. I want to do more films like that, if so. . . Hollywood's faith would be much better.
