When I heard about this show, I heard a lot about it and got some good reviews. I saw the first episode of "Fairy Tale Court", as he proclaims himself, and has really binded me. Since then I love it. This show has a good humor and it's fun to see such a good show. The inflatables are superb as the characters, and I would not want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know about this show, Pushing Daisies is standing around a man named Ned (The Pie Maker, when Lee Pace played a special gift when a boy was there: he could take the deceit with a finger. His dog, Digby, made it, but the catch is that if more than one minute survives a dead man, another will die, and he learned that when his mother was alive, father of the twin childhood died at Neden's place. If the spoiler touches the person again, they are dying again, but this time it's okay. He learned that when his mother kissed him tonight, he took him to a boarding school and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned was a pastry bakery known as "The Pie Hole." Oliver Snook (Ned's), a colleague, Kristin Chenoweth, is in Ned, but Ned- his movements move away Entiéndase, procure a alguien, aprender de las experiencias pasadas. The private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) found a gift from Ned and decided to settle a murder. Ned hits the victim, asks who killed him, and when that minute is over, he touches again and fixes it. They solve this way. In all episodes, murders have plots that are very interesting and people are least expected. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned has found his childhood dear, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel) to solve his next murder. . It brings life and decides to break the rules and keep alive. Instead, the funeral director, who stole corpses, died. When Emerson finds out, and if he wants to kill Chuck, he does not agree, we call Chuck "Dead girl". All of them are hidden by Olive, Chuck's Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and if anyone knows someone unnoticed, news, etc., Vivian and Lily, for the first time synchronized. Some swimmers did not leave the house for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck decide to work together. Ned and Chuck love each other, but they can not touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is fun, it has great characters, it has a large plot and will definitely make you feel. I do not expect to be canceled in 13 episodes.
