"Pushing Daisies" is surely one of the best shows of the genre of the last 5 years, whether you agree or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has a wonderful creative spirit. Another good TV show is "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and another great, but also "Heroes" (2006). It is a blend of wonderful worlds created in the previous series, once again blending an amazing fantasy world, hidden in people of colorful images and excessive emotions, always in love with a fairytale. So, being a kind of fairy, you can not expect more than realistic and unexpected situations, or a lot of expected situations, but as they would normally not be told. <br /> <br /> The gift always comes. with a curse, and sweet may be too bitter. Therefore, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a very interesting gift, which is more interesting than having an amazing chef: the dead can give life a touch. It could be the power that everybody could kill or throw away. Indeed, if it is not for a simple and sad thing else, it also gives them back the dead forever. The curse of this stunning gift does not stop ... everything has an indemnity and, if it brings nothing more than a minute, another species would die immediately. He is a man full of unhappy events in life, growing introspectively, afraid of touching everything and losing one thing that he loved one day. Until today, the love of the last childhood, Chuck (Anna Friel) could have been close, unless he had another sad act: he was dead. He gave life back and he loved him as much as he loved, but that love is untouchable. Really kissing death And so this beautiful modern fairy begins. When I first heard about "Pushing Daisies", Tim Burton encouraged everything that is very popular (or maybe a tribute). Since "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985), "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005) have been created. The results can not be better. The world around the pie hole was excellent. The stories about Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) can be commonly used on television, but that's how Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) are driving people in wonderful characters. a beautiful and dreamy image that you can detect with beautiful colors. Not only does this, but also the soft characters and charismatic bumps, even those with the deep darkest bodies. <br /> <br /> Without forgetting the trivial concept of murder and criminal solutions, they are spectacles and many are victorious. Actors here are the main notes. Lee Pace is tender, as soft as the person likes. Anna Friel is a muse of the show, which is her character. However, the best moments are always supporting actors: Chi McBride (Emmerson Cod Detective), Swoozie Kurtz (Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz reveals a horrified character, when he strikes a horror of a clown with an impossible dark humor, with the best conversations and his expressions and fascinating body language. However, if Swoozy and his characters provide the best conversations, Kristin Chenoweth will give them the best moments. It seems to be improvising all the time, so it's so funny that every scene is ignored. Kristin is so bright in 2009 that Emmy won the show, which was very fair and worthy. Similarly, the chemistry between actors and their characters is amazing. <br /> <br /> There is no word for expressing what this TV show really is and what it wants to be. For those who think that this show is a waste of time or no sense, you must be sure to open themselves up and probably have never reached a time when they were childhood. <br /> <br /> Actually ... it's never so bold for television as this stunning television. "Pushing Daisies" has been a great breakthrough in the field of great art entertainment and suddenly has had little death. Actually, television does not have a respect for television movies that is exaggerated by Bryan Fuller's "Heroes" and is as amazing as others.
