After reading two or three negative reviews on the main page of the IMDb, "Pushing Daisies", and finally, a few minutes before the last episode, I thought I had the time I thought. <br /> </ br> First of all, to see some issues that other people see with this show: "I hope the people of the dead will have a more realistic reaction." Realistic, this show? Pushing Daisies is really pure and utter escapism. Color palette, used conversation, scenes, situations, music: everything, for me, is just a leap of everyday life. The world and a boring escape. It is here that Pushing Daisies exceptionally overcomes Pushing Daisies not for everyone: most of the television viewers do not "get", even for some people, and for that reason. But for people like me I also saw from the first episode (Season 2 "Frescorts") and it just gave me the show. From now on, I have purchased both of the paintings and I have hardly ever extracted from my DVD player. I know that other people can not play it, it seems that it's really like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The Ned show, Piemaker's adventures continue with a magical finger, because it brings Charlotte Charles to a dear childhood. Emerson Cod works with private investigator, who owns the Pie-hole and authorizes the server to Olive Snook. Forming the leading actors, they are Aunt Lily and Vivian, when Charlott (Chuck) can never see. The dead live in a fantasy world that resurges life; Everything is shown with a brightly colored star and Jim Dale tells. <br /> <br /> I'm just setting the basics of the show. It really can not be praised as much as you can: just see. Although writer Writer Guild of America struck 22 episodes alone, he gave plots, lines, characters and wonderful situations (for me) that gave me an end to satisfaction (yes, I could say it. He was late and ran, but still I was glad how it came out.) Whether it's creative or unfathomable, I've had a wonderful and wonderful view for many people (including myself), and I expect the future of television to create such shows, I have just left 22. Reminder of a 40 minute remembrance.
