Fanshawe, a young doctor (Mark Letheren), is an ardent archaeologist, sent to Squire Richards (Pip Torrens) in the big country of his museum's headquarters. In it, he wants to collect the collection of ancient and curiosities. Squire's father recently killed. Squire was surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, she was not waiting for a week, but she welcomes her and only gets her official, Patten (David Burke ... Dr. Watson's reputation) to show her in her room. Because Fanshawe needs to spend a few days to complete a fair amount of work. It seems that it is not the most pleasant way and it seems that it is a close job that will bring Fanshawe's visit to the empty house, offering endless cuisine, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is absurd, very clear and precise, with all his place, despite his clothes or books and papers, he is bored with dirt in his room. There is no need to say that he is eager to start his job, but he finds himself unpacked that his binoculars have been damaged, so he asks Squire to get the pair of representatives. Such things, too, are too much to be overtaken by the house, and Fanshawe is forced to go over the top of the hill to explore real estate and surrounding villages, where the squire moves to the points of interest. With Gallows Hill hanging over their crimes and mistakes, Squire also embraces a local abbey that describes the local abbey as a ruin, but clearly shows that Fanshawe's binocular clearly does not work, investigates, and pays . Are you a visit to the Abbey area and you are surprised to find that there are only some of the stone remains? Fanshawe does not think too much about how he's falling in the darkness about that reflection, he feels he's in presence, he sees the shadows floating in the woods, he's angry at home. Publishes Squire for details on his wonderful date for dinner, Patten suggests a story and a description of it ... Binoculars! They were from a local man named Baxter, who collected the bones and skulls of Gallows Hill, who cooked some cakes, and when Baxter had disappeared mysteriously in a night, Late Squire bought his stuff, including the mask. made from ancient cranial and surrounding recordings. These engravings fascinate Fanshawe, as he portrayed in binoculars as they portray the Abbey, but learns that the Abbey was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, so it would not be possible for Baxter to draw drawings, which are less likely to be signed. Since Baxter dated to the last past, he concludes that the binocular has a special power. That night he has a lot of dreams, he wakes up with binoculars, so they can approach the abbey through them. That shocked me, but does that endanger it? Fanshawe is eventually trapped in a dangerous obsession with darkness who is looking for Squire and the search party, who are looking for an archaeologist who is missing out there, they will see ten crows over the Gallows HIll, but they will accelerate their speed, but their fate will be Fanshawe In the protection or saving time? Ghost Story of the BBC's BBC, unfortunately, has finished the first films he made with The Ice House in 1978, mostly with M.R. According to James's work. In 2005 and 2006, a short series and fortunately revived A View from a Hill also marked the return of James's work, whose ghostly spirit saw many readers. The new series director, Luke Watson, worries about older filmmakers, but later returns movies that immediately bring it to a fantastic fantasy story. His direction makes sure he works for the masters and gradually creates fear in the horrific moment that keeps the viewer at least, thereby increasing tension and mystery. It offers autumnal countryside, future crazy events that are falling down on the leaves and sunshine on the ground floor. The work to be done is excellent and is reflected in their operation. The idea behind the binocular is very simple, but very effective; An object created by humans can be seen to see supernatural beings and events, although Álex de la Iglesia may influence the room of the child (2006). The next year, it has a great resemblance. I heard mixed opinions about this specific movie, but I thought they were fascinated at that moment and although I thought some hairs on my head and they gave me some horrors, I think something much happens these days. All this negativity will depend on the film, that is, the perfection of my eyes, but the slow death of modern audiences. It's been a lot of time, even when it's 40 minutes long, in the development of characters and in the spread of land, and I have to say my favorite and definitely one of the best films of the decade.
