In 2005, he saw three filmed productions of H. G. Wells's "War of the Worlds". This is perhaps the most popular and probably best. Another version of Wotw has never tried to write the story more than once, as Wells did, but at the same time it was the time to create an atmosphere: XIX. In the last century, 1900 ?? Using Wells's original setting, near Woking and England. <br /> <br /> The review seems like "spoilers". It is possible to apply it with some movies, which might be surprising at the end, but one of the most famous novels in the world seems to be very bad. I do not feel synonymous with people who have not left reading an essential piece of English literature, so we'll go after it. Aliens have been captured by an Earth disease that was destroyed, and they have no immunity against it. So, if it's a spoiler; After a book and three other films (including classical 1953), you should know how it ends. <br /> <br /> Wellsen's plot is still very well presented? As many spectators could shut out, XIX. at the end of the 20th and twentieth Ignorance of the early photography of the century. Although shot in the screen of a movie-like movie, the film goes back to some time, to give it a look at the nature of that era. Overall skin and skin colors often find old (not black) photos. The colors often reminiscent of manual colors. Other times, the colors are cleared. These changes are the first films that do not use the standard celluloid standard; therefore, many print quality variations have been presented, even black / white, sepia / whites and blue / white and red / white ... as you will see occasionally. Are special effects deliberately retrograde, too, at the end of the 1920s? and, nevertheless, Wells describes the Martians and their machines much more, and they feel almost "realistic". Are some effects really difficult? For example, destroying Big Ben. This event is in the style of that time than ours. Victorian dresses could be extravagant, especially the use of a shiny or shiny head and face hair. <br /> <br /> Is this movie the only one that follows some of Wells's close story? as stated. The viewers can find out about the details contained in other versions of the story here. Wells description to the Martians? Is there a huge head tentacles? it is effectively depicted. When Martian machines enter an hour and a half, Wells describes how well he described. Both Wells and this film make an excellent effort for the martyrs, from a narrow England point of view. plus some scenes in London (along with the narrator's brother). The director can not predict an important milestone (Big Ben), but at least he has no doubt about destroying London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is not surprising. Despite the destruction of cannons from his machines. The narrator, looking to escape, Wells sees a lot of "human path". There is much pride and high-nervous Victorian personality. Finally, they find themselves at the edge of a Martiar nest, where they know a great event: martyrs are vampires who consume their prey in a meaningful lifestyle. After adding Wells, they created a "long and joyful hooting". In the end, the narrator is nonsense and increasingly hysterical carer? The Martians recover when they arrive at the galleries (galleries, brave British people are so often confused). <br /> <br /> This film lasts almost 3 hours, with the story of Wells well detailed. . Has the time to get the result? a solid presentation based on a dramatic effect. A play about the play: do not expect to give a prize. Not bad, however, the actors are serious and you grow up. Most of them, on the other hand, have had a very short film career, often in this film. The narrator plays Anthony Piana hunky in his second film. Does John Kaufman? as well as his second film as an actor, but with direct experience. Brother ("Henderson"), W. Bernard Bauman believes in his first film. Artilleryman, on the other hand, plays James Lathrop in his first movie. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a great movie, as the portrayal of the Wells world's first war of the world. Despite minor failures, it is much better than its competitors. Would you like to see the H. Wells World War II? and is not it so distorted version? watch this movie!
