Imagine that you can have whatever you want, whatever you want to go to, you should have been something you have never dreamed of through thought. Now, imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Was your power worthy of your soul? Christopher Pike's captain, "The Cage," is the problem with the original pilot episode of the Star Trek series. Although NBC's "very brains" and "colds", the "Cage" was the biggest and most expensive rider in history, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let all of his efforts and expenses sink, Star Trek A classic passage, called "The Cage," which extends the emotional and philosophical depth of this deep and philosophical tale. from the first series of science fiction stories ever created on the small screen ... Star Data 3012: USS Enterprise Starbase 11 is diverted after Spock received a special message from the former Commander-in-Chief of Enterprise. Surprisingly, the message can not be the captain Pike, because it is now in a wheelchair, when there is a stalemate and silence due to a tragic accident. Official Kirkek and Starbase Commodore Mendez try to get under the mystery, but before the matter is cleared, Spock still mutates openly for reasons of unknown reason, kidnapping Sponsor Pike, and seizing Enterprise. With the help of some of Vulcan's nerve bit support. The company is soon away from the remote area of ​​Talos IV. Méndez informs that Kirk Talos IV is forbidden, and it means that any Starfleet ship or personnel planet will lead to a death sentence immediately, as Spock himself deliberately destroys, and Kirk, the captain will be responsible. for ship activities. Afraid, Kirk and Mendez dispose of claws, which makes it dangerous if the company does not want to answer calls or retrieve craftsmanship. Spock - Knowing that Kirk must be the successor of the ship - of course he can not send the captain to a certain death. After recovering the boats, when the ships were shipped, Spock reveals what he did with McCoy and demands arrest after the revolutionary star of Talos IV. Upon confirmation of the command, Kirk asks for an explanation, Spock immediately asks the martial court of the officers of the Starfleet Official Commanders - three of which are in the boat - Mendeley, Kirk, and the unpredictable captain Pike. The encyclopaedic knowledge of Spock's Starfleet rule allows the Court to refrain from accepting other evidence. Spock presents videos of the single contact between the Federation and Talos IV residents. The trip that he had done 13 years before he was under the command of Pike. Kirk questions the authenticity of the video for its extreme details, but Pike has reaffirmed the reality of the events that he has called, called by the so-called surviving calls of a Federation investigation. He rescinded the ship 18 years earlier. Among the survivors, Vina is a wonderful beauty born before the catastrophe. Pike is attracted to the girl and is able to take her to the isolated place, and the Talosians capture and capture the race of androgynous human cannon, a tremendous cranial ability and a virtual reality that is capable of transforming thoughts. After the capture of Pike, the remaining "survivors" disappear, nowhere was it really except Vina. The episodes that the Court spokes the "evidence" of Spock from Talos IV directly to the Company directly, has violated Starfleet's regulations. Starfleet asks for an immediate suspension of the transmissions and the next question is what will happen ... Follow the review "The Menagerie: Part II"!
