The Menagerie team was one and only two, the only second parter of the Trek series of the original three-series, and Roddenberry was the first to add the 1st part of the "Cage" pilot. Movement was necessary to achieve incidents that could lead to problems caused by deadlines (for example, the 60s SF show was a hassle in time). As a result, a positive result was that the viewers, who were almost unknown almost two years earlier, treated all the new riders and captains over two regular chapters on regular characters, as if the producer had doubled the amount of money from these episodes to present an epic television about a dozen years of television history They still use terms such as 'United Space Fleet' in their first episodes. <br /> <br /> The mysterious plot of space begins with the story story: The company is diverted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and soon Spock is a suspect. Surprisingly, even though McCoy could not have been able to use Spock's Vulcan heritage, even though Spock's Spock's extreme scheme depicts our precious star as Shanghai and Pike have kidnapped his former captain. Well, Spock is half human, we forget it. Or is it crazy? It is likely that Enterprise is referring to Talos IV, the only one who knows the death penalty in the Starfleet books outside of this planet. When the stamp rises, Spock's superb scene is giving off McCoy's shock. Although Kirk does not have to be a stable captain, he does not know what to do with the logic of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In 3rd and final events, we will start to see the images of a mission sent. The company, 13 years before, when the captain ordered Pike and was one of his official Spock. We do not know what it really is and where Spock gets the hope, which is a very good 2-parter. We need to know what is in the second half. Spock suffers penalties, but it seems that Kirk can finish the route. Dual risk, people. This is also the first episode of television, showing one of these planes (they were not really needed when manuals were available in "The Enemy Within"). In addition, there is also one of the narrow boxes to transmit a star star star. It was then the only way to see these things. Finally, look at Kirk's close approach to the beginning - the boy, things must go sideways as the story progresses.
