Oh dear. "Oireland" and another example of religion. Certainly, the IRA's "hunky freedoms and macho fighters" show some nonsensical absurdity. Well, that's where the initial reaction began when the credits started, after an hour and a half, I was in a bad state. What a wonderful movie <br /> <br /> The story begins in the 1950s with Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly. There is a small problem marrying in the Catholic Church and Sheila is a Protestant, but she is committed to becoming a Marriage Sheila, whose children are Catholic and participate in the Catholic school. again as old. This story, set in the 1950s, goes on for a few years when Cloney's daughter begins school, but Sheila's local protester has decided to go to school, with the desire of local priest Stafford. From there, climbing <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and say that, despite Irish protesters and Protestant protesters, I have appeared as an agnostic and I think that I am atheist during my adult life. In fact, as far as religion is concerned, I am a Marxist and a cynical weapon used to manipulate religion. LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens to one's own moral guardians designated by others to think and believe. If Karl Marx would like to see this movie and would like to see it as a masterpiece? Perhaps I would not have the story of this story when it comes to others when your thoughts show what happens. <br /> <br /> This is a bad propaganda that responds to a couple of reviewers who claimed this movie. We do not know the specific details about the county of Wexford and it does not deny that Father Stafford and his sheep are not considered Catholics, but Sheila is not a blame. Think of a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s. Ireland commits herself to bring her children as Catholic, and then will they change and believe that they are not a consequence? It is a compromise warning and does not stop them. Not only that, but it disappears to get the pieces that break their lives. On the other hand, no one has received anything and that is the only character with any moral sense, Andy Bailey, the former man of the IRA, who has been a former member of the IRA (because it changes). We're not here talking about DEVIL'S OWN), but it's just an atheist who has decided to think himself <br /> <br /> LOVE DIVIDED. It's a great movie to say to yourself, all I agree with. If there is a kind of criticism, he feels more than one TVM film, but I believe that I live and see anyone who thinks religion is a mass opium.
