Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence are required to do justice to this brilliant cinema function. However, I will go. <br /> <br /> With respect to Hamlet adaptations, they start better than all other versions, because it plays the whole play. However, this is not a guarantee of a primary movie or even a good one. I am not usually much longer films, and nowadays it seems to be the main Hollywood trends; For the film must be at least two hours long, if possible, three, which is unexpectedly long. There are few stories to deal with high-potential exploration and make some cuts. Making a four-hour movie and being interesting is not a small compromise, but Kenneth Branagh comes up with fast-paced colors. A long movie does not look like anything other than the average movie. I was completely trapped from the beginning to the end. <br /> <br /> An excellent job is great with Kenneth Branagh as the painful prince. She transmits her feelings explicitly in her voices, and no one should be an expert verse in Shakespeare to capture a lot of emotions inside her. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what I really expected. I always liked being an actor, but it was not certain to go to Shakespeare. He certainly definitely eliminated all the doubts with his performance. I saw Ophelia the best and she was deeply dedicated to that character and it was just wonderful. Other great performances Derek Jacobi Klaudio, Richard Briers and Polonius and Nicholas Farrell are Horatio. Branagh has been using internationally renowned stars to play in some small roles; I especially liked the challenge between Hamlet and Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> XIX. The play of the 19th century has changed dramatically to darkest settings. They are much lighter than those seen, more colorful and luxurious, but this does not play the tragedy of the play. It is sober, stylish and aesthetically pleasing, with the pleasure of eye and other senses. It's always a magic music by Patrick Doyle and the movie is well-adjusted. After seeing that, he feels a deep feeling of satisfaction only. I am surprised and amazed that this magnificent piece of art did not win the Academy Award for the best picture, because it did not even name it. There is no good film that year or even another year for that. This is as close as perfection to the hoped-for achievement. <br /> <br /> In short, the work of pure genius is huge and I can not see that someone overcomes it. My white hat, Mr Branagh.
