A lot of people do not think that Branagh Hamlet's all that good is, but I think I have to admit it is wonderful. Like Shakespeare's almost all productions, he has problems and has had a tough chance, they all do not work. For all "Secret Doors", for example, it does not work. This element is never a metaphor or analogous feeling that strives to achieve, the loss of the theater is very bad and the loss of commercial mystery mysteries. This is the main problem of this production. And despite being a biggie, I also feel that it is the only problem. Everything else is almost beautiful. Okay, so Branagh is an ancient myth. And it seems that the relationship with the Ofella is a bit more complicated. And sometimes it's also hysterical. But that is it. No other complaints. With these errors, I believe that this version is very basic, and although it should not be as powerful as the drama it should be, it is a literary work that must be the same. We get the full text of the longest version of the play, which has brought it on the screen with novelty and costly features, especially those that are perfect and modern voices and understandable voices - sometimes too much to talk about for massive text. In Shakespeare's staging, however, it is not enough to speak slowly about the audience's full potential. To do this, you must immerse yourself in the versions of theatrical versions. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are classics that are amazing and completely classical (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie, Gertrude is probably one of the best ever, and even American actors are surprising. Charlton Heston is the King of the Games, who would think? (A story surrounding Heston's playing at the Hamlet theater, and a critique in front could not perform his hammock performance and aloud: "This is horrible!" Well, I do not write any head! "Of course, it might not be true, But it's a funny story - and if it's true, Branagh is the brave and ironic choice that Hakaga has to enter. "Robin Williams" Young Ozric "may not be enough for the young, but it's a comic because it's justified. <br /> < br /> In general, it's a very well-developed version, I think most of the scenes in my mind, very memorable. Obviously, I saw the movie Shakespeare (and at the same time Luhrmann's fascinated Romeo + Romeo + Juliet) and made a great impression It's a must to consider some of my likes. <br /> <br /> Considering all the things, I have to say Branaghen Hamlet my favorite, Derek Jacob's second-generation BBC version of 1980. Branch's Shakespear What I like most is to find an expert interpreter and disseminator with an attractive and cheerful attitude with the words and a thorough and appropriate estimate of the text. In the Shakespeare play world, the two brightest lights remain in Olivier and Branagh, while Olivier is the main actor, the downfall of Branagh Shakespeare's dreadful snobbery and artifice, and transforms the real, easy and populist world into a real world. no dignity Branagh, I think, highlights the world as well as Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> So, 10 out of 10 from the Hamlet is absolutely horrible.
