When I read Hamlet, I could not imagine that when OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE was over, Bette Midler played a playwright because they were absurd and "Give me Romeo on the day." How many of the men who are trying to decide whether or not to kill a child? I was happy But with more reading, I really appreciated the play. I have seen the versions of Olivier and Gibson (and parts of the version of Nicol Williamson) and they all take on Olivier's models; Melancholic dam Olivier asked, at least, to himself, but since Gibson and I've seen, Williamson says, "Look, Ma, I'm acting, they seem to play it! I'm watching it!" school. <br /> <br /> Now comes the Kenneth Branagh version, from the beginning to the end is wonderful. In 1996 my second position ended in the second decade (behind PAZANESE ENGLISH, and LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, I love you ALL OF YOU, HELL YOU SUPPORT, NATURAL, AND RICHARD BILA), and Hamlet is the best, and maybe Shakespeare's best shot. Obviously, his talent as a filmmaker in Branagh, a full-length version, 70 mm print, and four hours of uninteresting interest, is very good, but it's a role that he does not seem to forget in his debates about this film. . That year's favorite was far away. Branagh avoids the melodrama that the actors are trapped by Branagh, who plays commonplace and ordinary man, and puts us on the path of his actions and feelings. And although Olivier, especially his voice, is concerned, Branagh uses his whole body to show the range of emotions that Hamlet goes through, but, as he does, he does not seem to be chewing on the landscape. <br /> <br /> The rest cast is also high. I have not liked Jack Lemmon, although I think that the cast was the weakest member. Charlton Heston gave her the most amazing turn; I have always found it to be a tough board, but it is just as good as the royal player. Another exclamation was Billy Crystal; I thought I would be wrong to be the 1st squire, but his habit was fun when he was nature. In short, a horrible film!
