Horror Dwarves have to be Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi for more than one reason for genre lovers to see any movie and probably the most convincing they are not to see the sci-fi / horror genres. "The Invisible Ray" by 1936 Lambert Hilly does not share the glow of some other contemporary films ("Frankenstein," Frankenstein, "" Mummy, ") or Lugosi (" White Zombie. ") Island Of The Lost Souls "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven ", ...), which is undoubtedly a very entertaining film, worship film lovers should not consider the Universal Lost Compared with other pictures, the story seems to me to be a bad thing, but in a pleasant way Karloff and Lugosi as always, shine as always, and the film also has great scenery and excellent photography. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who has invented a technique through the telescope of the past, knows that he has fallen on earth for thousands of years on the invention of Rukh, the famous French doctor, Felix Benet (Bela). Lugosi) invites him to join an expedition to find the meteor. In Africa, Rukh makes a discovery of great benefits and great devastation ... It's a bit odd that Karloff, in fact, was considered to be a Hungarian scientist in Lugosi, Hungary, while he was in hungary. They are excellent as usual. As far as I am worried, these two horror gods probably shot the phone directory reading, and I'm sure they would get something out, either because men are watching the horror genre icon together for fans of the treated genre. Incidentally, this is one of the few films that was higher than Lugosi Karloff. Frances Drake is a good female leader in the role of Dr. Rukh's beautiful young wife. Other performances are also good, although they should not be mentioned. Apart from the castings of Karloff and Lugosi, the main feature of the film also seems to be a great atmosphere and photography, as well as the story is very funny and very fun. My main complaint is that I would like more time on screen for Lugoso and his role to be a bit more important. It's just as beautiful as ever, but its role could be bigger and worse. Otherwise, "Invisible Ray" is a fascinating and entertaining movie that should be adored by all lovers of Fantasy / Film Science, and it is essential to watch all fans of Lugosi / Karloff.
