OK, note to the people who collect DVD collections of these horror actors: I really appreciate it and I'm very much supportive of the initiative, but ?? Have you watched before selecting the movie as a part of the collection? When I bought the collection Boris Karloff, there were several films, where the protagonist was an enormous and indispensable task ("London Tower", "Ate Strange"). "The Invisible Ray", however, is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here is really Boris Karloff Bela! This would be a great title for Boris Karloff! Bela Lugos's character is probably the most beautiful and beautiful person portrayed throughout his career, and old Karloff plays a truly crazy and dangerous obsessed scientist. "Invisible Ray" has three main chapters. The first place in the Karpathos castle castle, Janos Rukh, is boring and requires a great deal of patience for the audience, but, of course, the drawings of the characters and the topics discussed here are essential for the whole movie. Dr. Rukh (Karloff), exquisite partners (including Dr. Bela Lugosi in Benet) shows how the alien creature achieved a self-manufactured device. Scientists are impressed by their work and invite Rukh and Diane to their beautiful wife for an expedition in the heart of Africa. Dr. Rukh isolates himself from team members, discovering the "Radium X" key element to complete the rays of the doctor after leaving the meteorites too cluttered. The third and final event, of course, is the best and horrible, because ancient antiquity is the most ingenious gimmicks (melting statues) and the peak. Karloff reflects on the darkness and, for others, stole his discovery and even his life, he wants to eliminate it using deadly touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" is very difficult, but the movie is easy and entertaining. The story is quite scarce, but nevertheless compelling and director Lambert Hillyer offers very different suspicions. Boris Karloff is fantastic and he is Lugosi, even though the screen is worth a little more time. Their scenes are one of the most outstanding films, along with the funky images of bright Boris.
