Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made several films, but in general (interesting) Karloff is usually the best of two men. The real exception "The Black Cat" (1934) is that Karloff plays the evil head of the worship of the devil and Lugosi seeks dependence on destroying his life. But the more common is "Black Friday", where (whatever its reason) Karloff tries to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a deadly killer. "The Raven" is Lugosi, a sadistic surgeon, who carries out Karloff to help his ill-fated plans until Karloff finally has enough. Rarely two are completely negative characters. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi is trying to chop. <br /> <br /> The only exceptions are both very original, but the purpose of intersection is the 1936 film. I think that it has been acknowledged by some of the other films that I have mentioned a bit. There, Janok Rukh, Dr. Karloff, is a scientific engineer who is concerned about the noise "official scientific community". In fact, in a meteorite that happened in Nigeria several centuries ago it is a rare form of radius. Sir Stevens and his wife, Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), have been aided by a well-funded expedition and another scientist, Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukh's young wife Diane. (Frances Drake) and David Drake (Stevenses). Frank Lawton. <br /> <br /> Before leaving, her mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) warns Rukh, she probably seeks wisdom. He did not need it and would end the tragedy. He tries to discard this, but he is worried about what he says, scientific science, and whether he or she will get his or her debt. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. Finds substance, but has a high radioactivity. It looks like it is burning slowly, and if it touches people or animals, they will die. Benet has created friendship or understanding, a type of cocktail that Rukh has used to control the risk of a dangerous fight. Here, besides, two things are perfect. The antidote may last for a certain amount of time, and must be renewed. And radioactivity has caused the Rukh's brain. More and more jealous with friendship with Diane Ronald (unfortunately Sir Francis and Lady Arabella have encouraged them), which is also saddened (due to the appearance of having died) the effects of radioactivity are similar. others include the wonders of "Radium X". Soon Rukh kills a killer that destroys many lives. It ends on its own. <br /> <br /> The film that he received in science science. Madame Curie recently died of cancer, working for Radium. Few in 1936 they fully understood the risks of radioactivity, but some ideas came out. Rukh's wave of murder talks about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, the "damned" expedition (along with the idea of ​​a treasure hidden one hundred centuries ago on the African continent) was funded by the English title, we entered archeology, not physics or geology (Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon advertisements). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to fix the cause of the chain of death, and returns to an idea that was demolished in England in 1888. During Whitechapel's killings, Sir Charles War instructed them to retrieve a picture of some of the dead victims to see the last image of retinal Jack. As a result, only prostitutes were retrieved from the dead. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used the novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here he uses Dr. Benet. Since science is a fictional story, Rukh's image is on the plate, but Benet falls on the plate and shakes it. <br /> <br /> The film has many reasons, the most interesting. a change Karloff and Lugosi are not far from each other. There is a tragic story missing in other films. Other performances are good, especially Mrs. Kemble Cooper. Soon he remembers the horrific sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here his latest action is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say he did not hurt his purpose.
