Undoubtedly, in the 1930s, Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi were assured that they had been featured in high-quality horror films. After being the first "monster" of the classic "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became the main horror scammer with his exquisite style and foreign accent (unfortunately, the final factor could also be thrown into the 40s). Likewise, Boris Karloff turned the performance of James Whale's "Frankenstein" into a man to look for a good monster. Of course, we decided that it was a normal screen for these icons and in the 1934s it was a movie called "The Black Cat". This formula would be repeated in several films over the decade, and the director of Lambert Hilly's mix of horror and science fiction, "Invisible Ray", is one of the smallest of those years. <br /> <br /> Here, "Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who has invented a device capable of displaying light rays on our planet with the Galaxy of Andromeda. While Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) have demonstrated their invention, they have been known for thousands of years now in the Nigerian meteorites. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues in an African expedition, seeking the landing of the mysterious meteorite. This expedition will not be beneficial for Rukh, in the expedition, his wife Diane (Frances Drake) falls in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an assistant hunter from Stevens, to assist in their expedition. However, Rukh loses more than his wife on the trip, he will change permanently after being exposed to the invisible ray of the meteor. Written by John Colton (his predecessor was based on a "science bush in London", "Invisible Ray", based on a science-fiction original story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. With his film called Karloff and Lugosi, Colton He emphasizes the horror aspect of the story, which plays with a mad scientist very efficiently with the archetype and adds a good dose of melodrama to make things. It's an element that stands out among other horror movies, as Colton plays with morality through the story. There are heroes and evil in classical style, but those who make decisions and later anticipate the effects of these selections. In many ways, "Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsessions, guilt and vengeance. <br /> <br /> Low budget B movies director Expert film director Lambert Hillyer was able to get 3 films, finishing the legendary Universal Pictures studio when he resembled serious problems. Thanks to the limited experience of limited resources, Hillyer's films were always very good at budget constraints and "Invisible Ray" was no exception. Even though the elegant Gothic atmosphere of the previous horror films of Universal is close, Hilly's film captures the essence of Colton's script, because this movie is humorous and ill with fiction. In the end, Hillyer has to talk about the use of special effects: for a low budget movie, much better than in previous films. <br /> <br /> As usual, with a movie called Lugosi and Karloff, the show's performance is exceptional. As Boris Karloff is the protagonist of the film, it is perfect that the devotion of his work makes the portraiture of a man so blindly blinded. As his colleague, as Dr. Benet, she is glad to see Bela Luogis, showing what was the scene of each and every one of the scene there. As a wife of Rukh, Frances Drake is very effective, in fact, to make her a girl as a wounded character. However, the two major films include Kemble Cooper's Mother Rukh shows and Lady Arabella Beulah Bondi's performances; Both actors take advantage of limited screen time to make them unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but it's not surprising that he's compared to the rest of cast. <br /> <br /> If we think this movie is in accordance with our current standards, it's very easy to get rid of other science fiction movies as cheap. The special effects are bad and the negligence of pseudoscience is confused. However, it would be a mistake, despite being a small budget, it is very well done for that time. On top of that, as the start of the nuclear era began, and while radioactivity is still a relatively new concept, the radioactivity dangers are extremely dramatic. The final point to note is that the script is an interesting way of dealing with the relationship between characters, especially the obsession with Dr. Rukh and the cold doctor of Dr. Benet, that is to say, the good scenes between the two emblems. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of Gothic expression of the "Frankenstein" movie, or the elegant suspense of "The Black Cat", Lambert Hilly's "The Invisible Ray" is undoubtedly a small classic of the Universal Pictures catalog. horror movies One of the most interesting horror scenes in the 30's, this mix of suspense, horror and science fiction is one of the genres of genre of curiosities: now it's a good dose of entertainment by one of Boris Karloff's most amazing actors. and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
