One week in the library, borrowing this book, originally intended to get this day roughly a few days or a few days ago, I got to see Sayon this morning. This is Marlon Brando Major Lloyd's "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general has been raised in a specific way, transferred to Japanese Korea transferred to his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) correctly. Before leaving, a man tries to persuade Joe Kelly (Red Buttons) to marry a Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), breaching family law. As a result of her love and Eileen, they become the best man of Ace and Katsumi's marriage, after falling asian Asian, Mike Bailey (James Garner) and captain to the city to see and headlining. Hana-Bread (Miiko Taka) is an animator on the stage. Bailey himself consists of a dancer, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen himself seems to be one of the Kabuki interpreter Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stay there and I have said that the main drama about the prejudices of American and Asian love relations from the beginning to the end was extremely amorous. Playing the Andalusian Montalban to play in the east is not a shame (even if it was good, its part is short). Brando's head and Umeki's doorsteps often have a moody blow. Red and Miyoshi themselves, the Oscarrak are worthy of particular red, with all the emotional challenges and pride. Rookie Garner, before being thrown into the legendary role of the "Marverick" television, is very much the scene of Brando and Miiko Taka, which shows a great limitation in the early characterization of the American antiusist. Although I have read some of James Michens' novel changes, I can not imagine that director Josha Logan previously used Michener to work on Broadway's "South Pacific" music and eventually make it a movie, not the original source. Without a doubt, it inspired a bit of inspiration that the initial tragedy of this film was inevitably upset. It may have been a feature film of some production numbers, but otherwise, in the 50s, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience about America and Japan during that time.
