For reading bad reviews and saying that friends were not able to believe that they were not evil, I did not watch the movie in cinema. After watching the DVD, I have to say that I regret it now. I do not speak brilliantly, but I think it's a good movie. I liked it <br /> <br /> People have skulls that are thicker than the helmet of Ned, they watch a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the story of most of the historical figures based on historical figures, there is usually a great deal of difference between the fictional portrait. I do not think Ganghis Kahn has ever portrayed it historically remotely. Ned Kelly was really controversial, and seems pretty passionate. Despite efforts by the government and historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, tell stories and listen to them about them, as they do the actual image themselves. Ned Kelly has become a popular identity, since Australia's culture does not trust or endorse the authority. Disability or authority is a society that is no longer a society that is more challenging and dangerous than any other generation. <br /> <br /> So I hope to not expect a specific rehearsal of the Kelly gang. no movie and refreshing. He was feeling and romantic, but fortunately there was not much cheating at all; To my Australian fellow students, you will see "The Lighthorseman" and what you mean (as the story of pity is so badly treated). Perhaps the business of love may be excluded for more details in other areas, such as the shooting of soldiers. Ironically, I really enjoyed the movie, because most of the Neden storytelling were the details. And historically, stories that read different perspectives given by historians are explained. <br /> <br /> This movie will always be difficult to attract a model for the overall movie market (for tablets) and the Australian legend; Maybe Neden's spirit is a bit in this movie because it rebelled against people's hopes and sadly lost two goals. Fortunately, he made a similarity to a movie. It was a kind of unforgettable movie for me, which is why I liked it. Orlando Bloom performed a lot of movie performance - he really added something. In my opinion, I would like to make a change that would represent a great lover. <br /> <br /> Considering the films that are much worse than this one, the opinion of this film should be re-examined. Send me the DVDs from the Croc Dundee or The Snowman River men at any time on the DVD.
