After several years it was published, so I do not know why it was in cinema. But I enjoyed the little girl. I found a Superman and Mole Men's VHS ribbon on the flea and I decided to see it again (it's been a lot of years). I did not expect much, knowing how B was made at the time. But I was surprised that the films were very spectacular and excellent acting. The usual behavior in this type of film is a great deal. Surprisingly, writing was not bad. He forgot that Superman had gone through the sequence and could frustrate all of the early chocolate, when the story was over, right? Okay, the mole men's clothes were hokey and not very scary (they did not even threaten me). However, if there was a small quote for budgets and clothing, all worked well. Immediately I met the old sheriff The Old Ranger in the Valley of Death days and a lot of useful roles in the Western television. J. Farrell MacDonald played the ancient Pop and was always an excellent assistant in more films. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also known as other faces. Did you know that the old doctor was the captain of the ship to get King Kong? Did you know that the mole man like Lysbeth Searcy missed the old girl? Some people were also known. Jerry Maren has played with McDonalds McCheese, Little May Mayer, who had been given a Dorothy pirate to Munchkin, a section of Seifel and other works. Billy Curtis had an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood at High Plains Drifter, an amazing star who met one of Shrinking Man's friends. Fortunately, Rita Hayworth took part in a movie called Rita Hayworth called My Gal Sal. , Oztar's Wizard and many other places - the actor. He was also John Brambury Munchkin. When Phillis Coates worked on Lois Lane, George Reeves played Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman in the movie. He made a great effort to play a strong man. The bottom line of all this is that I've seen that film worthy of a whirlwind idea of ​​a movie. But the 50's and the inner spaces from outer space made it possible for men to do everything possible. It is definitely worth seeing, there is no bad actor in the group. Everyone who threw it together was very lucky to bring so much talent to the kind of actress B. Some had a wealth of experience and some had a wealth of experience - but all were exquisite. So if you can watch the movie, forget about outfits and just enjoy yourself with excitement and acting. Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, a good old movie that you want to enjoy!
