I watched HBO or Showtime or Cinemax in the mid 90s, my parents subscribed to these channels in the summer. I found it in several places and I always found it dark, curious and brilliant. I was young, then, at the beginning of my teens; and a few years later, after getting acquainted with Arliss Howard, after being awake, "Big Bad Love" bought the "Wilder Napalm" DVD and I saw my girlfriend for many years. I absolutely love it! I was really impressed and damaged. There are several complex fluid dynamics and camera movement and cinematography; They all fit in with the intelligent, live and immediate chemistry of three leads, their story, music and all other actors. It's really "cinematic". I love Arliss Howard's subtle intensity, ambivalent strength and hidden intelligence, but I'm a fan of everything I'm doing; and the relationship between Debra Winger's enjoyment (obviously married, of course) has a magical charm that overcomes the camera. (I wonder if they see it on the wedding anniversary? ....... "Big Love Love" should not be the next stop, it's great.) And Dennis Quaid, clown makeup. What is often included in the films is the hidden, hidden and revealing cartoon that is hidden and hidden. Quaid has always had a bad quality for me, with that huge, broad mouth, which conceals behind the dark look of the eye to release it as strange or diabolical charm (here). Both Howard and Quaid take them behind their eyes to the fire, to capture the amazingly intense, intense inner gunman. In fact, the whole film has a dark energy and hip intensity. All the parties involved make a fantastic movie together with intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry. I can not really imagine how financed it was, and it seems to me that it is quite expensive for this system of unimaginable unusual, but I thank God for such films once in the system. In a great way, with all the brightest carnival colors of his day, hip wit, humor, warped real warp and compelling chemistry, he reminds me of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ... Now this is wonderful in my book!
