In 2007 ("Celebrity Big Brother") at the height of the racial queue (with Shilpa Shetty and late Jade Goody), I was convicted in an Internet forum "C.B.B". The fans praised the show, after a great deal of '70 racist' sitcoms '' Curry & Chips '' and 'Love Thy Neighbor'. I thought they were going to be hypocrites, and they said so. "It Is not Half Hot Mum" was thrown into argument and highlighted by some of the actors in English. Yes, yes, but Michael Bates was a boy who lived in India and talked orally. The agents opposing the exhibition overlook the reality of the reality that has led Rangi Ram to its reality. The renowned Indian character, Renu Setna, in 1995, felt that he was listening to Bates as "Perry & Croft: in a documentary", but he added: "An Indian actor has not played that role. Bates." Fact 'Ama' Perry and Croft were the "Dad's Army" show; The so-called English-style Walmington-On-Sea, established in the war, replaced the Indian hot and hot Indians, especially the Deolali place, where the army's concert party encouraged soldiers, including Bombadier Solomons. (George Layton, his first comic book "From Doctor In Charge", "Gune" at the Gloria site (Melvyn Hayes), Gillette Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins, "Lofty" Sugden, "Gillman Graham". (late Christopher Mitchell). He was led by an unfortunate group, the awesome Williams Williams (superb Windsor Davies), who took them all as "poofs." His bitter and harassing frustration that his men could not fear in the jungle even though Parkins was delighted, he thought his son was illegal!) Then Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) was in English and Ashwood captain (Michael Knowles) was looking like an old wise Rangi, each show talking with a camera Starting with thirty-five sayings obscure, he thought he was a carrier, he was almost British. His friends worked on the tea Char Wallah (late Dino Shafe, 'Mind Your Language') He pulled it and pulled the rope Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). Thus, the Indian Indians appeared in the show; others also abandoned their opponents. Shafeek described credits as "voice interrupts" (similar to '40s in the' Dad's Army '). Each edition closed its hope, calling it "Land Of Hope & Glory" and "Shut Up" was silenced. Williams-in. It was a great topic written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although the "father's army" was not exactly the same as the citizen affair, the "mother" lasted for a total of eight years. In 1975, Davies and Estelle listed the "Whispering Grass" version of the old chestnut cover. Then they recorded the entire album of old chestnuts (what else?) 'Sing Lofty!'. <br /> <br /> <br /> The show was hit by a crisis point three years later on cancer. Rather than rewrite the role of "Rangi", writers quietly forgot it. When George Layton left, the character "Gloria" Bombadier took his place, giving it a new comedy. <br /> <br /> In the last edition, in 1981, the soldiers left Blighty abo ship in India. Wallah looks sad (like the audience). <br /> <br /> There were few races and they were very far away (especially in the Gold in the UK) because of its 'celebrity' popularity. That's strange. For some reason, the spectacle was not about racism. If a man is frightened, why is David Lean still watching the 1984 movie 'A Passage to India' on TV? (Alec Guinness was Indian and won two Oscars). It was created as a result of experiences by Jimmy Perry. Some people had real people (the main one referred to the sergeants as "poofs"), I think it's a good idea if you think of the history of television, since disinfection of the past is unhealthy as it is to the modern audience, and the 'Mom' was fun and true and the viewers saw it. I've given you the DVD. Time to stop the review, Williams said: "I'm not screaming in this forest!"
