The Shining is a curious example of adaptation: it has little to do with the novel by Stephen King. However, it is one of the best works of the horror master. This is the result of two factors: Stanley Kubrick's CEO and Jack Nicholson's cold performance. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays with Jack Torrance, who will take over the Canadian Overlook in winter, crying. Stunning stories about the place: a pleasant and isolated location that needs to end the new book. For this reason, Overlook has become the family of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his five-year-old Danny son (Danny Lloyd). Especially since the boy feels something bad at the beginning: Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) has said that he has a mysterious psychic energy, Shining, who allows himself and Dick. to see past and future gestures, among others. As a result of the "Gift", the forces that live in the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, even if they were able to cope with them. This is not the case of Jack, however, because he is increasingly paranoid about his wife's feelings and pleasure, as well as looking for a company that can be defined as fantasy, which is very difficult to create a madness and fear that breaks down. <br /> <br /> Shining acts as a horror movie, although Kubrick has never done such films, he knew exactly what was effective and what was not. . When the director criticized King for the most part of the story, he pushed Jack / Danny off the beaten track (which was only cleared in the film), led to the emotionally powerful top of the book and despite his despair, the gap was really necessary: ​​the novel was repaid, Although in a non-conventional way, and depreciation was a topic, Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts in human decay, never had a pleasant place. He is interested in the mental mind that threatens the characters and then maintains a penetrating tone, although he has been an expert in the use of very cold and constant shooting (Danny's encounter with two fantastic examples). <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> King's other criticism was about actors, especially Nicholson: the writer said that the image that marked the beginning of the film seemed to have been said to be mad . story Now, it's true that Nicholson is very angry, but it's true that Martin Sheen (the perfect choice of King's role) would probably not have been able to give Nicholson a show of Nicholson: from that moment on, he starts to smile more angrily than before. "Here here's Johnny! " The scene, it is impossible to act as an actor, and despite the bad news of the 1997 version of the TV, it is not bad that the Torrance nature is linked to the star of the supernatural Koar. With both Duvall and Lloyd, they both add incredible help, along with Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as well as great horror movie icons. Duvall complained about complaining and running a lot like the book (blonde and beautiful), but two things have to be taken into account: a) In 1980, the "queen of queen" was not a cliché. ) rarely, any actress camera is terribly terrified, the difference between book movies is secondary and the true fear that comes from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said there any literary works It's not completely faithful to adaptation (and should know, given the freedoms of boy Boyle's move to his master junkie), but this does not mean that the movie is deliberately wrong. The Shining proves that point of perfection: very few novels 5% goes into the film, but this master's degree in Kubrick and Nichlolson turns loose cinematographic translation into the best horror photo of all time It's a good thing, something that says in the current bad form of the genre.
