At times, Thing overcomes my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's movie is more effective and entertaining, Kubrick is more artistic, more thoughtful, and probably terrifying. It's one of those mistakes that I've been past and I really love. I want to compare it with the book? Have I read this once a few years ago, which was afraid of death? Both of them do not know much in common, the story and the characters, of course. It almost completely removes Kubrick from the love of the novels, to make his film more fearful. This is undoubtedly one of the most interesting adaptations of the book ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror movies. and gore, ghosts that occasionally appear. Jack Torrence is a destruction. Some people have complained about the role of Nicholson's role in the questionnaire, saying it is very obvious that the movie will be horrified by past roles and appearance. I do not agree. Do we know it's crazy? Most of us read the book ?? And Jack looks like this idea. But at the beginning he frightens us. Calm, calm, sick He also talks with hotel managers as well as with his family. And as the wife and son are as hard as his, it is surprising that this is achieved. But after arriving in Overlook, it varies. It gets angry, angry. The scene I always disturb when Wendy interrupts her writing, and loses her completely, saying "just let him alone." The first f-bomb that falls on the film and is a shock to the system. Since then, all bets have been deactivated. <br /> <br /> I love another thing, among the many interpretations in the film. We are never sure that we are seeing what is happening. Many critics have stated that whenever Jack speaks of a ghost, there is a mirror and he can also talk to him. But what's the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the highest point in the film, until there is a great tour of many of the inhabitants of the hotel, but he knows that something is wrong, while Danny is in close proximity to the place. His psychic powers are not questioned? How else would Hallorann come to the hotel? ?? But does he ever see his parents witnessing ghosts? It's easy for Jack to lose himself, to be trapped in a hotel with his family, and then Wendy will also do it? When you are trying to kill your husband with an ax? But what about Danny? It seems his body is taken by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are trustworthy. Hallorann would probably be, and he warns of dangers in 237, but he has died as soon as he reaches Overlook (Kubrick frightens the attitude of the novice's fans). And the latest movie. Film is never more enigmatic? Has Jack previously been there? Or was her body in the hotel? When you start talking about playing this movie, Jack begins with Nicholson. Does Shelley Duvall make one of the most annoying performances of film history? Probably, Jack's character is to give more reason and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is powerful. The partial method, part of the improvisation, is at once frightening and attractive. Better or worse, it is the character we identify with him, not with the child or with his wife. We all want a hotel for a season, we can do everything we want. Who is looking after? Of course, the technical aspects are wonderful. Long cubes, curious angles and strange images are horror. It increases color, mirrors, long corridors, and the use of any other motive. And do not start with that score. I do not know if the terrifying movie was frightening without a terrifying tone. It reflects its curious hotel, humor and full-length movie. <br /> <br /> I know King does not like this movie, but King's movie tickets are nothing. A brilliant novel writer, his scripts are awful, and his conducting essence goes unnoticed. This is not a very faithful adaptation of the book, but it does not have to be necessary, and it does not really need it. It's a part of the horror of the movie that the viewer does not fall back on the books; There is no measurable material source. Kubrick masterfully changes the narration even more to frighten the audience. For this, it is one of the most innovative films of any genre. And all this is above.
