Shining starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) in an isolated, "Overlook" hotel, located in the Colorado Mountains, to interview Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about the Winter Career. Ullman told Jack he would take care of the basic maintenance of the hotel, but he will be completely isolated from the rest of the rest of the world when he gets into Winter hard winter, along with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and Danny's son. (Danny Lloyd) goes to the Jack hotel and, at first, it seems that everything is fine, it is a beautiful hotel that is absolutely huge and has everything at its disposal. However, the Overlook hotel has a dark past with a previous smoker who kills his whole family before suicide, and Danny has a "capacity" for people who can not see and hear psychic "shine". In the days, weeks and months when Jack begins more and more at the beginning of madness, Danny keeps "seeing things and people", as Wendy becomes sharp, because he has no trace of his family, because he is trapped by a heavy snow storm. Jack eventually loses ... <br /> <br /> Stanley Kubrick wrote and produced this production in English. It's a horror movie beautiful. It seems that The Shining is a short European cut that makes 2 comments smaller than the one in two different versions. Kubrick and Diane Johnson are based on Stephen King's novel, and I do not read them, I can not compare them, rather than psychological horror but visually, as they are only murdered in the whole movie. Jack, Wendy and Danny have little character in The Shining, the only ones who really care about it, focusing almost exclusively on these films, taking part with them and what they do. The rhythm is a bit slow, but it's not a long movie that interests you. Negatively, I do not think Jack's reason to enter behind and his desire to kill his family was powerful enough to convince me, because Jack runs away from freezing the ice cream without any explanation and I do not know I missed something, but that end is not meaningless for me, I want! There is very little in the form of violence or gore, two ghostly ghostly zombies are killed and someone killed with an ax but The Shining is a horror movie that does not need blood and special effects. . $ 19,000,000 budget quote. Shining is technically a perfect one, as expected by an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, is an excellent cinematography with excellent free and smooth shots, because the camera continues in the maze of corridors labyrinths. They have a completely real look and themes, basements and subterranean themes, like Kubrick brings up things upright, illuminated corridors, wide-open spaces and modern decorations (the modern 80's, simply check the red!). All operations take part, but as usual in horror films, the baby is very annoying and Nicholson is fantastic at the beginning. The Shining is a movie I enjoyed watching, although I am not sure I would like to see it at any time. You will be disappointed for those who like explosions and special effects, for those who are looking for a strong house, I think it's a powerful story with a strong story.
