The Shining, you know what's curious about this movie? This is a film directed at people who do not like horror films, I always say that Shining is an excellent movie. Stanley Kubrick is a classic vision of Stephen King's madness and blood horror story. This is just an incredible movie and you have not seen it, you've heard it, you know some lines and some of the classic images you know. Nori Jack-in "Here's Johnny!" Would it Forget? Who would forget "All work and do not play Jack Jack Dull Boy"? Who would forget that horrible end? This is an unforgettable movie and, in fact, I think it's the best work of Kubric. I know there are a lot of arguments in this department, many people say it in 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. This is the latest story of isolation, insanity, scary images, and the latest story to explore under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son, Danny and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the hotel's Overlook in the closed day. Dick Hallorann, an old African African chef, was surprised by Danny talking telepathically and offering ice cream. He tells Danny that he had a gift and had to share his grandmother with his mother; Communication was called "brightness". Danny asks him to fear something in the hotel, especially in room 237. Dick says to Danny that the hotel is "shining" and advises a lot of memories, not all good, and leave them out of the room 237 in any case. The curiosity about Danny room 237, in the end, gets a better view of the room. Danny is injured and traumatized as saying that Wendy loves his family. When he saw that, Wendy thinks Jack is abusing Danny. Jack Gold Room enters the hotel and he meets the amazing barber called Lloyd. Danny begins to annoy the word "redrum" and bends it on the walls. It enters a certain part and it retires; Now, Tony says that he is his "imaginary friend." Jack hotel removes the radio sabotage, cutting off the communication of the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic call and is on his way. Wendy finds out that Jack is writing endless pages of manuscripts in various ways that "All the work and the theater have not been the sad boy Jack". He frightens himself, Jack threatens him and strikes it unconsciously, with a baseball robbery blocking his kitchen kitchen cabinet. Jack talks to Grady through the locker door, then unlocks it to release. Danny has written "REDRUM" on the lipstick in the Wendy room. When looking at the mirror, "Murder" is written down. Jack takes an ax and takes the door that leads to family homes indirectly. "Here's Johnny!", And Jack's legendary image has been born. <br /> <br /> Shining is one of the films to be taken seriously, this film is incredible and still gives me a nightmare. Jack Nicholson's interpretation is timeless and unforgettable. But I also feel like finding Shelley Duvall, Jack's rant all looking for work. It's incredible, it's a horror look and you can see her face scared when she realizes that your husband is crazy. On the other hand, another scene is incredible when Jack finds a ghost woman in the bathtub, honestly she is one of the most horrific scenes of horror film. This film is so popular because it's a perfection film, it's been on The Simpsons, it's been shown on other movies and it's a movie you're watching forever, when you see it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
