Okay, okay, maybe not the greatest. It's a tough storyteller and psyche and others, but Shining is there. However, Stephen King's story has become a movie. It's better than The Stand, even better than the Pet Sematary (if not so scary), it's better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better by Stand by Me (barely, though) and yes, it's better . More than Shawshank Redemption (close, it's better), I do not like IMDb Top 250. <br /> <br /> For a few decades, I read that Stanley Kubrick was trying to find someone who could make a good movie on his homework, and from another room, his wife would be sad to hear. Noise for half an hour or frustration as he threw books against the wall. In the end, he had not heard the noise for almost two hours, and when he went to the inspector when he saw that he was sitting on his chair or something (all of it with great care, of course), he found a concentrated one. He had the book in his hand, and the book was Sun. And thank God, because this book went on to become the best horror movie ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King wants to thank the complexity of the story about the man who takes his wife. and while his children work in his writing while spending time in a remote hotel during the winter months. Jack Nicholson is grateful for the performance of Jack Torrance (Jack, how much character Jack named a character, a character named Jack), as well as a great book of some of today's renowned lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can thank Jack's killing for a performance that is linked to the wish. Thanks to Stanley Kubrick, who can be very much appreciated by this great story, and anyone who has been a conducting interviewer can thank the deadly twins on the planet for the girls to perform. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> One of the most important aspects of this film, in order for the story to be the most significant effect in general, is the isolation and the perfect gift. The film begins with a long scene while Jack goes up to the old hotel to talk about a winter betting job. Shortly after, as with Jack and his family, the same thing takes place, they drive the mountainous wind road to the hotel. This time the scene mixes with the shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny in the car, Kubrick got into a quick hint of television issues, as Wendy described as a concern for talking about cannibalism Danny. who has said that he has seen it because he has already seen on TV ("See, he's been watching it on television.") <br /> <br /> The same hotel is the perfect match for such a story, and the bloody past is much more terrifying The huge rooms and large echoes and long corridors make room for echoing, the hotel's emptiness, but the most loud nooks in this movie, are the three-dimensional feelings of Kubric's traditional follow-up on the doorways. At the beginning of the film, Danny circles There's a well-known tracking track that goes on in a big way, as it walks in its wheelchairs (what's it called?), and its relative velocity (and even rumor), a feeling that those wheels are not lying on the floor of the carpet floor And, in addition to being a story of Stephen King, you expect to get something out of it. The scene of the rooms I think it's the best (as well as one of the most awesome movies) when Danny plays on the ground and throws the ball gently. He looked up and saw a long empty corridor, and if there was something of a child's toy, it was expected that he had thrown it into frightening twins. However, you get the point. The Shining movie is terrifying. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a rare quality when not seeing a horror movie, The Shining has a very good story, really guesses it and really leaves you. I felt something lost. Jack was always there, as Mr. Grady said in the men's room? The ball itself was really in 1921, or is it someone like that? Grady has always said, Mr. As Grady said, does he mean that he has been guilty of it, and that his wife and his twin son have died, and not Mr. Grady, after all? One thing is to let loose movies in the ends of the film, that is, the director of cinema. For example, The Amityville Horror, of course, copied copies of The Shining for his theme, he did. But it's completely different when a movie is presented as you think (especially Kubrick's films). We thank all of Stanley Kubrick for all of us, and we should thank him, this book is not thrown against the wall. This raffle would be a film tragedy.
