A horrible piece of horrific film, this film combines the great elements of intellectual thriller, with an instinctual director, in the field of genius of his horror movie horror with a rhythm. original shoot, a cold ice band and a general sense of dehumanization. This movie goes through all horror movies through a human eye, such as poker-based horror movies, because it does not feel psychosis and violence as the viewer's protagonist. People are one of the most bizarre faces that are unknown and this film draws on their thoughts. The setting is perfect, in the winter sunsets hidden. The calmness of the moment is a character, resulting in the inactivity of Jack Torrance after all, and creates a devil's playground. I always felt that the presence of evil remained in all our minds, only the circumstances of that moment, and the reasons given therein, that they should awaken their violent donkey and jump over their unsuspecting victims. This film is an excellent example of this thought. <br /> <br /> And the delicate touches of the canvas of the film are inside the clacky clocks of the big boys' garage that run across empty lobbies. In the labyrinth garden, which represents the fine line between the madness of insanity and insanity, we find the incoherencies, continuing errors and wrong set-ups published by Kubrick, a straightforward and tangible world, but powerful and far-away. I have never read a film-based book, but without a comparison point, I am proud to say that it is one of the most horrifying movies I have ever seen. I thought it could cut off the length of the movie, but I'm not one of the most renowned directors in the history of film, so I should keep my two-centric criticism over the wonderful one. to me In the end, this film attracts your attention with its own form and perspective, fits you with a strange and strange direction, and it binds you and your heart awaits the cold-eyed minds of the man's mind, terrified. atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
