Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performer at a local club for wealthy intellectuals. He captures his fantasies, the promise of romantic interludes becomes murder, because those who believe they believe in this horizon. It is possible, through a hypnotic suggestion, that someone (... the main task as a puppet-like task) that Lorna finds herself in isolated places leads her to die, she seems to be doing love. it will start After committing his murderous fantasies, Lorna confuses, she says, what she has often dreamed of in her dreams. I would say Franco, elegant and difficult. Now, surely, other users have read about what this film is about, since they are partly a surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco commented in a conversation that Godard had a great impact on the beginning of his career, as a way of shooting, so he decided to leave a clear narrative structure to create a different audit experience. And as long as you read the comments made by the users ... Some people like this decision, others find it working, dull and horrible. I agree that the first film is headed, but even Franco himself, when asked by "Succubus" critics, did not understand the movie and directed it! Some may say that "Succubus" was a pioneer of "Venus in Furs" his most admirable work, considering the loyalists of the faithful. In fact, because the protagonist knows no surrealistic structure and dream. / It's something real or imagined. In a sense, as a protagonist, we are the same type of confusion. Succubus is probably a conventional conventional film, because it's not the key to what's happening. And, a lot of fleeting conversation is irrelevant. "Succubus" is also a type of beatnik and a "poet-speech", a movie that has been featured in Corman's "A Bucket of Blood". My favorite scene runs into a possible lesbian woman between Lorna and a woman who finds herself in a fantastic party ... a strange fantasy sequence where the dummies are unusually used. Excellent locations and jazz scores. I liked this movie, although I understand why it has a negative reaction. I loved the scene that was celebrated with Lorna, I drank a little drink, I was lying on the floor in a lovely evening, and others shindig (... wasted at the same time) in a kiss hug.
