Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we all know in many films. Most of the movies today are involved with the viewers that they think are related to crime, to offer an exciting atmosphere. However, most of the emotional lovers will concentrate on the most recent films as they are older. However, people can easily be fooled. A film based on suspects may be very interesting for more than 20 years now ... GARDE A VUE is the only movie by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot of action? It is not really that the incidents presented in the film take place in a very short time. But the path to be executed is a great movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is currently investigating inspectors from Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Belmont Insector (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening, and it's not very accurate for that meeting. However, after the rape and murder of two children at the dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be opened. In other words, the movie is more cited, it must be revealed who is really a wicked wolf. To achieve this, a lot of effort has to be made and both parties need a lot of emotion ... <br /> <br /> Many people have criticized the script for being excessive. However, I would ask: what should it be if there are a lot of research questions and, almost, a lot of talk. This word touches the roots of the genre. In any case it is not boring, but throughout the film, you are involved as an observer. Additionally, flashbacks with good films are telling stories. Not too many or not very few - just make the whole story clearer and more interesting. For me, the most memorable flashback is Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martina's wife, when he talks about a beautiful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also have views of places, including the famous beach. Everything is wonderful to maintain a good pace. Since I've seen GARDE A VUE, I've always mentioned a movie as a "defender" of French cinema against confusion and chaos. <br /> <br /> The aforementioned parties may not play many audiences, if they do not like them, and yet their content and execution are not found well. However, GARDE A VUE is also worth seeing for such people. Why? By emanaldien But here's not the first praise of Romy Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. Mum makes a wonderful job when a lost child is disappointed. Relaxation, portraying a concrete person, who does not deny a cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. He has a deep talk about life and duty, and it is more credible that LaSa's LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI has a very melancholy role. It is still played. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. In practice, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes of credit; As a wife and another vision, it comes symbolically with the New Year, at midnight. Its mission is completely helpful. Lino Ventura is really rock. Antoine Gallien is a medium-sized detective who wants to know the truth, who realizes that his "other" conversation is "missiles", but he does not hesitate. He is an inspector and, after marrying three times, he is well acquainted with the psyche of women. His work does not play as a game, but it's a real service. In the end, it's a person that is not sitting down on the eve of a year. Michel Serrault also frightens her beautiful work, especially in the final scene of the film. But before Mr. Ventura. Excellent! <br /> <br /> Regardless of the memorable moments, there is no type of film that is easy to analyze. The whole movie is memorable, it must be seen more than once, and it must be felt in the atmosphere, and, as I have not mentioned, beautiful music. For me, Chantal's and Gallien's auditor's talk is the most excellent moment. You are with two characters, if you have their thoughts, if you see what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film for lovers of emotion and art. performances The New Year is turned on and ... is it now easier to open the door? You decide when to watch a memorable film directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
