Ed Wood loves an obsessive set, but this movie has driven me to a level of passion that has come before me! One of the most bizarre emotions of a filmless film habit is at least a pleasure to get excited. I remember as a teenager that I wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.k.a. "Ghouls of Night"), which was at the time two years ago as a bargain. Also, low-budget film masters are half the works of "A Night to Dismember" or by Jesus Franco, by Doris Wishman. However, in recent years, video clips and DVDs have been seen to achieve almost never-endless treasures - even for the "wrong" (!) Party in the Atlantic ... <br /> <br /> And then, there it is "I woke up the day when I was killed" - the movie that should be so great, however, when Fangoria disappeared from the etern, he first suckled the first appetite that spread for the first time in this long article. In the 1990s, it is difficult to find the movie, but this really deserves the hunt: it's sure ... I do not particularly want to add too much comment on some of these wonderful aspects - his cast-still-kitsch cast , his haunting yet often hallucinogenic visuals, his "pure cinema" (in the 1920s French film makers sense) and surrealism, or even his slow memorable moments of memorable moments - because all this has been described here for the eloquence among other users. <br /> <br /> In short, everything I want to mention is the pleasure of catching some dark objects about almost all lost. - but fortunately not quite a movie! I know the German video that I received in the cold winter cold of Colombia. Ed Wood fans know pretty well. It's quite common to note that the promotional poster of the film has been published. However, fortunately you can find more !!! First of all, there are several reviews in the German THEATRICAL book, some of which I use to translate my "Woodify" translation classes to my students ... Some of these reviews are positive eulogies for movie art and entertainment value - and it's more interesting for most critics of American trash and European They were placed within the tradition of the harvest. Secondly, Larry Groupe's score, which can be accessible to the man, has a great deal of attitude towards the listener, especially if you are thinking of a little bit of "bargain" and melancholy at the time of the film. at the same time. In the end - for the time being - Cinequanon in a very limited number I would like to mention SOUNDTRACK promotion. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do everything you need to do if you get the chance to get one! It has 14 songs on the film, including the Eartha Kitt Ballad, the latest version of "Jesus I Was Evil" by Darcy Clay (two of them are also available on the New Zealand CD, even though this is another story!), The cool music from the radio. Dance Christina Ricci, as well as amazing Mono and ZHV techno drums (the latter being the very Billy Z techno band) ... <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Obsessive Become - Ed Wood will regulate your life.
