This 1998 film is based on the script written by Edward D. Wood, without a conversation in the tradition of films like THE THIEF. The bulk of the work included in Wood's low-budget film genre-based films, his first feature-length film GLEN OR GLENDA was an impressive showcase for avant-garde avant-garde techniques. ASK FOR A DAY A DAY I MORA is a part of Ed Wood's experimenter, even though this movie is a comedy (a comedy nightmare! However, it's a good idea to make a cross dressing while Wood was so fond of it. There was no comedy place there. I learned from the first few seconds of this movie that I was taking me to a new movie theater and I could not compare the world anymore. The technical aspect of the film - production design, sound design, music score, photography, etc. - It's innovative at all levels. In particular, although the movie does not have a "conversation", it's also a sound and a "language" of all kinds, but you should see how it is done, as the wisdom and astonishment of the methods give way to the whole level of excitement. Glen or Glenda-esque works well for surrealistic footage, works well in the movie and at least keeps it up. The whole movie is played in a fever in a hysterical, and Billy Zane offers amazing tour-de-force, a great physical comedian and an actor. In this fair world, this award was given for this performance. It looks like Ed Wood, and as Zane plays, this character happens at various times, wonderful, tragic, pleasant and anonymous (sometimes at the same time!). It is an unfortunate thing that this film was caught in legal affairs and only played a few festivals that never received a North American play or video release. Right now, the video in Germany is only available (in fact, my German copy is a source). The scripts shown on the Wood screen have been translated into German, although headlines (great for low budget techniques, especially for expensive films which can be used here by trademarks in Wood tradition) See what you see in English). I think that this film could be spoken in large cities at midnight, with careful vigilance. And if the urban art film circuit slows down from the city, it can do well. Indeed, if legal issues can be solved, I'd recommend giving theatrical release of the movie, especially the MIDNIGHT "worship" release. This is a classic to be found. <br /> <br /> Every scene I understand "? No, but every scene I "felt" emotionally. Has everything worked the movie? Maybe not. I only saw twice, and I stopped interrupting it for the first time several times. However, all online junk assemblies play multiplexs and exclude school-video shots with so many "fetishistic" or pretentious films as "alternative", we need real Hollywood experimentation like that. Bob Dylan's latest film, "Masked and Anonymous" Bob Dylan's latest film, took it as something similar to Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONTAL. It is possible to find a much larger audience than one of these films. If you are reading this review for a few years now, and this is an interesting idea of ​​this film, see what's posted in the video. You are not bored. Invite some friends ... make a party. Play LOUD's amazing soundtrack. Anyone who goes to this place, I feel happy with this film Ed Wood, and I feel that his film has justified and validated his unique vision. Wood probably laughed as it always seemed to be a break from life, when the films made in honor of his death are immersed in the lawsuits and in a country that does not.
