Okay, therefore, I know this movie because of my friend, and I really visited the group while shooting, so from a personal point of view, I was very curious. If you do all the information about this movie, you will be included in legal issues (even after more than 7 years of filming), so if you're like me, you'll get a copy of everything you get. My fountain Ebay. I felt about extracted from around $ 15, as I got in today's e-mail, a copy that was only released by "SCREENER" was crunchy and overwhelming, but with a time-consuming mini-code, I could still enjoy it but not as a good copy, recommend something I want to get. If you want the full impact that this film could have. As I get it, it has been released on DVD in Germany and today in Spain. With that, good luck and happy searches / offers ...;). Score / sndtrk is only worth it. Very eclectic and diverse (IMHO movie is rare this time) - I think it's my next location / score, but I'm digressing it ... <br /> <br /> Now for review. The film opens the fact that Billy Zane's head is injected into a nurse, clothes (although they will steal shoes) and quickly keep a bank / loan store, but after fleeing from the prey. Well, I think where the "starting point" starts, it goes unnoticed. In order to make money from the list of C-lists to celebrate various crimes and riches, a funeral is found in a funeral, in some ways, a funeral where the tomb is, I think it is filmed at the office of the deceased. banking, and - even when the 1950s police and police were constantly looking for it - it has never been seen or nabbed. (The daily press informs its "offenses") I liked it, because the land was thin. After all, it's a CINEMA (see: fiction) and Iris Iliopulos conducts what I can do 1) Wood's vision and 2) Give us an update, which still has plans for real 50-car cars. ah, at local LA.99 stores - so that's why my 9 ratings. If it were true and props were true - I would give it 10. Now he removes his hair from his head and I do not ruin anyone, but let's say the last one is somehow disappointing to me. He had promises, actions and comedies - until the end, so ... with ALL - give a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> It is only realized that there is no dialect (except in some narratives and songs) this may be in your alley - maybe not ... but I think it's definitely worth the clock. All actors make good shows, and it's not just the right time for the right pieces that made me this long-term correctness. So, I would like to say that checking this movie is not nearly anything that the studios put into these days (or even in the future) I am sure.
