The story of real crime in the Cold Blood in the classical series of comic killers (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just Hollywood's most famous cases, may be a bad Hollywood touch. ). In this case the indispensable events did not diminish dramatically: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (respectively, Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, respectively), had a bad luck, a man slaughtered a farm in Kansas and was killed . With four families, a shotgun and a dagger brought $ 43. In addition to returning to the United States, after briefly escaping in Mexico, there is no mysterious resolution. They struck the ironic strokes (police followed and a stolen car stopped Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man to change the boy), until they had been sentenced to hang on his neck. The story was completed in 1965. <br /> <br /> But the story, the story, the performances, Brooks and DP Conrad Hall is absolutely wonderful. black and white crisp panoramic, and the story style feels realistic with too much naturalism or too many melodrama (maybe even near the end, that is, a perfect tone). The air of the tragedy hangs over the story, and not so much as the murderer, even though the narrator who creates a brutal "third" man narrates, as Smith and Hickcock work together. the inevitability of the story. Somehow you feel these criminals, in any other hand, the conventional B-movie images or something that might be. These are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least completely. <br /> <br /> In the same way, it's a great road as Smith and Hickcock down the road. Clutter's headquarters (a true night-time scene on the night of the film), then Mexico, then America again to Las Vegas. We will immerse ourselves in the personalities of these two, probably before the police detectives, which, in principle, do not lead and, finally, break with a prisoner. It's really disturbing to be close to these two (similar to a stunning quality of Malick Badlands characters) and it's also a temporary courage. There is no preaching, "because he has done this and that's it". We saw that Smithe had a psychotic and abusive father, but Smithe loved and hated her. The complexity is too much in the movie, maybe for Capote's book too (I should admit it too, I still have to read it, though I guess). And we see that this is Hickcock's trusted creature (that is, with his suit and with some bad checks), but without explanation of what he's really rooted in. <br /> <br /> Cold Blood's fatalistic line is one of the toughest 60s, and Brooks can have stars of Blake in their major pop-performances (this and Lost Highway, taking into account their real saga in recent years, since its essence is). works), and Wilson's breakthrough character before becoming an actor. While they are surrounded by gorgeous tasks of help, they absorb enormously when, when apprehended by delights and fantastical escapisms, they hold their treasure and hold their state in the row of death and at their ends. Is the moral of the story, if it is one, that it is possible to kill it, it can not be classified as a murderer, that good and evil will come to fruition? Smith asked him to apologize for his crime before hanging him up and said "but to whom?" This is the story that gives the tough fans of true crime, true beliefs, and surely the best American film of 1967.
