In 2006, the evil Thriller "Cold Blood" in 1967 has two interesting new contexts. First and foremost, this star Robert Blake was recently tried to kill his wife. Secondly, the biography of the Oscar-winning film "Capote", the story of Truman Capote's enthusiasm for the crime of true crime. Both of these two new verbs are the current movie for modern audiences. <br /> <br /> Since it's an independent film of an era, "In Cold Blood" is high in every sense. It is worth noting that Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition") is an amazing black and white cinematography. Many of the pictures taken from roadside houses in the Kensington house of Kansas, or from tree-lined roads, can be accessed as fine fine art. Combined with Brooks's cracker-jack and the most beautiful of the first editions (mixing two unlucky killer cartoons with the two murderers that are perfectly blended with the murdered everyday life of the innocent family), it's a rich atmosphere. a thrilling suspense that is created (everyone knows how to end up doing all that is based on real life events). Also, it is very good for the presenter and the minor's viewer to figure out how to organize a fascinating murder scene where visual viewers are shown a visual drop of blood on the screen while having a graphic nature. <br /> <br /> The film is also well-groomed with the mysterious performance of Robert Blake, who is more passionate and sensible for the couple to die. The flashback of a horrible childhood is very good. Then the movie is in the final scene, talks to Reverend before going to the bun and makes his "confession". It is one of the classic films, performance, excellent writing, perfect management and penetrating photography. In your head you dare to see the shiny image that reflects the reflection of the rain in the window of tears facing the eyes of Robert Blake. <br /> <br /> Only slowing down the "Cold Blood" is slow. to move the actions of the central actions into the mandatory character of the social commentary where the killers are and at the end. The political message about the death penalty is based on the crazy murderers and their predators according to the credible representation.
