Although released in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD is still a reference to all movies of real crime. Many writers and directors, Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted Truman Capote's fiction book to a terrible docudrama that is still alive until today, thirty-five years later. Smith and Dick Hickock, two cannabis at the tip of a former classmate of Floyd Wells at Hicock, went to Herbert Clutter's home in Holton, Kansas, looking for a safe wall of $ 10,000. But they never found any security, and the two men killed Clutter, his wife and two children, a radio, binocular couple, and a few dollars. He executed two months, including a "non-holiday" in the north of Mexico, when they were captured by a police car stolen in Las Vegas. But at the end of the day, the authorities of the law enforcement authorities of Kansas did not grill out, both men committed themselves to this nasty crime of Holcomb. Counting four murders were tried and convicted, five years in prison and appeals were delayed five years after the death of both until April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are absolutely worried about two brave killers, who do not do it, but they're worried about being trapped. John Forsythe also works well with Alvin Dewey, the chief detective investigating crime, as assistant Gerald S. O'Laughlin. Capote's loyalty to the book and a tactic that explodes, Brooks does not show murder at the start. Instead, while the last light turns off, it shows two killers, cut off in the morning and a huge discovery of bodies. Only when he goes back to Kansas, when Forsythe questions him and when he tells the story, we see the horror of what happened in that night. We do not see a lot of blood in these scenes, but we do not need it. As the shotgun blows and looks at Clutters's faces are dying, it's a bit disturbing, so it's not necessary to go on a movie slasher movie without violence. Brooks makes sense in COLD SANGOK Black and White, and the results are excellent thanks to Conrad Hall's experience. Quincy Jones is a great jazz tournament. The final result is one of the most imbalanced films of any type ever, its destructive little fashion. A 134-minute study on a crime that has been shaken by a whole nation and a whole nation, and it must be seen, however, that the discretion of the audience is recommended; There is a reason for the 'R' rating.
