For anyone with a moderate sensibility, the moderate state of human and humanity, for anyone who can watch over Hollywood, for anyone who watches the Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes movie. Anyone who can see anyone who goes into bed, with whom, to understand the intellectual level, to be sympathetic, to understand, to laugh, to laugh, weep, weep, weird, and compassionate, the most horny, compassion HUMAN BEHARRA, "Le Huitième Jour" awaits you. Jaco van Dormael did not get a masterpiece, which would be easier; He has achieved one of these strange monumental works of cinematography worldwide, which defies any kind of appearance. Does the drama come? Is it a comedy? No, it's the story of George, it's wonderful and wonderful, it's a wonderful, wonderful, beautiful, beautiful nature that suffers from Downes Syndrome. It's a story that you laugh through your tears, but it's not one of those classic jerker tears; This film immediately moves through a world that blends in with pity, compassion or shame, admiration, warmth and even love. A successful banker from Harry Bank joins Georges: they went to two opposing directions for ideas, problems and priorities. Van Dormael undoubtedly melts these men in a warm friendship, but it is much more than a good friendship between those who make beer on the road. This is a relationship that is being developed in two essential relationships. Quasi-surreal scenes are perfectly suited: it reminds (or invents) the final scenes of his life, while dreaming or sleeping in the daytime; even though the final fantasy scene was completely correct. The only scene that is considered a bad place is to steal a bus and exit the shows. However, this is not entirely eliminated. This movie is a monument. If your French is too small, see sub-catalog. He deserves the work of 'Le Huitième Jour'. Anything else, read the following comments ?? I'm all with them. This movie is a joy, elegant, unique. I think it's a great movie if you've watched "Rain Man", you have to watch it: it's much bigger because it does not cover the overwhelming cover of renowned Hollywood actors; Does Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? The TEN brings together these two and three others for Jaco van Dormael. Who is charged? Yes: from 11 to 10 unless the classification of the IMDb is broken. <br /> <br /> Magnify! Chapeau!
