This film is known for its literary alphabet, once partly in film religion, Philip Dunne, good performances, the first production of all departments, and intelligent director Henry King. If he was doing a movie, Lyle Wheeler's art director and Alfred Newman as an original musician would earn tremendous talent as director Leon Shamroot, would guarantee a quality production. Add to this movie, such as Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, Gwen Verdon's dance, and the result is expected to be that movie. Become something special. But in a script of the Bible theme, usually the subgenre of those who are illogical motives and marvelous interventions, everything depends on the role of the author. Philip Dunne here has given humanity, rare achievement of biblical films. David is a man in this movie, on the contrary, he does not play in the mythical acts in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes himself curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-indulgent and attractive. In Bathsheba mode, Hayward is almost an ideal choice, but it gives a lot of normal sense and normal emotional feelings, because the King of Israel would put so much risk on him. The rest of the casts are medicinal and can be alternately. The well-known story provides little work, but Dunne's authors and casts do their best with their human condition. David Young is called flashback; As the prophet of the Lord was chosen as the king of Israel, he succeeds in obtaining the second king Saul, defeating Goliath Phiiistine, fighting for fear of the great warrior. Afterwards, Saul Saul of Israel escaped to the throne of the king, becomes a warrior, and he will return to ask for the kingdom and Jonathan, the son of the king, became his first friend, an instrument of death. His wars are successful - the film opens with a successful attack scene; But his life is empty, because his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and makes him cold. He turns to Bethsaida, who sees the naked roof of the palace; He hoped he would later acknowledge that he hoped. But her husband, Uriah; When she is pregnant, Urias enters the battlefield and needs time at home; Instead, he will put him at the forefront of David's battle after the dances of Verdon. David agrees. He died, a war hero; But this does not solve the infidelity question. Droughts come to Israel, and the king's infidelity is blamed on the phenomenon. Finally, David connects hands with the Ark of the Covenant, now brought to Jerusalem and placed in a temple. This accidentally caused the death of those who contacted him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens. ... David leaves the temple and rains the dry land. This film is always interesting in scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author use the principle of the observer, and if he is directly guilty of the characters, he is more successful in virtually any Grecianized-East Eastern Near canon. adventures . It is well remembered for its brilliant realization, good shows and intelligent conversation, this dramatic effort is repeatedly explored.
