The sadest thing about this movie was only for 8 people to review their review and leave NO comments on a message board by NO-ONE. <br /> <br /> Philadelphia was made the same year ... The award-winning Tom Hanks Award ... this is the movie and awards to be watched by people. Human society, life, love, tenderness and beauty are more than any other gay movie I've ever seen in these two people ... and that's all true. <br /> <br /> To make it print, I have to leave some more lines of text: it is enough to know who would like to be gay in the 60s and 70s, and understand what is in front of AIDS's modern drug "cocktails" People breathe a bit It was easier ... the movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I will add a personal comment on AIDS. However, it's really a silver cover. When AIDS first arrived, it was called "gay cancer", and governments preferred to "let them die" to help save the research holes before spending a little research. Afterwards, it was clear that AIDS was a heterosexual illness. The government was not prepared for it; Therefore, when people started to live directly, the only organizations and associations available to them were those that were created by humans (for example, The Names Project: Memorial of all those killed, Act Up etc.). As a result, people who are in contact with normal gay life probably do not know that they were in need of it, because other organizations did not exist. This close relationship, in my opinion, is that the barriers of prejudice have finally been broken and that the gay world was definitively accepting the same. When AIDS appeared for the first time, many of us thought that this straightforward world would have been more difficult for us ... and it would probably have been true that they would not suddenly become ill; However, the progress made in the liberation of gay people - while writing this, while having 5 gay nations in the world that accept a gay marriage - these profits were much needed without AIDS, they brought us together. It is sad to think that these people, both direct and gay, should have died before the commonly-known human race, but if there is a truth that is being written here, and I think that, then there is a bit of comfort. We realize that all people have not died in vain.
