Even though Louis B. Mayer does not want to sign a young contract with Greta Garbo, this was the first American actress and MGM. It is evident that the film was awarded an amazing talent for shooting and painting. In fact, it has the most beautiful bag and beauty in the studio. It looks fine, 84 years later. <br /> <br /> Like Garbo himself, his first American film seems to be very similar. Although very popular, her make-up is much softer than it's been a long time later; It looks like a sharper look and you only see in the following movies. I'd like to keep that look, but how famous was it to look like a brand, who I do not have to go on the route? The film is about Garbo, and how he and his family land landlords constantly. The owner, Mrs. Bernarda, says that while the bank demands payment, the son of Garbo falls and the best way to get rid of them! Nice girl, right? Over the years, Garbo has become a new song that is known throughout the world. Later, when he returned to his home country, his old boy (because he had promised to marry his wife, but his mother refused to admit Doña Bernarda when he saw it). The new love of another lady has now been tested: whether this woman who is happy to marry, whether she is the heir of a giant pig or does she want to want her old flame? And, more importantly, would Garbo also lead him without acting in spirit? In the meantime, there is a giant storm. Flooding begins and homes will soon clear floods. Cortez and a friend make a great succession in some lakes! At a scene, of course, after passing over his rowing boat, he finally survived and led Garbo to the home where he is now staying. It welcomes you inside and continues until it passes through the storm. He then confesses that he still loves and assures him of the storm to make sure he is safe. She says she's losing her! Then you will see that Ricardo will marry the second chance, the daughter of the king's pig. Of course, he does not feel like that - you feel sorry for the lady, that she has not done anything wrong. Shortly thereafter, Cortez is looking for a home, with ill love and his need. In this scene, Garbo is very bright and can not say - as they dissolve in each other's arms. Once again, he tells him of his love. <br /> <br /> When Mrs. Bernarda knows this, she is not happy. Evidently, a Queen of Pigs catches him better than a well-known international singer. As a result of the confusion of this old woman, Garbo is left behind, trying not to come in between the mother and her boy. Cortez, however, runs away - he will announce that he must have himself and will not rest until he is his wife. After this declaration, a family friend speaks Cortez and intends to give him his career and reputation. So much "will not rest until his wife," right? Although Cortez is astonished, he can not hate himself. And so, the queen is married and she is very sad. A few years later, Garbo meets Cortez, he's a half-sad man. It's just as beautiful as ever. And it's not surprising, he asks him again to be lost. <br /> <br /> When this film was made, Garbo was not a US star and it was Cortez. That's why it's amazing that Cortez gave him an unknown character. They were usually given the assurance that they were before Valentino's role, here's a joke that is undecided, a joke. And from now on, his career was a slow down spiral. In Garbo, the role established as a big star. It was the focus of the film and later performed the characters. <br /> <br /> As for the film, it is a new music. It was very nice, even though it was repetitive. Printed, in a strange way, has been almost completely perfect, except for interactive title cards. Can use some restoration. And, in the few opinions that I think, I have no real complaints about the excellent movie.
