People were criticized for the Disney's 1950's animated features, which are very bright, as they are very pristine landscapes. It's just that criticism. However, the whole story can not be, since "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, located in a world of dazzling dirt, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colors are not very clear. The animation changes somewhat. I swear that some humans have rooted themselves - but then the rhetoric (including Cinderella itself) are not the characters in the entire scriptwriting character, so this approach works well enough. They are really animals that make the movie. In my opinion, the studio never used the former animals, instead of akne, as a totem. Mice, for example, are the creatures that lead us to the story; but they are actually Cinderella's colorless representatives or allies. Cat, Lucifer, the evil witch is Mother of the Virgin Mary. (The cat is lively and lively, one of the best feline creations of all time. Ward Kimball was an animator and he adapted his cat. He asked me how he put it with the animal.) without drawing attention to our main story of stealing the show. Their actions are most interesting in the light of the story. <br /> <br /> Major men are: Cast and Grand Duke. The king is a single-note character: he wants grandchildren and he does not seem to want another, but it's a nice note. The Grand Duchy is a character that deserves much more space than Cinderella. (However, although richer). "Cinderella" Disney returns an episode of eight years after a hiatus, with neither the same nor the subsequent movies, it would not have a resplendent brilliancy. in his first years. He also makes things harder by choosing "Cinderella". The hero is passive and no one can do it. (Perhaps I'm wrong about this score. I have not seen the latest "Ever After".) However, it's obvious how successful Disney had to live this unpleasant story without cutting off the spirits.
