The legendary film producer Walt Disney brought three of the world's most beautiful fairy tales. They are among the most popular animated films of all time. The first, "White Snow White and Seven Seven", which was first published, was an innovative classic. The last one, "Sleeping Beauty", was released in 1959. Among these, perhaps, it was perhaps the simplest adaptation of a classic. fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). From three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful to its origin. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", the final version of the story became much worse. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although successful, he was responsible for recovering the fortunes of Disney, like "Snow White", but he definitely deserved the same knowledge of the audience. Disney, once, was proud of not being able to manipulate the classics, if the story was worked on and added to the substance, just rewritten on the screen. The result was wonderful. <br /> <br /> The story of a brilliant combination of brilliant animations (Technicolor beautifully smooth) and lifelong voice talent. Radiowriters Ilene Woods recorded the songwriting album for Al Sheffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. After hearing Disney, he learned that he had found her Cinderella. And indeed he was. Woods's "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes," "It's It" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" tests are perfect. Eleanor Audley heard "Sleeping Beauty" in the Maleficent voice, capturing the cruelty of the master's master, as Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were swimmers. Luis Van Rooten appointed the King and the Grand Duke, and James Macdonald, both Jaq and Gus, was just as fascinated as Cuzcain's generous mouse. William Phipps has little conversation with the prince (when he is listening to his singer Mike Douglas in the future), but the veteran film (and Disney), born born to be a lover of Verna Felton (Oscar-winning "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" ) his show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists in charge of the "appearance" of the film, Mary Blair was, that Disney's color was very inspired. His exquisite French era has been added to the quality of the film. However, the most important thing is Cinderella's credible characters, Lucifer's, an evil dolphin dome. Life and life often tell the story to create something very difficult in an animated film. <br /> <br /> With the 55th anniversary of the film (and not coinciding with the holidays). season) "Cinderella" has just been published on a special DVD edition. It's just never looked better. A completely restored movie, it is enough, it's a wonderful look. Stereo soundtrack has improved and music is good. Additional DVDs, which are now the standard part of the Disney Platinum Editions, are very good for publishing here, but, as usual, some are geared towards children, some are for adults, and others fall apart. True fans want to get Deluxe gift sets together with eight characters from the movie and eight sketches, with a book of 160 pages that is hard to find, and it does not include most of the material found in the book. Special edition of the 1995 edition at home, but much more. As usual in Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, like me, you are a lover of "Cinderella", NOW! This edition really is "Dream Come True".
