All horror fans have films to watch themselves (or herself), and Emilio Miraglia's "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte". "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. Thanks to Gialli and Gothic Tales as the favorite genres of Horror genres, I wanted to see this movie for a long time and despite my high expectations, this masterpiece overwhelmed my highest expectations. The giant of Miraglia earlier, "The Night Evelyn Cove Out of the Grave" (1971), was a huge movie that successfully mixed with Giallo Gothic Horror, but could not compare it with its immediate favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is one of the most special and horrific films of Italian horror ever ever, and the genre's lovers would not think it's missing. A giant rich giant Gothic figure, "The Queen Queen" provides everything that could be expected in two genres: a rich and highly credible plot, a revival for the spine, an incredibly astonishing atmosphere and horrific spots. colors, exquisite murders, a great score, and not least, a great female routine given by this lovely beautiful Bouchet Bouquet. This movie is simply an elegant and horrific beauty. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a beautiful German Gothic castle. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sisters are fighting Evelyn when his grandfather tells behind a strange painting. Legend has it that a young Red Lady must return to the castle for a hundred years and return to the castle and kill seven men. Twelve years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people start to die ... Miraglian's director has already proved his incredible talents of style, atmosphere and incredible color with "The Night Evelyn Cove Out of The Grave" and uses these elements much more effectively in this treasure "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a festive show and the most spectacular and spectacular Horror films in Italy. Only paintings in the father's castle can give goosebumps to the viewer, as never before is the Red Lady (or the Red King, in English title) It is the humble image of a Giallo, the laughter that comes up with murders, it would be terribly frightening. <br /> <br /> A sexy cast woman is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this is an excellent example. Barbara Bouchet fairies (my actress one of the favorites) has never been one of the most beautiful women on the screen and is also an excellent actor. The presence of Boucheten in the Italian film u has graded wheat; Among others, in 1972, he featured three of the most important masterpieces of the Italian cinema of the seventies (1972): Fernando Di Leo's "Milano Calibro 9", Lucio Fulci's Giallo-highlight "Don 'tortured duckling" and this unforgettable curiosity. Apart from the wonderful Miss Bouchet, beautiful women of the movie also seem to be sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("Night Evelyn Cove Out of the Grave") and other beauty that is not afraid of getting out of the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the killings are exquisite and very elegant, but they are terrifying and macabre, some of which are terrific. Bruno Nicolaen's brilliant score is memorable, like what he does, and makes the movie even more awful. The plot is filled with red grass, passing through the voltage levels every minute. "The Red King ..." begins dramatically and the last second is astonishing. Generally, that is, they could not find enough praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece between the best genres, and is one of the most beloved fans of Horror and / or Italian cinema. 10/10
