Michael Curtiz directed the elegant style of 1930 by Robert Presnell, Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel was "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps from a writer's perspective, the most mysterious Philo Vance, S.S. Van Dine strange. He wrote Vance Long and was a superb detective, and the character assigned to William Powell was probably the Warner Brothers' directors, who found out that there were fewer detectives in the hands of the audience. Fortunately William Powell was named as the first person; Later, before being sent to the situation of "B", Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas played. Warner Brothers' directors asked why Vance was chosen as another question; Their commitment was to choose men from outside the law, among the fake killers and individual rights champions were not without discrimination. This movie has the deadly cheating criminals and the premises that have been challenged by claustrophobic inside an apartment. The characters are incredibly not recognizable by the characters, but rather the good and most extraordinary direction; Except for the dark look of B / W, the movie avoids comic aspects, unnecessary characters, and unstoppable dialogue with many early detective detectives. Jack Okey made good art direction. Berhard Kaunen's music is useful; Orry-Kelly made outfits. William Reese offered mostly internal cinematography. According to an interesting scooter, Powell, Philo Vance of his time, is above all a suggestion of a sarcastic sound here and there. Eugene Paleta is better than usual as Vance is a brilliant police partner, with a very professional time. The best off best actress Paul Cavangh is beautiful, as always effective as it was written as part of the red herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but she spoke for a moment rapidly in her career to make it as effective as it proved later. Also, the cast was The Wicked Woman of Helen Vinson, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat's cause for killing him, Archer Coe, and Frank Conroy as his brother Robert as McWade; curious and funny Etiienne Girardot is a funny little medical court that places the crime scene. James Lee is a wicked servant of brilliant Chinese intelligence. The story breaks into four parts. First, there are shad doings in a dog show. There, Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show Highland Highlanders. Cavanagh's dog has been killed by Coe to win over his title to win the title. It involves capturing the scene in the second half; someone has gone to where it's enough to get mixed up, after Vell's beloved friend, to kill Coe's sweetheart without fail. Vance goes in to find out what Archer Coe had found in the locked room and how, with the help of Palette; Romantic difficulties are corrected, Chinese civil servants are excluded, we found out who the expensive vase, who marries she will marry how Archer Coe was done and why the butler did not do it, but someone else made a good excuse. More than one small mystery, that is, the Hungarian expert director directed by Curtiz has taken on very seriously. It uses slabs, fast cuts, camera angle changes, and straightforward and daring cameras to make a difference, interest and a steady pace. I write myself writers, critics and many experts, I think it's the best Vance project, although others are also worth the effort.
