"Markham," says the Chief of Staff, Philo Vance (William Powell), forensic attorney: "I think it's more and more that Archer Coe died in that room, parts ... everything is here." "But Vance," says Markham, "has you told me that a dead man was climbing?" "I do not try to justify the facts," says Vance. "This is the most important case of my experience." <br /> <br /> We are kind. Archer Coe Archogant, a wealthy man who did not like him, got himself in a chair in his bedroom, with gun in his hand and he was injured in his head. But wait. The more evidence shows that Coe had a powerful tool that split itself to himself. Then the dagger is on the back. Matters make Coe's bedroom more complicated by the door and windows. Coe did not commit suicide; he was murdered But how can the murderer escape? What motivation has so much been the suspect? And why did Cois brother, Brisbane Coe, found on the main floor wardrobe? <br /> <br /> The Joker's Murder Case, now 73, still looks stylish in the ancient classic block. What works so well, first of all, the mystery is complicated and fast, but it is still logical. Second, William Powell's performance is fun and safe. Think of his work in Philo Vance, as an essay for his great performances by Nick Charles. A few things escape Vance. He uses his spirit to leave things. Besides, it's a good company. Powell was a star in the twenties, and the state and reputation grew steadily. His mind, style and sophistication effort has become one of the most contemporary forms of the past actors. <br /> <br /> Also nice to see other big faces. Mary Astor is Hilda Lake, Coe, a young, sensitive and rich room. Paul Cavanaugh, a British man named Hilda; Helen Vinsons is very pleased and selfish with herself (see her actually do things in Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a young man of age, who works as a doctor and doctor in Doremus; and Ralph Morgan Archer Coe as private secretary. This movie has a high percentage of middle-aged men with no fat, exquisite cut-outs and easy to wear in English. Most often Eugene Palette, with a noble stomach and gravely voice, Heath's neck. Heath and Vance are some of those who have long-term friends.
