It is noteworthy that mine is not the third review of this film, Patton-Lust for Glory, which Frank McCarthy has produced as the first biography of a controversial American-American general of the Second World War, has attracted almost a hundred comments. As a former reviewer, I'm interested in why a movie should pay more attention than another. <br /> <br /> The differences between the two films are centered on `Patton ', which would be quite widespread at the end of World War II and not only does this' MacArthur' war but also the role of the Korean war, as well as the occupied Japan the term of the American governor, interlude. /> <br /> The main difference lies in the way in which the two leaders play. This movie, Gregory Peck, prevails over George C Scott's "Patton". While Scott had another important star, Karl Malden, while playing Bradley's general, another actor in `MacArthur 'is not at least one of the names of his family in his film. Scott, of course, portrayed Patton as aggressive and harsh, and sometimes he was conflicting with the rest of man, not only the enemy. I suspect that in real life, MacArthur, was a volcanic person like Patton, but it did not appear in this movie. Peck's MacArthur is a more thought-provoking and thought-provoking play, which he played in some of his films in comparison to the liberal intellectuals. Sometimes, it seems the political left. Due to the surrender of Japan in 1945, a large part of his speech could have been written by a member, and his politics of reforming the Japanese society into American occupation were a semi-socialist air. The effort to showcase MacArthur's gift to promote leadership, Peck speaks brilliantly, but his lectures always seem to be more tricky in the ordinary ruler than in the heart's fires. Atticus Finch's "To Kill a Mockingbird" is the same as the general uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott tried out a portrait of Patty's' Warts and All ', he criticized this `MacArthur'. It shines a few less attractive attractions. I think this criticism is reasonable, especially in the Korean War. The film was believed to have been the excellence of the general MacArthur, who did not fight against the war and did not know that politicians dared to brave it, and during that time the victory was damaged. Many historians, of course, feel they are forced to steal Truman MacArthur, because last resort was a danger to world peace, and there was no denial of the possibility of refusing to allow Stalin to humiliate his allied Chinese. In the Korean scenes, MacArthur Peck comes as idealistic rather than when his real life is original; We see little about its political malice and its malice and innocence. Eisenhower has said that Truman knows "as much as a pig on Sunday" policies, but MacArthur can also approach international diplomacy. Perhaps it is time to try to paint some warts of MacArthur. At the end of the 1970s, after two traumatisms in Vietnam and Watergate, it was time for a long time in America, and people in search of security could receive the most striking heroic repression of previous-born military figures. Another critical feature of the movie falls between two seats. If you want to be a full biography of MacArthur, it should show something about his early life, that is, it's not covered. (The first thing we see in general is that it drives America's resistance to the Philippine invasion). A theme that is going on throughout the film is the influence of the general MacArthur's father, the military hero. I would like to see Arturo Arthur MacArthur, and why he thought his son was a hero and role model. Another interesting way of making films was to focus on the battle against Tore and Koreara in Macore, along with both actors and actors with similar actors. The way the movie was made was less interesting than one of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> I could have mistaken the impression that I did not like the whole movie. Although I have not agreed to the interpretation of the main role of Pecken, he denied that he was a professional and serious person. The movie is generally a good biopic, thought-provoking and well-informed. It's a good movie, but it could be better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> In a pedantical note, the DMZ demonstrates the map showing through MacArthur's Korean War, the limit of two Korean states that were not existent until the war. (The frontal of war was parallel to 38th.) I also think that MacArthur was talking about 'toksin' in war. The war may be toxic, but it's hard to hear a tooth ring thirsty.
