When I finished my Hollywood movie, I saw permission through its films and DEMONICUS was there for five buckaroos, fifty percent! I only saw it once and I did not get enough! The second inspection was much better than the first one. The box is so green and music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus, if you've rented and hurt Demonicus, I suggest you take another opportunity, if you take into account another opinion. If you saw a copy of a Hollywood copy, I did not overcome it, as it is dissipated! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a very similar but funny movie. Believe it or not It's like watching an interactive video game that does not play! It's like little budgets and actors know that nobody knows. We started the game of video games with the guy and the woman with the Italian film, where he said there is a cave that appears on a railway / rail tunnel that did not enter and what he does. ? The most common thing! THIS IS NOT SUCCESSFUL! He enters and finds Gladiator's artifacts and armor and almost perfectly preserved body of the legendary Tyrannous Gladiator. Where did he get the chair sitting on the tyrant and how his body was so tight and where did the Cauldron Pot? So, each cave is made up of Caultron Pot? Tyrant armor, helmet wearing and one or two weapons. It makes the most dangerous thing that a person can do, helmets and takes the spirit. Tirana! From there, he will kill all the campuses to bring a real tyrant. <br /> <br /> Now, I said earlier like a video game. It's hard to explain, but it just feels. Music plays like a video game. The play is really awful. The actor is saying why he is saying what he says, oh it was nuts and when I went to the house of Fine, it also has great mistakes. One guy races and at night he is trying to find his girlfriend and is still working on the day, looking for no rest. <br /> <br /> This movie has some mistakes but it's not a classic Werewolf, but it's entertaining if you like a really low-budget movie, you'll see Demonicus better!
