It may be due to pressure from the moral (even only) dilemma that concerns the conscience against work-related stress and family business-or maybe the central downturn in the catalyst. Written and directed by Henry Bromell and analyzed by William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland in a dark and absurd drama. Depending on the understanding and denial, apathy and, finally, the conflict and fear that arises from the conflict may cause a moment of confrontation, the moment at which it will eventually be solved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; She has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), her six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), who runs the house and is the main source of income with a family payment business. "Sharing his relationship with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But it's empty; The years that are being worked on this specific trade has left him for a year and has left him, a psychologist, Dr. He thinks John Parsons (John Ritter) think about watching a psychologist. And worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), Dr. While waiting for Parks, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell) meets a young woman whose presence is only alive because she remembers for the first time. . He quickly becomes a brick in the wall of a conflict that loves his work, and soon after his meeting, he can not stop thinking about it. In his entire life, it seems, he has become a "state" - he seems to love who does not seem to be able to eradicate himself. He can deny his age and, in fact, he has come to be in the midst of real crises, but he will only disappear on his own problems that he finds before him. It is at a crossroads and decides the path to go. And he must do it very soon. <br /> <br /> From a concept of special interest, Bromell has built a study of terrifying characters and perspectives, and presents a way that allows. Some moments of reflection that allow the viewer to deepen and understand. It is clear that there are no simple answers that are not in real life in a simple way. His characters are well-defined and very real, they represent the diversity of life and also in a specific family unit. The film involves children who are transmitted inevitably to sins of father, with consequences and unknown effects. When you grow up, you accept that your personal environment is worldwide; and often we will begin to be years of age and begin to understand and understand that the moral parameters established by each person who walks on the planet and those established by their father would not be directed to their son. And at that moment Alex finds himself; Therefore, the medium-term crisis or, specifically, the crisis of consciousness can not escape. Bromell gives a powerful message, in short, with the help of the great shows of his actors. <br /> <br /> For a long time, it has been one of the premiere actors of William H. Macy. Creating various characters Quiz Kid Donnie Smith's "Magnolia", The Shoveler 'Mystery Men' and Jerry Lundegaard's 'Fargo'. And that is the sample of many of his achievements. At this time, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes" and is a very funny comment because Macy's performance is here and she has the ability to transmit real emotions. the inner agitation that lives Think of the scene sitting on the bed; At this moment, as it is unstoppable, it is clear that he is joining himself, not only with an immediate state, but also with everything he has brought in his life. In this scene, there is a total life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty to date; All things that were at the heart of Alex's life, now gradually breaks his defense mechanisms and eventually emerge, confront and solve. Macy is a complex character that has been delivered and delivered, with absolute precision, being Alex truly memorable. He is capable of linking all the people who are faced with an apparently insurmountable odds situation who is faced with a state of affairs. It's a great job for one of the best actors. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is very effective; Michael Strogoff is in a way that makes himself unhappy. It's terrifying to actually consider those people who are on the ground. This is not a fictitious fiction or an evil type of James Bond, but the real personification of evil, which is so much more confusing that it is hidden behind an appearance that looks like a man that is so common. And Sutherland brings it to life with a good performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks like Sarah, but her performance (as usual) seems seemingly unfathomable, although her behavior is also a problem in adapting to the character and a positive aspect of the film. Sometimes if he turned his forces inward, he would make a great change as he presented his character. Pity is, however, one of his greatest efforts; It's a great trip to the end. 9/10. <br /> <br />
