Last Christmas I unfortunately got one of the series of 1200 Half Ultimate Bourne sets. However, I was fifty days old, but I saw the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Some recent trilogies ended before the victory over the line, I approached "The Bourne Ultimatum", but I should not be worried. The sequences of electrical actions and the struggling scenes effortlessly blend together with intelligent stories, to become one of the thriller threats that best performs, I remember remembering and an excellent ending of a great series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after the apparent flight of Blackbriar Operation, a new program based on the old Treadstone project, the journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in The Guardian. He decides to know more about his half-remembered past, Bourne chooses the route again, but others of the CIA are subdivided as Deputy Director of Noah Vos (David Strathairn), Bourne himself escapes and begins to renew the strength of the evil forces. Can Bourne, in the end, find the answers that are being sought or its old employers will be silent? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt confused with "The Bourne Supremacy", because it depicted the realism of the scenes of action scenes and was a good spying. It was not lost, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it was a spy novel that seemed like an action thriller. There is no such concern here: all the car accidents, punchings, shots and guns are heard and feel pleasurable, but fortunately, it still maintains a wonderful and intelligent spy story based on its action. He also blends them with the two previous films, offering a good trilogy book, which explains and opens up until the whole picture is published. Shows are very similar, though Julia Styles is proud to offer more than just candy. At least, like all other Bourne films, it has nothing to do with the original novel, except Ludlum's fan, this is not really a reason to not miss out on such a movie. highest quality <br /> <br /> Nothing was more pleasant to me than the movie, and despite the fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a movie full of bones and bones. A plot of land that never stopped paying any attention for just one minute. It's also the last coil, you're never surely sure whether it's a happy ending, whether it's a fan of the series (or not, what else do you want?), This is a movie you need to go down as soon as possible. It is not surprising that the Bond producers in the series have been shooting new movies for fifty-five years. Bourne is a modern spy hero, and the latest Bond film resembles Austin Powers, without having to reinstall the "Casino Royale" from the Bond series. Being missing films by Jason Bourne is a crime that is a good interpretation. Go to DVD copy. It's not the Ultimate Bourne Collection - limited edition, I'm afraid!
