Dramatic license - some hate it, even if it is necessary to restore the story of any life. In "Lucy", Lucille Ballen's adolescents, senior career and Desi Arnaz's 20-year-old marriage will include the main points, although truncated and rewritten. <br /> <br /> The main emotional point is the light of Lucy's life: Lucille finds himself as an actress as a niche and eventually captivating comedian Lucy Ricardo's legendary character. Desi Arnaz is a confused, romantic and endless marriage. Lucy & Desi is the first empire of television and continues as the most memorable TV sitcom ever. <br /> <br /> With Lucille Ball, Rachel York makes a wonderful job. Do not expect Judy Davis to watch the miraculous Transformation by Judy Garland, but York's Ball-willed willly likable, and she's very funny on her own. Although the timing of his comedy is different from Lucy, it's still incredible. The film never takes a lot of detail about his attitude, and he has treated Voodan Vance for "I Love Lucy" years, but York portrays Lucy's rehearsal for privacy. <br /> <br /> Daniel Pino is more charismatic and thinner than the real Desi, but he has his own charm and, above all, has a great job with Desi's accent, especially in the initial scene. Madeline Zima was honest, not even memorable, young Lucy. Vivian Vance and William Frawley were not many, thankfully, Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman did not play a compelling role. . They are not themselves good actors but they were not suitable for the people they were playing. The majority of the actors were Austrailia and New Zealand, and sometimes repressed accents can be found. <br /> <br /> Although the main structure of the film is stuck with the historical event, there are many deviations, some seemingly incomprehensible. . Jess Oppenheimer, the lead author of Lucy's "My Favorite Husband", began in 1948 when he arrived at the scene that supports "I Love Lucy" in 1951. creator! This film also directs the CEO of Marc Daniels, "I Love Lucy" for his entire career, not forgetting that William Asher had replaced him the first season. Also, although I am convinced that I am confident of the budget constraints, they live in the same apartment of Ricardo when they live in New York, when they moved to apartments in 1953. The kitchen set is slightly larger and the smaller the original one. The Connecticut house looks like the original, unless condensed and restructured the right and left sides of the house. <br /> <br /> Also, when purchased by Desi RKO in 1953, as a result of Lucy's alleged fluctuation, RKO did not even market it until 1957. These changes could be a dramatic permit and the film did not. We would be working to convey the main events, but would it hurt to show a bit of respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two of the key figures in the "I Love Lucy" story? The biggest Gaffs are the "I Love Lucy" scenes, at least some of them. It is always dangerous to recreate something that has been searched for by the bill millions of people, but even when they are doing NESTS. The scene of the massive Breadcrumbs was cut short, and anyone immediately aware of that section could immediately see the differences! The "Being a Baby" number was shortened, but that's why it was almost dead. Without a doubt, the best was the "vines" scene, which Rachel York sealed with Lucy's fashion. Producers decided not to direct the wise "Vitametavegamin" and decided to try to rebuild them in the sweets factory, instead of rehearsing actors. These scenarios were effective as a result of this approach. <br /> <br /> The main fault of the film is that the audience assumes that they know much about Lucy's life, much more than it is or is totally excluded. In general, Lucy and Desi give a decent portrait of the marriage, and mistakes can be true when character development works effectively.
