I thought that Rachel York was just as "Lucy". I've also seen "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and each of these shows has developed very different and very real characterizations. She is a camelian (and sung) who can play anything! <br /> <br /> I am very impressed by the negative reviews that Rachel plays on "Lucy". Even though television and entertainment critics seem to have lost their portrayal point. Many people, indeed, Rachel does not really look like Lucy. My answer is: "And what?" I was not looking for Lucy's skin fault. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel definitely gave us this, deeply. Also, I did not want to see someone who is doing classy Lucy routines. That's why I was very pleased with the decision of the producer and director, for listening to Rachel's playful portrait of Lucy, Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some reviewers did not realize that these two scenes are essentially sequential and not drafts). This approach, I thought, gave us an innovative reflection on what sketches many of us remember. I thought Rachel was terribly cool and fun in these scenes. And he rebuilt the habits that were rebuilt - especially the teacher and the rumor of the grape. There was a certain moment in the scene of the grape where the corner of Rachel's mouth, which Lucy reminds me. I could not believe that he was able to get out and so naturally. <br /> <br /> Many people who criticized the screening hope to see Lucille Ball in "I Love Lucy"? full movie In the end, when we were only acquainted with TV, we would not be able to say, in a way, how Lucy was in the years of her first films. I think that Rachele has shown tremendous evolution in the character that was captivating. We planted the seeds with the best, so the clowns were waiting to emerge, with the right circumstances. Lucy did not adapt to the old studio molds. In his frustrated efforts to make the movie from that era stereotyped, he repressed the latest presents. <br /> <br /> I think that Rachele had comedy, theater, humor, sadness, and anger. Passion, love, ambition, loyalty, honesty, self-absorption, childhood and all esticity were incorporated into a complex American icon. And he himself absolutely loved the authenticity and freshness. "Lucy" was a star for Rachel York. I hope that in the future, it is a great mission. I hope I also bring an Emmy.
