When Bourne Identity arrived five years ago I must admit I do not think much. At that time I was eleven years old, so perhaps I was too young to understand the story really and understand the whole scene. Two years ago, when Bourne Supremacy came up I thought it was a better movie than I thought, but I still do not think I'm going to judge it with trailers. For the past two years, Bourne's films have been telling me many times, and many times I had to suck my tongue and I did not think about what I said. I could not figure out about Bourne Ultimatum for about two months ago, I really did not intend to watch it. But then I decided to go back and first I saw it before I had a violent decision. So I bought and bought the original movies. And he was surprised when he was in them. Personality I found the two main ones, but the dominance is not behind. They are both hanging, full of action and an exciting piece of cinema, as I've seen several times since I've bought. That's why, today, I had the line to see Bourne Ultimatum. And the boys Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies, I saw Talent with Mr. Ripley, but I never thought much about it as a whole. However, it seems that it was Bourne (punishment punishment). During this series we have changed the nature of our eyes. In this movie, Matt Damon, his best, even better, is better than The Departed and I thought that The Departed was one of the best things. You expect that you look after the character and know everything. Matt Damon works with a calm intensity and you will always find his character very credible. The support provided by the film was very prominent. Joan Allen Bourne Supremacy was one of my favorites, here he stood out. His character is very credible and he plays at the moment at the end of the movie. Julia Stiles once again appears in Nicky, and finally we learn a bit about her nature. Julia Stiles is a very little actor and I think that it's worth a lot of role, but it works well. David Strathairn, the protagonist of Noah Vos, is definitely a bad movie and it's really outstanding. Certainly, the person we met was the most terrible, and the decisions taken are very wrong. Strathairn enjoys the role and also has great scenes in the movie. Special mention Albert Finney takes advantage of his screen for a short time, I'm not going to say anything about the character, strangely enough, but believe me some of the scenes in the movie. <br /> <br /> Bourne's films have always had more attention to the story than sequences of action, that is, missing trilogy sequences of action, a good god, not many of them filmed. . But walking through the film is a very well-written storyline and a well-functioning storyline. This story ends in the way you can imagine this movie. When I saw Supremacy, I noticed that I saw the Ultimatum little by little tonight. The latest scene from the New York Supremacy, much more important at the time I imagined. You did not harm the people, but I've checked it on Supremacy before seeing Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for many people, they will see Ultimatum only for action sequences. That is, I must condemn those people and tell them that they should see the storyline, but I would lie, if I do not say that my favorite parts of the whole Bourne series continues. Identity's minor car harassment is one of my favorite cars of all time. The Ultimatum action must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the movie begins with a sequence of action in Moscow. So we get a lot of punch over the length of the movie, all very violent and shocking. Bicycle harassment is absolutely astonishing, even more surprising is the many pedestrian crossings, the unforgettable, exciting cars, and much more! In my opinion, Waterloo's station must be a scene, it will not be ruined, but they were mixed for some reason. <br /> <br /> So, do you make a mistake? Not in my eyes, but if you have not seen the Bourne series or have not seen it in the previous two years, I would not recommend Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to gain new fans, because it takes the franchise as much as possible and adds a small sequence of stories and action. Bourne Ultimatum is definitely the best of the series and the best blockbuster in 2007. Fanatic James Bond is a great honor for me to say that it is much better than Ultimatum Bond movies, and that it takes confidence. to say a lot to me. Bourne, in general, may not be better than Bond, but it's almost identical.
