I have never gone away to say that most of the movies are not for me to do anything. In most cases, they are vibrant vehicles, transform things, show sexy models, and look like reality or intelligence from the window. That's why the Bourne series was great. Doug Liman took on a new action using more film proofing, showing full force battles and linking our spying on someone emotionally and humanly. This was not Bond science fiction nonsense (an innovative version before the style of this series is less). When Bourne Supremacy appeared, he was worried. Together with Paul Greengrass, it was a style and style that could be a second-hand copy of the original. The stakes were raised and that's why the story was improved. Greengrass needs a lot of credit in order to continue appearing in the last part of The Bourne Ultimatum. In a surprising result of a first trilogy, the action is taken to a new level and the story and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again Bourne goes to the CIA's minds. fake fraud Someone has provided information on the innovative version of Blackbriar, Treadstone, and Bourne is trying to talk with a new newspaper that has sparked the story. Only Pamela Landy, who was in the Supremacy case, was aware that this could not be. Bourne's reason was to stay out of government and live his life in peace. The CIA has been reopened to cause disaster. What is happening is that Bourne wants to know the source, knowing who it is at last and what has become a killer. The film turns into persecution and anti-persecution and finds the source and breaks government and ends loose in the ends, or if Bourne takes revenge on those who have killed his life. br /> <br /> The series is the easiest series in the series, the only persecution that lasts the whole story, probably the biggest cast of character and has been loyal to reveal corruption. story progress This does not cause any harm, however, because the plot continues fighting fights and cars in the whole context. The film is worthy of access to this film, only between Bourne and the second active CIA. If you leap from the windows of Madrid, the persecution is cool, but eventually we will fight for about ten minutes, as you can see any scene you see. Also, as in the first two films, instead of using a massive self-bullying, we move on three small-scale races, such as life, but have changed enough to ever enter into monotonous action. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, the origin of our favorite player is also heartfelt and we feel. At the end of the film, we will report all the spying and destruction of the surrounding area. Nobody could make it better than Matt Damon. In action sequences, it should be compelling both physically and in attitude, but also with moments of cat and mouse correspondence with its opposites. Joan Allen's role is to recover his work, but at the same time, Brian Cox's dismay for what has happened since the first two films. Having a role in that mold, we give David Strathairn a nice turn. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and no one answers when he decides. In addition to covering relationships with the Blackbriar program makers, as long as they are trying to make their own country, you can never measure what they need to do. The little ones also do a wonderful job, like a reporter Paddy Considine, who flatters everything in the middle, a man from the past Albert Finney Bourne, and probably his source, and Edgar Ramirez, a CIA agent. Bourne to get out. Ramirez is a delightful role played by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He does not speak much, however, but the robotic appearance and efficiency is lower and fortunately he will get more roles to show what Domino can do to make a nice round. <br /> <br /> Yes, at the end, Paul Greengrass should applaud the hope of overcoming and failing to overcome the expectations and previous successes of the series. His hand-made appearance is the amazing ability and Tony Scott's kinetic energy, but without a seizure reduction. Instead of making you feel like exaggerating production, hand-made use improves the environment and gives you direct action. We have also made the credits of the film-maker Oliver Wood, who has shot all three of Bourne's films. He was able to work with both directors and his style was able to work with a pleasant harmony with them.
