He tried to do the same thing as the "Batman" with "Gilligan's Island", which he did with "Surviving Gilligan's Island". Under the title "Gilligan's Island Surviving" (full title: "History of Gilligan's Survival Age: a horrifying story of three long-running horizons"), a few years before it was special. Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("Teacher") tell the story of creation, cancellation, rewriting and revival. On the way stories were portrayed by portraits of original cast and crew. It was very well done. It was fun, it was well shot and it was a true documentary of the show. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> "Return to Itzurra: Adan and Burteko gaiztakeria" is a similar style. By telling the story of the show, the reactions, in general, are the same feelings. It's a straightforward approach to "surviving". <br /> <br /> "When I came back", Adam West and Burt Ward received two invitations for a car show they did not want to invite. After being given permission, Adam and Burt are witnesses in the middle of the spectacle: the mythical Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to continue by reflecting on their reflections on the history of the show. This is what Batmobile has finally stolen and why it is reborn. <br /> <br /> Choosing to use this idea (being a plot of land) is the biggest drop in this show. Unlike "Survival", the "Return" has to follow the story of an interesting (Batmobile Robbery) viewer rather than focusing on the attention of the audience (the history of the show). the best historical sections that make the best. As a casting (as in the case of "Surviving") it's superb. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") get the feel of the actors as they look like no other. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a greater resemblance to his subject, but Gorshin's endless charm does not catch him, only his characterization. They are short and functional portraits of other actors, no one is particularly good or bad. Many of the stories have been mentioned before, but they are mostly playing, sometime occasionally with a rough presentation. Another bizarre story from historical sections was the use of Lyle Waggoner's Batman essay footage. Flashback is, of course, the only place where the graphical points on the plot are used to advance the main story. This flashbacks unconditionally downloads them. <br /> <br /> "The main plot" (if we need to call it) is, of course, playful. This is not really the same fault, but it is not enough to cover the mere leads. Strong performances and good writing make up a stupid plot (especially, especially in such things), but we do not get anywhere here. West and Ward's appearances seem pretty flat (even for them); Conversation is carefully written to be natural. Again, I think the comparison of "Gilligan's Island Surviving" can be seen especially when there is only one flashback to be found there. It will be everything that is "alive". He tries to double his "return" and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmars do well (although I agree with others that Gorshin did not live well and that Newmarre had it - and what is Wagoner doing well?) But they do not give enough. Again, I think everyone would be better off presenting a fair presentation here. <br /> <br /> A strange point about "Return". The special one is about "Batman" series and its history, but all the videos shown are from theatrical films. Wagoner's footage is also technically accumulated. You know that you are "One-story", then you will know that the movie was originally planned, a delay in favoring the TV program when CBS had to meet fast time. So when Waggoner and West tried to play the role, it was not for the TV movie. Why "Return" is only used for footage. Probably it must be related to rights-related issues, but it's a distraction to those who know it: today's Julie Newmar, but the footage of Catwoman Lee Meriwether in the past. <br /> <br /> General, I liked the show, especially for flashback. I would like the style of "Gilligan's Island Surviving", but I understand why they wanted more pieces to direct the story. Also, I like this people. It's nice to watch it and it's still fun with one of the most excellent pieces of entertainment history. I'd rather do it a bit better and the original cast would be more alive.
