Over the years, we've seen a lot of things made by writers, we had to keep up with what was going to happen, after keeping John Ritter "8 simple rules", but this is probably the first time I watched. Being "70th Anniversary" without Eric or Kelso is a ridiculous idea to a lesser extent. They tried to cover Leo with the lid and the most accidental story lines, but always why he was so fond of the main character. Simply not connecting, there was never a lot of fun with them all the time. In the last season, the season was too much for each character, just because Eric had a lot of time on the screen and now he's got on his face and the rest of the characters. Fez is not very interested in focusing on the gimmick and the character is just going to work, because the whole deal was strange to say something from nowhere, and you can not say anything from nowhere to the second line is yours. They also brought standard Oliver cousin, this time there was not a child. When someone listened to each other when you tapped the door, Randy did not begin to pray, let Randy not let him. Randy's statement said he was really joking, as usual, as Red would say, smiling like a butt and shaking it down, and Donna would point it out. Over half the last season, Donna seemed to have fun. The problems started earlier, however: once it was a magnificent show, it was an equally magnificent concept and, once it was not a dysfunctional family, it was slowly entering the Chilean territory. Everyone was in love with each other, emotional scenes were dragged in the upper part, and we were seeing "As Turn the World Turns" to divert attention to a small bicycle. I believe that the character was a development, but this is almost "awkwardly written" as a moral teaching of "Family Affairs". To make it sound, the last episode also had a cameo with Topher Grace (a kameo on his show), it was very good, though this is not fun. <br /> <br /> By the way, there are still more critics of 8 seasons: what was the hell open? The joke itself was not used twice (a character that only sings), Fez shocked me. Mom, do not open your eyes away. However, in the first five seasons, he is one of the best comedians of the past.
