Before that, I copied a generous copy with Sylvia Kristel, who imitated "Emmanuelle" series. It was amazing that it was really good. It really has a story, and it's very romantic indeed. What is "Yellow Emanuelle" is so good the main hero, Chai Lee is beautiful and exotic. Emy Wong's character is so pleasing, the audience has to feel something when dreams fall around her. Emy Wong is a highly respected PhD, a statue with a regular quality. An old family is important, old habits are still practiced. She will remain a virgin Emy until she is married to a man who has never met. Beautiful medicine seems to agree with the marriage. It's just the way it's in the world. However, he has not guessed finding and falling in love with the British rider who finishes his job at the hospital where he cares. Emy decides to eliminate the habit and give it to his western man. However, after having played for a long time, Dr. Wong is just a nice woman. George rider is a good man and he commits Emy to marry, so he does not lose his respectability and the place of his stiff society. Nobody has a third party, Ilona Staller, who destroys her relationship, through some nasty games. Emy thinks he has abandoned his man, he will only play with him to sleep with that game. Its place is in society. The film is stunning and dramatic, since this proud and elegant woman leaves her career, and she also has a sweet relationship with her father, and loses the life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised that I was so penetrating in the tragic operatic story. I was in the corner of my seat, when George was returning to the town, knowing that this beautiful emy is involved as a prostitute! Classical drama I think many audiences were slightly frustrated in this drama. Here we expect a great deal of sex and nudity, but there is not much. And if it exists, it is not totally exploitable and very art and soft. If you're a fan of First Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you're probably familiar with classic comics. I was very impressed with the details. Emy is full of the whole segment that Emy George takes to her father home. Father George, and the viewer shows an amazing collection of Bonzai trees. It has a miniaturized forest from surprising trees. Surprise After catching a cable TV night, I've been looking for a long time on the Internet to get a copy of that movie. When I finally got it I saw that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama For the DVD version, George suddenly finds out a sub-tale with an unknown deadly illness! I preferred the cable version better. We're glad that this curious jewelry has been published on DVD. I also have to mention beautiful cinematography and a strange and remarkable 70 soundtrack. While you see this, you feel very rare and quite unique. I recommend the thoughtful viewers who do not require sex and violence to keep their interests.
