I'm Curious (Yellow) (a movie, Seussical Rhyme is near, said, initially, two versions will be available, yellow and blue) was the first great hit of the house of the art when it came to Sweden. In the United States he had a scandal scandal / a cause-celebrity when he was in custody and went to the Supreme Court. What is clear in today's image is not what is sex or nudity, director Vilgot Sjoman / "actor" filmed a variety of scenes, because meat and genitals have a lot of occasional and occasional graphics, but it's always intellectual expression, lust, but "metafilm" a daring attempt but also a real statement about the situation in Sweden. Who knows these things, in general, in politically peaceful countries (that is, commonly neutral in external affairs and wars)? At least Sjoman's purpose is here. <br /> <br /> Like a filmmaker like Dusan Makavajev, works like WR (not surrealistic and horrible) or, to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Sjoman's political and sexual mix (especially politics and politics) social strata ) in the middle of making a comment about the inclusion of a character in the film around. Both characters, Lena and Borje, have a hot-cold relationship in the film's history, where Lena is a "curious" socialist society in a booth in the forest that shows how to escape and "trains". To fully operate it to become one, at the same time maybe it's curious about her self-seller boyfriend. And since this is happening, Sjoman is enough for a movie, he occasionally introduces himself and his team while the story is in the making (in the midst of which is also very small, like in a rock concert). The title cards end in the era of the crew, while not having to use final credits!) Then there is another dynamic because Sjoman gives a real performance, not a "director, director." bit. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, it might not be possible to get this structure and Curious (Yellow) is that this film is a Lena documentary interviewer, asking for class, socialist thoughts. Spain and Franco, and we can see Lena, her father or Bjore again. Sjoman, however, makes something interesting: it is slippery, as it should be in the audience's fingers; It is amazing to surprise so much in a picture that it is not a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who works as a Guru on Lena, as well as a dramatic narrative, a documentary, a movie and a movie. . It may not be a completely consistent analysis in politics, but it does not feel scammed or even more satirius in Godard's agenda; Sjoman satira is similar to Godard, but in a different wavelength. His playful anarchy is not entirely semantic or tricks, which may have lesser initial viewers. <br /> <br /> Curious (Yellow) is one of the leading intellectual and intellectual exploration companies. Sex is an attractive and attractive way to show off how comfortable it feels for the actors, it's not entirely successful, I believe, as an emotional experience. When Bergman made a purely emotional film for complete destruction, he has the ability to relate Sjom with specific ideas while not focusing on performing scenes with big actors or subtle scenes. Sometimes Lena Nyman works exclusively for the actors (especially impressive here, someone with a great and confused love that is sympathetic and vulnerable to someone), and Borje Ahlstedt (a violent counter-offensive to Lena). But 40 years later, it's hard to connect with everything that goes into Lena and Borje completely (deliberately) when she finds Sjoman top-ups (Borje, girlfriend and girlfriend, will let it down, how Lena Daddy unites and narratives from her star star. < <br /> <br /> And yet Curious (I Am Curious) Yellow is a sophisticated artistic experiment in Sikwurm's mistake, which, ironically, suggests that it is a question of itself, is to test what can be done in Swedish cinema or what can not be tested and bending the use of provocative and comedian. It would have been an effect, and probably copied or imitated more than one, due to a worship phenomenon of that time (a specific technique is used that rotates the film to the bottom). The worst use of Funny Games is echoing, and anyone who seeks a vanguard or meta-movie should watch it. W.R. or if it's not so prominent as Last Tango's artistic leap, it's very close.
