In the society of the future, the military component does not have to hire; But their candidates are chosen at birth, they are taken to nursery school and are appointed to serve their entire life at the government. They are given war machine, body, and soul, for no other reason than to protect and serve; They have no other personal identity and no other name, and have no autonomy. It is the fate of Paul Anderson's "Soldier" directed by Kurt Russell. The scene is hard and bleak, the film shows the training of soldiers who have spent a long time, from preadolescence to arrival. Russell Todd is the sergeant, the best is the best, and we will see his career following his role-playing routine after campaign campaign; He was born to be a soldier. However, the best thing can not be continued forever, and the day will come when Todd and his classmates are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers has been created, genetics and advanced technology products, and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete. He then tells the story of a man who struggles in his life while trying to get to know the meaning of humanity and individuality, the new features of a soldier who knows only two things in life: fear and discipline. Russell Todd, as the rest of the orders promises to fake the dictatorial orders, as well as the soldiers who eliminate all emotions and individual thoughts. There are few lines in this film, but Russell speaks of her eyes. This role shows that, in fact, it is one of the few valued actors of our time; Thus, the nature of Todd does not go away due to his ability, with which he has created a different background. And Todd has given depth and credibility to someone with a lesser talent that could easily be pretentious and superfluous stereotyped. Significant performances are Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Jason Bris, a memorable as Caine 607, cast the play as a generation of young soldiers. Sean Pertwee (Maza); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has given an action movie with a message that exceeds the genre of film fiction. "Soldier" reminds us to keep the humanity of our lives intact. Alternatives are an entertaining way of thinking, like red futures and good movies that would only make a difference. Like "1984" and "Max Max", this film, after all, is lifting, pausing and reflecting on it, everyone will consider the kind of universe to live together and share. I value this 7/10.
