Why do I like DISORGANIZED CRIME so much? Why am I screaming or laughing when I think of a dozen or more scenes in that movie? It's a difficult explanation, but I'll try. First of all, it's really fun to believe in many "official opinions". But, again, this depends entirely on your mood, so there's no point in arguing about that. Often, humor is in the conversation, and often it's a comedy about the situation. For example, this is a very entertaining scene that gives 4 members of the gang a lift on the back of a truck. When farmers fall, they stop by the road, cows are covered or anything else. They are completely confused; Then, when the mood of the scene becomes apparent, they begin to laugh at themselves, and as Ruben Blades (as Carlos), they see a terrifying (and a good smell), he breathes at least something to do with his breath (here's just to describe the scene again I'm doing!). Moves to the second point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades, and Corbin Bernsen (who agrees, the latter sometimes abuse them) all go in and play their parts right - you also feel that they themselves should enjoy themselves. shooting Third, it's on the plot. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very pleasing; It takes time to develop in the plot and set it for itself. There is often no real action, and yet, you enjoy these 4 very different people - they try to steal a bank, even though it seems that their boss (Bernsen) does not appear - grunging to each other and nonsense. , like each other. The movie is a parody of typical bank robbery of banks - it is absolutely impossible with its roundness and coincidences, but it is completely convincing for ironic details. Incidentally, the title of the film is the best I've ever encountered, because it summarizes the plot in a very ironic way. So, take my advice: watch this movie, but if you do not smile or smile in the first 10 minutes, forget it's not your movie type. PS If it's negative about this movie, it seems there is no way you can know that there is no way to get that script, tell me.
