I saw the first movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately, I could not see it at the end, because it was late at night. Now I bought it on the DVD, because they remember it because they liked it. <br /> <br /> This is not a horror movie. He has some horror items but I'm classified as fantasy. I really liked it but I expected a little more horror and horror scenes. Especially when Anna's father dies, when he tries to kill him, it's a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now on the plot. This movie is about a young girl named Anna. He is sick and must lie in his bed, if he has less, he ends the drawing on the house. When he feels sleepy, often strangely enough, the house is next to a large green area. He understands what the house is like, and all the details are dreams. One day he draws a boy to talk to someone at home. While dodging legs is forgotten (because it is sitting behind a window) the boy can not walk. Later, the doctor says that a boy has a strange illness, and he also noticed that the boy had been involved in his distressing dreams. He reminds himself of waking up from one of his dreams. When father has lost his father, he draws his father home. He makes a mistake and his father looks angry at the painting. He tries to try to make out, but realizes that we can not change anything. And next time I sleep asleep, fear begins. His father is crazy and blind (he draws on his head to mark "invalid") and tries to enter the office and kill Anna and his friend. Dreams were a huge nightmare. They escape and kill their father and Anna finally wakes up. Anna finds her father in a hospital sitting next to her bed. The doctors thought they went into the coma. Anna says the other boy is dead and wants to travel to the sea to overcome these tragic events. Anna looks out and notices that she is the same watchtower next to the hotel. He addresses the episode and knows the boy (I just do not mention the name, I can not remember it, and I do not want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say goodbye and I forgot my dreams. <br /> I did not understand the movie. First of all, it was the end I did not want. I think it's too long because it's a short part of the movie. How does a boy get out of a helicopter and Anna talks like she's supposed to be dead? Why do you have to put on the wall a stupid radio? I hated this scene for me so dumb. He almost scared the horror scene. I liked things with Anna's father's picture, she was first afraid of a horror scene. The boy liked it. He was a great actress. She was better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to paint her father while he is sleeping and how he looks for it in the trash. <br /> <br /> In general, a good movie. I gave it to 8 out of 10.
