My name is John Mourby and this is my story, Paperhouse: I saw it from the psycho of Alfred Hitchcock in May of 2003. I was scared and very upset. I was also looking for a movie that was terrifying. But he's not happy at all. Among those who tried and failed The Silence of the Lambs of The Night Dead, The Blair Witch Project, The Evil Dead, The Sixth Sense, 28 Days Later, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, Near Dark, Alien, Peeping Tom , Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Do not Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday 13th and Omen. I needed to be disappointed! I found about Paperhouse since I left the search. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse has my favorite book, Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also appeared in several books I found in horror films, but they did not link to the book and the movie. When I found the truth on the internet, I bought the movie that day. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse did not seem like a loyal and sad book. Certainly it was certainly not. My response to my prayer was to re-appoint Marianne Anna in the film, but it is the same part of the original story. One day, Anna draws a house in the school in her book of scrapbooking (which is why it's not noticeable), then it gets sick and every time she sleeps she finds herself in front of a huge old house (and really annoying). He further finds that whenever the drawing is something new, the dream appears in the world, an apple orchard. Anna is a sad brand that draws sailors around the world, apparently a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but he wants to leave home. He graciously draws Anna to the lighthouse (somewhere), but the problem is still unimaginable. So Anna decides to draw her father. He pulls the pencil and gets too much work, but the result is deformed and unpleasant that Anna is not particularly fond of her eyes. He said "looks crazy". So Anna tries to start again, but proves that the pencil is impossible (this will not be deleted). Then, Anna loses her character and crosses her father's eyes! I will also leave you to find out the serious consequences of this reason. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really a response to a nightmare on the streets of the elm! I am surprised by the visions of this film. But I found it looking after 2 years. The question is how to compare the dosage with psychos? Answer: 1 old dark house, 2 psychological fear of parents, 3 real shock, 4 very scary music.
