Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever to go out and go to the world of his own creation. A strange world drew with the sad sailor as a resident of an old farmhouse in the middle of a lonely area. Accurately, as any child who draws a house and is similar to Marc's population (Anna (because she can not walk because she can not walk) is in this purgatory / world. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house, what is it and what process the boy he is trying to find out how to try to save himself, but his fever is harder to wake up when he awakens and may not only kill him, but catch him and Marc forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! and it's a good word to summarize the poetic, a movie that is so simple, it's almost impossible to explain and can not be forgotten, this puppy is just in the midst of your horror section, a serious fantasy, expert direction and exceptionally good sales, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc), and yet it's not a children's movie, but we just want to remember these old days of dark memories. Rose- It creates a rich and rich tapestry that creates a fascinating story and great actors to play. In addition to trying to explain the role of dreamer in the rolefinder, most of them make the audience imaginative. There are many symbolisms and ambiguities here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse plays with the head of the audience, you have a pretty reasoning reason. When the story was developed, I was once again surprised by the fact that the movie had a smile on my face and a tear that smiled at me with a glance. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's images are excellent here. It is capable of creating a malicious environment that appears only on the surface, but it is much larger than the sum of its sections. The actress of Charlotte Burke's play is her debut, it's really amazing. Unfortunately it's not been on the screen since it's graced. The Burnout Central award seems much more merit for this performance. In the end, the movie is delayed a bit here, but I could easily see it. I wanted to take on a darker twist, which would prove much sharper and faster, would prove to be more wonderful and really overwhelming to the retrospective. This movie is still one of the books and it is worth a serious filmmaker. It is a poetic stroll through the innocent eyes of the child, the film is a powerful one, where it is much more reflective and much praiseworthy.
