Emilio Miraglia's first feature, Giallo, was a great combination of The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second movie is even better! This time we have achieved the giallo aspect of the equation, although Miraglia did not frighten her horror style Gothic style. Miraglia has emphasized the more detailed details of the plot this time, which is why Giallo is a typical maze with rodents that spit everywhere and all the characters in a few minutes. It's an extraordinary advantage for cinema, however, while at times it is very confusing; It is always enough to have the audience's interests and the storytelling of Miracle has improved since its first film. The plot begins with a scene that fights two young girls, whose grandfather explains a legend behind his castle paint crust. Legendary says that a woman named 'The Red Queen', with the legend, returns to the grave every one hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, the murders begin ... <br /> <br /> Although the two Giallo do, Miraglia has her homage. It is clear that the red color is important for him, because there are many in the two films; It seems something against women called 'Evelyn'. They like castles, Gothic environments and exquisite murders - for me very well! When Miraglia flows blood, it may not be Argento, but he is sure to overcome his murder in his film. and here is the delight of Volkswagen Beetle, and death in a fence of all that is favorite of Giallo's death. Feminine-looking parties are superb, with amazing Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti, who are not afraid of wearing clothes. He reminds us of the generosity of Bruno Nicolae, and a great deal of psychedelic rock, even known to The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave; it fits the movie well. The end is a deviation, although Miraglia regains the Gothic atmosphere, it is disturbed and the murderer's identity is very evident. However, this is a nice and entertaining Giallo, and it is highly recommended for the genre lovers!
