Fever Pitch Hollywood romantic comedy has a lot of topics were identified, together with the relationship between two people, hidden secret, the inevitable discovery and to the public? Well, I will not go further, but you will get the image. Haien aurreikuspen arren, funtzionatzen du, batez ere beisbol maite dudan bezala, nahiz eta ez naiz oso ondo obsesiboa, Ben Wrightman, Saturday Night Live komiko Jimmy Fallon komiko jotako Bostoneko irakaslea den Boston gisa. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Lowell Ganz eta Babaloo Mandel gidoilari ohiek idatzitako eleberri baten eleberri egokitua, Ben-ek Bostoneko Sox Red Sox zalea da eta horrenbeste osaba zazpi urte zituenean emandako txartelak eman zizkion. to harm women's lives. Ben is not just a fan, but "fanatic" is a Fort Meyers's (Florida) is traveling in winter, Red Sox Spring Training games, and never missing a home game of the season. Bere familia ez da guraso edo anai-arrebek osatzen, baina berarekin eta bere logelak joko bakoitzean parte hartzen duten lagun mutilak ez dira lo egiteko tokia, bisitatzeko Red Sox museo bat baizik. <br /> <br /> Business Advisor fell Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), has grown to be a threat, but Ben is not ready for that. He preferred to go with the Yankee series to join him with his parents in Baltimore or go to Paris with him and to miss the Anaheim series. She is about to dissolve her relationship, to stop her thinking and to think about it, especially, Phil Wannabe, a pint-sized woman asks: "Do you love the Red Sox, but have you ever loved each other again?" Although the Fever Pitch premise is a bit more important than baseball (thinking will die), you should never know how to get things done. Of course, for anyone who knows the history of Boston Red Sox, it is a group that breaks the hearts of its hardest fans, but in 2004, the curse of Bambino ended and Red Sox moved to the new level, Ben can do the same. Both performances are superb and Farrelly Brothers manage a pretty raw gag. While Fever Pitch has never been mistaken for an art film, he will be glad, as my pleasure is to fall as one of the culprits. Joan Blue Jays!
