Clint Tollinger arrives to a small town when he informs his daughter's wife and his daughter; Although he finds it, the possibility of any reconciliation is very small. Here, the sheriffs and the most important townships, Tollinger celebrates the town's specialized gun. Because people are afraid of a mysterious village that is moving away, they meet to meet Tollinger to get rid of bad people. <br /> <br /> Men Gun seems to be a forgotten piece, or under the watch, when I was writing, more than 200 votes and users wrote 9 comments. It's a shame in both scores, despite the fact that the production value shouts, Western B is a movie, this is a beautiful introduction to Western Western films. As the theme of a piece of an arrogant village becomes, it's a horrible dark angel, it surely has not made any favors for movies a few years ago, I read the synopsis and we thought of another in the same subject line. pictures. However, I was pleased with the dark and dramatic picture that I was collecting in a lot of pleasant times, both technically and as a story. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum Tollinger, when it's perfectly fine, is similar. some threatening We often talk about the presence of screens by John Wayne and Charlton Heston (of course). The best of these is Mitchum. There is a sequence here that is seen in the back of a room in the shade, while the meeting takes place, we do not see your face, but we still see children's eyes. The rest casts are very similar to Mitchum's shade; So, there really are only large men in the film that the credentials are high, maybe it is impossible to undo the tedtalk from Ted de Corsi, but they are small failures in Man with The Gun. With his bad guys, unfortunately, Corsi does not threaten villaines. Alex North's score is very tight (fans of Spartacus will definitely listen) and Lee Garmes's film is very impressive, when he realizes that a large part of that image was shot in the studio. Although directed and written for the first time by Richard Wilson, Man With The Gun has little surprise for the genre, but the shades are obscure, violent and, above all, very legendary. 7.5 / 10
