No, the continuation of this wonderful OVA series is not a re-occurrence of the events that occurred after the death of Ghim (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). The novels that inspired this wonderful series are even more accurate. That's why characters (Orson and Shiris) are back in, and why the story seems like the one used by OVA. (The brochure included in the set provides excellent answers to these questions, as well as several online sites.) The first episode of the 27-segment series takes place in the Demon Dragon Mountain conflict. The remaining 19 episodes sparkle a blue-blue knight who identifies Spark, Parn, and his ill-fated team tries to avoid Dark Wizard Wagnard Kardis Destroyer revival. <br /> <br /> In the meantime it is not equivalent to the original LODOSS WAR (Parnek saves Wagnard as Parne likes this year, right?), television tracking is great for fantasy lovers. Even if the animation is limited (and a first step from the artistic drawings of LODOSS), this 27 portion has the series appealing. Completing the characters, the story, magic, love, and Kañu Wada's NINJA SCROLL music band, all give it an imbalance. If you have dubs with OVL's LODOSS. I was criticized for one reason or another, I generally liked it and still considered one of my favorite duplicates. So, I had a great hop on dub in 1999-2000 in 1999. In most cases, LODOSS TV English track is a good quality (if not a star); However, it has problems. English voices brought a lot of original work to LODOSS's characters (including Lisa Ortiz Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's parn's hearing is a bit of a turning point. He did not do a bad job, but his voice was found as a grating for the first eight episodes (some anti-dub fans immediately duplicate it), but Spark and the company found less time on stage. annoying (I do not know if it improved or grew to me). All OAVs do not translate. Jayce Reeves only speaks of Wagnard (terrifically) for a passage; Pete Sorolla replaces the whole show, alternately, but still wicked (as well as the eager laugh). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, however, is too tired and takes about 5 episodes to find his step. Oliver Gregory surely is Orson's most effective way, especially in the last dramatic scene. With Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best voice in Dub is one of the newest characters, including Crispin Freeman ( Spark, Maar, Garrack-Sequences 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (voices in Pirotess voice but also voices). Ryna's weakness and sassiness, as well as Karla, and especially Angora Deb (stealing every scene that takes her half as a leaf). The remaining cast is not at all horrible, but it's a little bit different than the OAV dub. Some are well-minded (Aldonova, Greevus), others are missing (Hobb, guardians of the palace, dragons, etc.) And it was a bit immense (especially Prince Reona VA is very hard and monotonous for the fighters of justice). > <br /> In fact, one of the rumors is that there is a lack of sound tracking (some cast members get some voices when there is no explanation for some later parts). Others are less memorable and worse for conversation, different synchronization, and finally (I appreciate thanksgiving for fans) LODOSS ISLAND Segment. At the end of each section, these diverted interludes will be fun or guided. However, it seemed to me that they were initially great molecules, but it was a little bit bigger for me. (There are also some attractive lines, such as "I'm King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I'm really sure!") These are the OCD OCD. , so a different English track can be summarized as "OK". <br /> <br /> If you want to listen to the best Japanese language track, do you think well? The Japanese version also has good and bad points. Although some voices are less annoying than English, others have been less attractive than English equivalents (especially as Deedlit is as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma), and I should also mention that the Japanese cast is not OVA. After seven years of age, more than one cast (Sho Hayami) are replaced by others, although it may be a great problem for those who are accustomed to OVA cast in Japan, but not everything in Japan is better than English. In spite of being unsuccessful, HEROIC KNIGHT CHRONICLES is still a beautiful plot that deserves to maintain its territory. It is not a bad place and it is not always lived next to the previous, but there are enough bad points to make it a medium fantasy.
