By art, the 1970s was very confusing. In literary and visual arts, it was the end of a great fifty years of creative renewal. In music, it has been a decade since many have seen it as a bass point, due to corporate rock and disco. On television, it was a Golden Age for the comedy situation, from The Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H, All In The Family, but the film also featured a more creative period in all genres Robert Altman, American directors such as Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese rose over half a century ash from older studios in the Hollywood mandate. These directors have sought to make artificial literacy, art making films, European basic products since the end of European war. However, the studio tried to keep pace with social films that had not been watched since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But, unlike the 1930s, actors such as Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually with Dead End Kids, that is, they worked on social issues in a realistic way, or on stage sound Realistically, at the end of the 1960s and early 1970s, social consciousness appeared mostly in science fiction films, which allowed them to preach massive masses of massive masses to prevent mass murals in the Hollywood Hollywood scene, a quote from the 1950s saucer wolf films McCarthy They focused on the political era of the era, especially The Day The Earth Still and the invasion of The Body Snatchers. At the beginning of the 1960s, Rod Serling interrupted the political conservatism of the time, the anthology television anthology The Twilight Zone dumped social issues in science fiction classic At the time the studio offers, Silent Running was environmentally sensitive; George Lucas's first THX 1138 film, consumerism, group and existentialism; and Logan's Run, communism and control of the state in front of a person's rights. Some references to the film are today's Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. A few strawberries cost about $ 150, and Soylent's rationally colored foodstuffs -Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and Soylent Green - are known as 'the best growth underneath', unlike the reasoning of gas at the time. The scene of food disturbances is an undeniable rebellion of oil at petrol stations that are stationed at stations, and the crowds, and living bodies and the dead, all lying down are still very influential. Another movie like Escape from New York is evident. Stanley R. Greenberg's other books, however, are pedestrian and quite standard for a dystopian film, but Fleischer and Richard H. Kline's deputy directors work great on screen to work on interesting and sound images. things. Colored in soft and light imagination, filter filter, they feel Stygian in the New York movie, Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr color version. The only light of the film is based on artificial sources, and if it were not for fashion-inspired movie, the movie seemed time-consuming. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, where Thorn introduced a human processing plant. The corpses are transported to Soylent Green salts, both colder and extravagant drama. In the end, the Soylent slaves hunt Thorn, but Hatcher General had enough to say the movie. However, we do not know enough, Hatcher has already chosen, and it has a simple solution in a simple way. However, this event and its ambiguity show that the movie is not replicating the dilemma of its characters, and later, it does not show better movies, sci-fi or not. Also, why is it seen by Soylent Green?
