Documenting the documentary That's a way to describe your right Keep the River: Modern Cannibal Tale. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum in the late 70's, a 40-year-old researcher as part of a trip, for the first time in West Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is a gentle body: a gay Jewish anthropologist lives on a deep respect and understanding about the cultures he's been visiting for a cruise ship. Papua from West Asia and Asmat from Peruvian Africa, author of several books of his time. Those who happened in those people, and their close relationship with the close relationship was Tobias. However, Tobias is a constant wonder and an admirable appreciation and a real pleasure. Only one can expect to maintain and save itself, such as humility. <br /> <br /> Tobias finds a compelling issue for research because he basically changed the experiences that were immersed in these two tribe companies. This film questions questions of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (See the scene of the graphic traffic). By asking others why they morally condemned local practices, he asks his non-judicial nature: "Why not?" Who is the path of other cultures correct or wrong? This little coachman, not only for the National Geography, but also for those interested in documentary art. This film shows what can be done by shooting the video. The edition shows that Tobias is a fascinating life, which leaves you fascinated. Sometimes it feels the film wants to promote the team, especially in terms of age and physical nature. We could only thank Tobias for putting the table on them, perhaps trying to understand humanity and their place. Filmmakers give a critical balance, such as an anthropologist, based on his personal interests set forth by his discovery (homosexuality in this case) by Tobias. That said, you can not decide when to stop by surprise and leave this man home. I'm moving to the River Queen, which is a bit ridiculous for the best ride on the river.
