We did not know if we saw the 1973 science-fiction world of SOYLENT GREEN. It's a world that has exceeded 40 million marks over the New York City in 2022. Population, air pollution, annual waves of heat and food shortages are the norm. The only hope is a product called Soylent Green. But what is really special foods? This question is amazing, but still intriguing, Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Based on the section. Charlton Heston Thorne, a NYPD detective, finds the murder of senior corporation chiefs (Joseph Cotten). As it turned out, Cotten Soylent Corporation was in the board of directors, responsible for the food products that people would be consuming instead of the real thing. Heston thinks that this was not a murder of a variety of gardens, because Cotten was knocked down for some reason. From "very little" but very heavy "books" (Edward G. Robinson, his 101st and most recent cinematic appearance) and reminders of the world. What Robinson knows about Soylent Green overcomes imagination. But before he tells Heston everything he knows, he has eutanasized it. And when Heston knows the secret of Soylent Green ... well, that part has been immortalized in cinematic history. <br /> <br /> Being generous by director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC). VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is quite grim, but in terms of the future of human beings, if we do not lose a bit of the tendency to free our planet from natural resources, it is a dystopian look. Indeed, in 1968, Heston himself invented the project, with the PLANET OF THE APES acquiring gold in the science fiction genre, he would surely lose his conservative ultra conservative. Political philosophy arises in dialogue (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly any capitalism). Robinson, as always, is his last job as a professional; His sequel to euthanized (a better time to look at the world video, set by Tchaikovsky, Beethoven, and Grieg music) is quite simply heartbreaking. The film is a beneficial woman trying to help her with Chuck Connors (with heavy support), Brock Peters (Heston's High School) and Leigh Taylor-Young Heston. /> It seems easy for these days to get a SOYLENT GREEN recovery dated. But those who do it should think twice; The film world would turn it into our own way, if we do not see what we are doing today.
