"Allah Garden" is an excellent example of "popular women's literature", in the twentieth century. Century style variant. The power full of erotic and erotic dreams combines the stimulating brilliance of false mysticism and Catholic nonsense. . Jane Eyre could not have been happy enough until her castle burned around her and her lover was definitely repulsed for her sins, or "Rebecca" heroes did not find her true marriage until her husband had gone to the Lord. His trial on the death of his first wife (and his death on the death of his castle), or the ill Psyche could not leave enough, and he had to rip the secret Cupid, at all costs, Domini, devote to the heroic hero of this piece of the trip, can only find genuine sexual intercourse , with a man who has relinquished unwillingly religious religious powers. Like all narratives that want stimulating female readers and steamers, it is based on the oldest tricks of the book: basic misunderstandings and at the right time and at the right time to express the true feelings of one person until the unknown is too late. . According to the logic, there can be some last-handed sex during the last financial year when it is willing to pay enough for paying a pardon. Paul Claudel's beauty magazine standard has been reduced. Well ... it could be much worse and it was often ... <br /> <br /> The plot of film without a religion is a part of your basic movie: a monk that escapes from abstraction escapes. In the desert where the dunes have some rolls, religious, shapely but naif Catholic inherit before re-entering their monastery, spending all their passions, let her wash her mess. Anatomie France, I'm talking about another commercial with a sophisticated novel called "Thais," which was intended to disseminate the entire concept of repression of Catholic sex, some of which were commemorated in Massenet's name. <br /> <br /> But what is eroticism in commercial women's analysis is, of course, the only talented talent that comes together under a single banner to make this cinematic dream a lively and bright life. The technicolor transmitter above all, the Max Steiner music score truck, the musical score by Max Steiner, Michael Powell (with a bit of ironic sense), the decision to get a "composite film". In silent version of 1927, he always dreamed, sometimes immersed in the corners of dissonance, but he would always come in a symphonic, exotic, beautiful opera, a dream atmosphere, where material reflections were not objects, because characters travel from one place to another. Next, the conversation is deep, fuzzy, and suggestive, the direction of art is close to the sky; Floral arrangements are found in the simplest hut or folders, the hero's cabinet is inexhaustible and all male characters are aristocrats, saints, condemners and bad guys. Mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Oh ... Hollywood! The presentation of this MGM DVD movie is bones, but it's perfect. Bit rate is very high. The color registration is almost always perfect and the 2.0 mono sound is directed by Max Steiner's scores and Boyer's previous confrontation. <br /> <br /> Historical note about women "women" theme: Next year (1937), Julien Duvivier, inspired by "Ala Jardin", directs "Carnet de Bal", where a very similar pony-horse is not butter -He'll go out in his mouth -The heroine (who looks after the exotic family in some of the steep lake lakes that guarded his unfaithful husband) wants to find out what the dancer is looking for in his first dance book - he finds it all in time, only in his own beaus and himself He realized that there was any misunderstanding, overcoming, or other tragic consequences on any of the emotions, that Duvivier was careful to take care of the idealist ideas, and that they should all grow or later.
