I found this movie I had read after reading the book. It's not cinematic cinema; it is "excluded" from the facts. I found a compelling and silent inquiry into evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives us an unforgettable theater of Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are several memorable images in this film; As a vampire who travels through Petiot the night, the black mantle that emerges from his claws is almost iconic. There are also some touches of expressionism - The relics of petiot's curved silhouettes, stuck in the stairs waiting to be watched by the winery, reminds us of some stories of "Nosferatu". <br /> <br /> But I found the first appeals to this film. The soundtrack is full of disturbing sounds, accompanied by aurres ante music, with voiceless voices. Petiot is living in a medicine complex and lives in a complex of shops, and there is a rumor of some knuckle-sticks that are somewhat rooted, as well as stunning music on a seller. There are also noisies for animals - a keeper keeps a goat, understands unseen cats and, later on, a cattle pass through the film shows evil cattle. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with rumors of violence and murder. <br /> <br /> Animals, but human voices are often heard: The victims of the Gestapo, the patients in the waiting room of Petiot, are controlled by a listening device. Successful post-war collaborators track their cells. Even though the action of the film is organized without seeing the voices of the participants - to see Mrs. Petiot, Mrs. Kern, while she is singing her work, until her voice is heard in the theater. . And even when it appears, he is shot in the back, calls his voice to his husband and calls his voice in the conversation. The decomposed voices revert to large rooms, and the owners, when viewed, take remote pictures; so we can not really speak to see. This is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of which are Petiot's future victims. <br /> <br /> However, Petiot himself is the only voice; When the echo of his terrifying laughter came out of the camera, he dropped comments behind or nobody was in the air. In a way, it is as much a spirit as to kill. She is always bored, busy, from taking an appointment, never having a break. However, his activity is a machine, alive and fast. It is interesting that Petiot is not afraid of all the horrors and dangers occupied in Paris; funny, keen, angry, angry, scorned, but never afraid, unlike real people, it causes death. It is not surprising that he can be proud of his mechanical invention, including a continuous machine of movement (because he has the exact details of the book - he invented a lot of machines); He is a kind of eternal motion machine. Mechanical images are everywhere, from the giant wheel that opens at the movie theater, and Petiot's bicycle (the wheels that hear the knives sharpen), let kill Death to kill music. . Although the victims are mechanical routines - write a note to your wife, let me leave you before hiding, you need a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar. As a really lubricating machine, the routine is always the same, just as the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, says that the perfection of Petiot's anti-crime relief was so heavy. It was as gentle and efficient as the Nazi concentration camp. That's why the film invented the underground petiot Gestapo and the involvement of Nazi occupation. Unfortunately, it does not work quite well as part of the story, because it's hard to figure out what Petiot is doing for co-workers or what happens when midnight is over. Removing the Body? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say and believe it harder; It's not sure how to turn a self-employed worker like a petty situation. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the inequality of the wicked; Petiot is a robber and a murderer, but also father and husband. Likewise, as Hitler saw that he loved dogs, and we should admit that the Nazis could be guilty of the worst crime in war, they could be a lovable parent and family men, so that Petiot can make horrors of horror and normal operation. In Paris he is camouflaging the madness and horrors of his warlike state; When it's dying, stealing and disappearing, no-one pays much attention because Petiot stacks more corpses.
