I rented this movie because Rosario Dawson was there. I sat down to watch with my friend and in 6 minutes we were stuck in our seat. In 6 minutes it was not for any intensity, but it was a real movie. Hollywood's BS is not an explosion, it's not complicated; film It has slowly pushed you forward to your tragic human destiny. Some believe that they enjoy film, but they are wrong. They like movies; pure entertainment just for the sake of entertainment. Michael Bay Transformers and the like were created for this listener. People do not even think, watch and allow them to slowly unravel your brain to collect stereotypes. We will advertise throughout the entire film to buy our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make a distinction, art can be entertaining, but thinking is also triggered and it moves in secret mode. Entertainment is done very little and even arbitrarily. The movie is entertainment. It's a fall film. The movie is art. <br /> <br /> If you still hold souls inside your soul-sack base device, this rape scene is as powerful as "Irreversable". Here is the distinction that "Repatriation" was a violent rape scene, unfortunately, the paths that crossed the wrong time and hell followed. "Dismissal" is a date of rape. No less annoying. No less depraved. Nothing else. This is the violation of trust, the profanity of the soul and the scars that run deep. If "Maya" had been authorized, the sex scene would be hot. When he was trying to escape, the scene is evil. He is a violent and manipulative rapist in the "Jared" series and is totally disturbing because he looks like a passionate love. How could anyone "approach" anyone approaching anyone again with his "Jared" slick lover boy's facade just never slipping in the middle of the obstacle? It's lost. <br /> <br /> Movies are generally beautiful. Camera works and lights sometimes surrounds them and focuses on the focuses of "Maya" and inner silence. All that Rosario accomplishes with face expressions and gestures. The soundtrack was excellent, mixing everything. My favorite scene is synchronization of all aspects of that movie; "Maya" dancing in the body of the sea dancing, waking up, becoming aware, with the beautiful and sad melody of Jeff Buckley. <br /> <br /> I do not think I did not break anything here. I stopped to do it before. The bottom line, I think it was the best movie of 2007, hands. Unfortunately, it seems everyone is so rude these days, if you do not make ringtones, rape groups, or would not do anything, people can not have any problems. Death is not the worst thing that will happen to you. This is the only thing that is going to happen in this existence. The worst thing that happens will never leave you. Your thoughts are always there. When you shower; when you whiten your teeth; When you buy a Christmas gift, when you link the shoe; you are shocked. They frighten you till the last thing is released. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. See this movie
