Georgi Daneliak, Ne goryuy (1969), aka Grieve, from the georgetar film scene, is based on the French novelist, Claude Tillier (1801-1844), whose novel, Mon oncle Benjamin, It's dependent. Century France. The French Great Revolution continues, but its stunning signs are in society. Benjamin, a local doctor, is a soul of local society, educator, friendly and democratic, often free of charge for the poor. It's popular among local people, but it certainly does not help with its bank account. She is in love with a beautiful lover, with her own crazy person but her daughter, "her little capital," whose father and father have called for the protection of their virginity, until the marriage contract is signed. I never read the book, and from the description it seems to be a charming French novel, but I am fascinated by characters and some elements plots XVIII. From the 20th century to the 20th century The beginning of the century from the beginning of Georgia-Grusiya. I think that Danelia was the one who created all the most memorable characters that she had in her home town of Grusiya in Georgia, including a long and beautiful tradition, including wine making and drinking art, a rare talented musician. Georgios have a great humor and honorary code. When we watched the movie weekend with my husband, he said it was a wonderful example of an Art film, and I agree with him. Do not Grieve is the perfect Art film, visual beautiful, deep but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never preachingly arrogant but optimistic, the way life is celebrated to celebrate beauty and sadness, full interest, love and understanding. a curious character but very curious. The most important thing is that, due to its mild and warm film, it does not look empty to the audience as it does in some of the Art's images. You do not love to be a filmmaker, live with her, smile and sigh, Benjamin doctor to follow young Dr. Benjamin (Wachtang Kikabidze's lead singer and actress Danelia film). Danelia would make two more films, including one of Mimino's favorite season, along the road and mountains of Georgia. Or, in a party you want to invite, when your friends are going to celebrate a celebrity to celebrate the life of an old doctor, Levan asks him to say what he's about to say about himself. alive, and who chooses what coffin he wants. When I saw the movie, I thought it was a kind of movie that Federico Fellini would have liked. I was not surprised to find an article about Daneli, where Fellini was named his first director. Similarly, Danelia, creator of Leonid Gaiday (beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (this is not a dreamer who has dreamed of another Daneli movie, author of the fairy tale by American Huck Finn, Danelia). Sovsem propashchiy) felt and negatively talked about not Grieve about while praising Fellini. I will go further and perhaps dared to think that master Fellini had some images, and I did not get Grieve's aura and the same atmosphere with Amrarcord in 1973. It's just a thought because there is something that links both movies. . Both Artists returned to their roots, to the places they loved, to the people they remembered, to those who loved their honor. Both films have a lot of smiles through tears. Both are Art's films, directly to the audience's hearts. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I will add Georgi Danelia to my list of favorite directors. He has made some fascinating images as the favorite genre of my drama, as well as fun and bitter tragedy, poisonous and subtle, earthly and exemplary, smooth and shiny. When I saw the list of films I wrote / directed, I was surprised I did not do a bad short film since winning a Seryozha youngster in 1960. Many Daneli films are among my favorites, I am sure they are among their fans. This man behind Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972) is the adaptation of Mark Twain, the adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskva (1964), on the streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969). , Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979), Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is the title of this film, and is the favorite for the genre of Danelia and her 20-year-old worship. Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is an excellent year and our true love and true gratitude deserves unforgettable moments of cinema happiness.
