It's a movie that has disappeared so far, but when I've seen it, it's one of the most important black-and-white tickets. Unlike in DivX format, seeing was not very suitable? Sometimes videos and (especially) audio errors? but because R1 DVD is not yet available, this should be done at the moment. Because the popularity of the film is very high within the genre, I supervise that the reason for this oversight is not a popular actor. <br /> <br /> In any case, the delayed entry in the entrance is the nominal star of the film ?? Franchot Tone ?? It collects a whole wall (especially, it shows that it is already evil)! The tone was underrated actor? He rarely came up with the minimal flesh, which could be his best (making his paranoid fascinates and unbelievably dangerous). Female lead? Ella Raines, then in the movie BRUTE FORCE (1947) and in SODMAK's SUSPECT (1944) and THE UNCLE HARRY AID (1945)? She is very nice and badly takes over the role of the impatient secretary, to prove his innocent grandfather (Alan Baxter) to be innocent about his murderous wife's brutal murder. Thomas Gomez avoids other key elements in the first place against police harassment but police investigator Elisha Cook Jr. the main descent of the genre? as a "male female" of a percussionist. <br /> <br /> Like Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak had a good pace in his career. ? all the inverse angles and wonderful sets, including the fairly famous jazz sequence. Cook plays his drum drummer Raines (to take care of him and eventually drive him), in the sexual affair of Raines crazy dress. He confessed that he had confessed that he had left the prisoner who left his lover. Another large and long sequence, on the streets of New York, is one of Raines (not one of Barcelona's other witnesses). as a result of a car crash! <br /> <br /> Is it also a trial sequence? fully depicted by the reaction of the audience, judge, jury, witness and D.A. They have never seen (the voice of the court can be seen by veteran character Samuel S. Hinds). The main film discusses the nature of the infected person by Gomez and Ton. The inspector gives Tone a "dull" insult to insane madness. Suspicious points Raines finds alone in Tone in his apartment, where he shows his guilt? and admits that he had a close relationship with Baxter's wife, but he did not kill him to leave her husband. <br /> <br /> By the way, I took a small goofada in the film: while the story was clearly set in 1943, did I notice that taxi-taxi was moving away at the beginning of the film ?? Is Alan Curtis the owner of the theater lady? Shooting in New York (clearly, including footage) shows a carp that prompts Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical comedy, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, the famous novel Mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote an original novel based on a pseudonym.
