Alan Curtis has a loud and violent argument with his wife, out of his apartment and drinks a night in a big hat with a big hat (with a mysterious lady led by Andrew Tombes). , and returns to death by his wife and is waiting for him by Thomas Gomez. His attempts to prove his allegiance came with that mysterious lady - because everyone who thinks it may fall (Tombes, Elisha Cook) says that there is no such person. In the end, he does not end up alive, although his secretary (secretly loved) believes Ellen Raines. Condemned as a result of a trial, a death penalty is awaiting him. Raines begins the truth after Gomez's doubts. He also finds an ally with a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who was apparently absent from the outside of the town. Has Curtis cleared up? THE PHANTOM LADY William Irish (novel writer Cornell Woolrich) is based on the novel. As movie enthusiasts know about Woolrich's other works (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT has a thousand eyes, the window is back, it's not himself), it's not possible to add anywhere in the truth. The lack of a vendor's wife may not really be upstate, he has sent messages to him, he still has his jewels. The mentalist may be able to predict the tragedy - or is it the old partner, who was currently working on a murderer for a petroleum subsidiary? Is it a dream that a young woman dies or is she rich in the village to conceal the guilty knowledge? Is she a young woman, a supporter of being a brother of a devastated brother? Here are some of Raines and Gomez (with Tone support) that Curtis is trying to prove that he has seen a woman who has seen her - and if he sees, why does not anyone remember her to see her? The problem of the story is really Curtis's identity: it is easy to imagine that he has not committed the culprit. Actually, anyone of innocent will scream until it runs. However, in the defense of Curtis's collapse, it also happens in many other films: Gary Cooper, MR. DEEDS TO TO TOWN, so dreadful that Douglas Dumbrille and his requests get unhappy and inevitable, at first he does not defend himself, until his people in support of the cries scream and ruminate their fears. sense of responsibility But Curtis just seems to give up. In normal situations, Raines, Gomez and others did not care if Curtis did not. <br /> <br /> But the film has survived this weakness. It is possible to unravel the lies that have been given by the real murderer Raines will set two pieces with Tombes, Tombes, and a piece of clothing in the Elisha Cook jazz show. Gomez understands more that the criminals will check his alibi again. And the criminals keep up with Raines and Gomez for the last minutes of the film. If there is no DOUBLE INDEMNITY or THE POSTMAN TWO SETS or a movie that is as big as FALCON MALTEKO, it will go well until Curtis and Raines meet at the end.
