The purpose of the James Bond game is to get the player to make a final fantasy: 007. Enter the shoes of the agent. "FRWL" approaches this goal to any other game, because this time you control a real James. Bond Pierce Brosnan made a wonderful Bond and his voice and the like was a loan with "EON", but Sean Connery was the original of James Bond, and there will never be a cool one. <br /> Now, like many others who have reviewed this game, Sean's 70-year-old has not adapted the 30-year image on the screen, which is getting used to it, but it's worth it. was it The "Bond James Bond" and "Shaken, not turn" lines make a big line again. As Sir Sean controls an evil organization known as OCTOPUS, he says "just the tip of the tentacle," said Bond in "Octopussy". The horrors of the game opens the gun. The movie is the original gun. Then you will take the first mission, the terrorist at Prime Minister Hottie Blonde daughter's rescue Parliament, and everything from cars, clothes is perfectly retro. The world of the game is James Bond's original world, until James Bond's interpretation of the classic rock-n-roll. Eventually, it is considered a momentous moment when it is considered later, because Bond enters a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After opening the match, the plot of the "FRWL" plot continues. James Bond was sent to Turkey to retrieve a Lector device for a Russian enrollment secretary. In Turkey, the Bond team will find a lover of Kerim Bey. He must recover the Bond device, protect the girlfriend from trouble and return safely to London. Bruce Feirstein's screenplay scriptwriter worked on the script, and has made a good game, but it's a different movie. The characters in the movie are well-reshaped, but some are better than others. Those imitators who say Pink Klebb and Red Grant are awesome. And Miss Moneypenny, a game that interacts with M and Q is an opening moment that looks like Sean Connery 007 and looks like original movies. <br /> <br /> What makes this game a thousand. Before Bond games, not only Sir Sean's voice and his image, there are two notable features of the game. It's a focus. While the evil one allows you to lock a single button and kill another, it will allow you to enter another button to reach a target and you can choose between the Bond shooters, such as a grenade, an enemy with a grenade and some of his friends or a fake cord. He will immerse himself in a desperate death. Another outstanding feature is hidden and hidden. When you're close enough, press a button to attack the enemy that only shows Sean Connery's James Bond. <br /> <br /> Bond used Sean Connery especially with confidence and talent. So, you just have some gadgets, but they are good. Q-helicopter is a remote control helicopter, which can not be self-determined and Bond can not crawl the areas, like a "EON" Q-spider. Laser clock classic is useful not only for closing rooms, but if you do not use other weapons to send enemies. Sonic bracelets and serum guns are the most fun to play, but you have to experience yourself. In addition to Gadgets, you can create a Bond dress up in the retro costume found throughout the game; gray leather suit, standard tuxedo, retro stealth suit, and classic tuxedo. Sir Sean performed at the cinema. When you drive in the game, you will guide the Aston Martin DB5 from "Goldfinger". It can not be invisible, but it has a gadget to get tires like movies. And if you do not go down the street in the "Goldinger" car in Istanbul, you can fly on the "Thunderball" plane. <br /> <br /> Then it's multiplayer. Of course, it should be compared to the standard "GoldenEye" game and fails. Also, you can only play Bond Villains, just like Bond or other heroes of the game. It is a fun multiplayer game, and it's worth playing a game with a decent bonus that only plays a single-player campaign. The basic game has other mistakes. Some of the most exciting moments in the film, especially the gypsy camp shootout, with Red Grant in Bond, with Orient Express's Red Grant, and Bond and Rosa Klebb's fight against lace shadows, are not in play. And the game is played fast, even the most difficult. But overall, this game until now is the best James Bond experience.
