I'm not a fan of a movie genre. I only classify films as industry or not. Valentine, Jamie Blanks, is the second-largest movie industry, after Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and story is very weak. However, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the movie are incredible icons, which is why Valentine's best. <br /> <br /> As the first elemental iconic element, the hostage of the series killer is growing. From the second year of education, his wounds accumulated in his soul began to grow up against his classmates' girlfriends, who laughed. When you focus on the first item when you were watching the movie, you will see this vision of humanism: "No one is totally good or bad, because someone who knows how to be evil may be secretly." Because the story line and direction are very weak, we are not as happy as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element, of course, is the excellence of super starlocks from the 90s: Jessica Cauffiel is the best way to kill my favorite. A shot from an arrow is thrown out, the belly is tightened and stuck, while playing with the hiding place, while the blind date could not be met. Katherine Heigl is the first star star that dies in a biological laboratory when trying to hide under the human body patterns that lie on the body's surgical models. Denise Richards has died on the third day, a Valentine's Day gift he discovered in a whirlpool bath. Jessica Capshaw has been killed in silent and unbelievable ways, and afterwards murdered in series. Marley Shelton is no fortunate, as it will die in a confidential manner that we will never know, that is, it will die before the movie ends. In the end, Benita Ha is lucky as David Boreanaz is not the murderer of the series. <br /> <br /> The third and final iconic element is Valentine's Day scene-labyrinth sound. Celebration of the day at the scene of the Dorothy home and eventually murder issues. Everybody knows that I love the soundtrack. Hard Rock never gets better suited to a mysterious serial killer.
