I do not even speculate about what Brando is trying to do. He acts as fast as he can in theater plays, suggesting so many things constantly, he does not seem to play anything, as much as playing with eternal instinct. Often, it seems to be calling attention to other aspects of its nature, a concentration that goes on reveals something like a red penetration, because it is the most obvious and deliciousest beginning. This is the mastery of artifice, not the naturalism, as the method could be linked to. Mankiewicz's role as Sky Masterson is tailor-made, and at the end of the day it's strange, but at the end of the day Brando has all done his own grace, but, in spite of all that, the amazing grace is curious, a music-limited actress, never before or after, with music comedy. Jean Simmons, oddly enough, is not so impressive, but it is just right, very pleasant in the Sequence of Havana, and more enjoyable than ever. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe they're concentrated around what they're doing, and people who seem to like the characters, they do not seem to love "" chemistry. "Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah is feeding on each other, but I do not see them any more. Dazzling and funny in a movie (and most of all, craftman-wise, that's just - brilliant), something that could be touched and easily forgotten, but so much It would depend on the actual chemistry! The change of characters, at least partly, by chemistry, would lead the final scene by moving something positively, because this film is happy, but it has not really moved, except as a way of denying the authenticity of the unity. he will marry a missionary uniform, than Sky Masterson in the same marital law, rather than in a wedding venue. They're on the previous scene! <br /> <br /> Funnily enough (that is, better), I think the scene is the most emotional and serious, between Brando and Vivian Blaine. Sinatra / Nathan Detroit doll, Adelaide, is the only one of only two of them, especially in Adelaide's dressing room, though she does not even flirt, while Adelaide is changing. Even if someone has not submitted this, Adelaide is a kind of "look" in this Sky case. He will still tell Adelaide Nathan: he will not be looking for that. Both Adelaide and Sky with Nathan, even though they tend to tend to it, prove their tone in return. Adelaide is also frustrated and disappointed, of course, but his anger reduces the deeper feelings that Nathan feels, because Sky does not love him because he can not love it and warns him about loving someone else. <br /> <> The boy and the doll are the second round of sex conflict, about game and salvation. As compulsive players and rescuers demand more or less despair, they may be a dark secret behind the absence of chemistry by Brando and Simmons. In the end, this lack represents an excessive narcissistic concern (along with the partner Sinatra / Blaine, even less self-evident) Brando and Simmons would explain the strange interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister. Sarah. Simmons, above all, can figure out coolness and skepticism, but Brando, although he is playing in front of him, is not so warm and eager, and even more than keeping the distance, with which he gains balance. His courage lies in playing against him, traveling to Cuba, a kiss, whatever he takes, but he does not really win by witchcraft, because he falls on his lawn. That may be shameful, play play to get the missionary and it can only be through. But Skyk wants to win a transition bet on Sarah Brown's desire to persuade her a bit less. But why do you want to? What is in love with Sky? I find the only way to achieve this by accepting that he has entered into his humanity and that he does not want to finish his sister Sarah, so he has to give all the sinners as he promised. The meeting of his prayer, as his "marker," says that he is well able to win it, when he lost his only victory. But this still indicates self-concern than anything else. However, Sarah Brown is concerned with herself, Sky will take the missionary to bring her lover again. It does not seem that, at least, it will change their unity, except in the other's approval. However, this being completely uncomfortable seems to be a proposal: acceptance is still a bit of a cry for happiness in another, much less the transcendence of each "chemistry". And behind that, I think Mankiewicz is fully aware. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls can say that everyone who is still in the defense can not expect much among the musicians, I need to. Just remind us of Cabaret, Three Cents Opera, Carousel, A star born, even Sound of Music, which I do not care much (and we can still add to this list without reaching post-Cabaret musicians), all removing beautiful music and dances have them
