It would be easy to call the most beautiful guys and dolls. Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando have been (and contradict the original intentions of Sinatra), it has an excellent look of the 50s, especially when it is interrupted from one stage to another with a small break. Most of the songs are often fun and enthusiastic, with this gesture and their own escape from the same form of escape. However, if it were not as big as others, Joseph L. Mankiewicz would not be guilty of filmmaking. All songs are not fully pressed, and a little bit of the conversation is made like theater theater (it's hard to say sometimes. Brando and Sinatra often go on the line with caution when it comes to what it is to tell when it comes to a camera or a "stage", the actress Adele While playing it, it's better than the screen. <br /> <br /> One of the winners of the plot is one of those winners, though they have liked their impact on She's All That's 1999 (well, not quite, but close). Sinatra team A player played (and is 14 years old) wants to organize a big-time game, but the police are called "hot", so he has the only chance of organizing a game with a thousand dollars. The only way to get it is to bet with Brando's friend It's what it gets from a big one, who wants to squeeze a job of a mission's workforce. They give the atmosphere of the predictions of the story, the charm of the character is immediately off, the street people's id iosinkrasia (gangster and dancer and Jean Simmons who falls in "saitn"). Brando). It's a basic concept, boys and dolls, and about how to balance or get married all over the world, of course, marrying or jeopardizing. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the piece, even when it is holding the camera on and holding its stars together. Hell, although he works brilliantly by Brando, simply surpasses the actress of the method and shows great singing and high quality. . The story and the characters will eventually go on with the wind, and that's fine. Everything we demand and what we get is entertainment, a horrible spiritual conversation, dialogues and songs, and dances that bring the house (my favorites are the number one lady of the club, Luck be a Andrea, and two numbers down in Havana, Cuba). A-
