This is the funniest letter from Frank Loesser, a topic of competence and a strong construction among those who adapted the "book" of music by Damon Runyon. The movie is surprising how music numbers work. Abe Burrows made the book with Loesser's contributions; Michael Kidd was a choreographer and directed by Joseph Wright. The story can be two sentences. Frank Sinatra, who plays Nathan Detroit, needs money to finance his sustainable mobile games in Big Julie, Chicago Mob Boss, to have fun. The player Sky Masterson, well-presented by Marlon Brando, is committed and will not be able to go with a Salvation Army girl to Havana; Masterson wins, wins the mission, falls in love with the girl, plays toys and wickedness in a play, she gives her an excellent charm, a lie. Of course the lady ends; and married a fiancée who lives in Detroit for a long time, Vivian Blaine. Among others, Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. As Tablet Big Julie Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, as Kathryn Givney Salvation Army leader, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons Salvation Army tepid girl, as Sarah Brown. Broadway's award-winning music awards are: "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be A Lady", "Know Know", "Person A Cold Development," and "Established in New York the oldest established float float! " Joseph L. Mankiewicz "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives" earned fame; and the flow of work is very interesting and well moving. He also directs the giant numbers called "Luck Be Lady", such as "Luck Be Lady". In fact, before the film was created, La Habana "A Woman in Love" presented the title. They sang "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" at the club working on Blain. The performance is very different. Simmons sometimes seems to have been wrong, Brando sings the song and has a very good time with instinct, charm and emphasis on comics. scenes Sinatra tries hard, but Nathan Detroit is bad for many reasons; Blaine is a bit of a theater too to sell his numbers, which, of course, sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley ask for more and more at every point. The stylized opening and closure are well-executed; In short, this movie is a triumphant and subtle lyrics by Loesse, the director Mankiewicz as a ring and a genre of the same genre, just in this case. Beautiful and very different.
