This music was not what I expected; For there was not much scene between Brando and Sinatra. Based on a story by Damon Runyon, I expected irony and astonishment, and one of them was really good, since we saw that Sinatra used Salvage Army office, Simmons was with Brando. The course is in good time when Brando goes back. I expected much more than a singer Brando, but he surprised me. It was not very good, but it was a good thing. However, his large numbers in the sewers, with the rest of Sinatra's boys, felt that Brando's voice was weak. He only had the greatest power that he demanded. In general, I found that the scene between Brando and Simmons was full of electricity, first of all, something that would happen to us only by Simmons, and later we'll go to Brando at the restaurant of Sinatra to try one more time. When Brando went to his office until the story was alive. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra was also flat, as well as his voice. And Vivian Blaine, who I have never heard, but what I've played in Broadway's role seemed slow. Sinatra and Sinatra were obvious. Likewise, his songs were felt to me the weakest, either from the story or from the nature. In addition, the Goldwyn Girls numbers seemed like shoes. For example, when Frank joins up with Brando, we just cut off the cat number routine; Later, it cuts the boys that follow the number of dances as if they were not. With Brando and Simmons on screen, I went well, but every time we returned to Sinatra-Blaine, my interest level disappeared. <br /> <br /> For the songs, they were good, especially Stubby Kaye's first number, Fugue for Tinhorns number (Can Do!). It's a wonderful song and reminded me of The Music Man's first song - Money for merchandise ... whatever it's called. And the number in the sewer: I was not reminded of the "Cool" of the West Side Story, which led me to a point. I really liked the art direction of this film. The fake Times Square was so fake, when he grabbed his attention. It's the same in Havana, and especially in sewers. In 1955, I noticed that it was engraved on most musicals, but things were changing. Carrousel, for example, made use of location photography. Although he did On the Town films in Mahattan in 1949. When we came to the West Side Story, things that were going on in Manhattan in 1961 were really to be filmed in Manhattan. So, conversely, Guys and Dolls set-bound Manhattan felt a bit old and pretty. And Lindy changing to Mindy, did they really have to do it for legal reasons? Now, I always thought that Guys and Dolls were the Adventures of girls and musician Sinatra and Brando. He was much more rigid than he thought. In this sense, it is much better than Les Girls, which was very interesting on their own, but with some kind of skins. <br /> <br /> My main complaint about My Guys and Dolls, and I do not know whether this is an endemic of the original show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took any money to make a bet yours. He also says that he has lost the sign and the bet, he is looking for him and we cut the wedding. The scene between Brando and Simmons seems to me add to the story. To see Brando coming to see him, it would be a great scene. There is a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) while Harold and Marion are waiting for that change. At the top of his house, he goes down the sidewalk. 76 Sing the Trombones. Goodnight My Someone is singing. Suddenly, they listen to each other's songs and sing - a great way to cross each other. The emotional moment of the film is high. Still, Guys and Dolls went a lot.
