Sinatra! (And sympathy!) I'm feeling strong in favor of other reviews. I have read somewhere that Sinatra never forgives anyone. He did not throw it like Sky * Masterson. <br /> <br /> Ok, so who would not want to throw like Sky Masterson? ?? It's a big part: it's a serious mistake when it comes to putting a commitment to charismaticism that seriously drives it into a bet, to get Sarah Brown's Salvage Army Sargeant into Cuba or lose it. Is not it money? It is pride, but he and he are in tune with him. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroitek has to make her longtime friend Adelaide a friend, trying to find a place for craps in a rich place, if she does not get her first fiancée forever away. <br /> <br /> The short story of the life of the film, Damon Runyon, is the unique dialogue that you hear, which is a horrible character, which is its horse race / nightclub / night game. After that, it became music, and you can not help it, but never let the movie come on stage. The camera is unusually static and the set is noticeably ?? and not nice? Flat and baby. Fortunately, music is so great, I do not like it. <br /> <br /> My favorite about this movie is Brando (as Sky) singing and acting as a singer. and Jean Simmons (as Sarah Brown Sargeant). Of course, the singer playing these roles would create a better music; But, definitely, it is forgotten that these two great actors brought something else to the party: they pushed more than what they lacked in voice talent, in the theater, pathos, pathos, pathos. You're in the sky as Sarah argues against reasons, stability, pipes and security. You're going to get bored with Cuba's "milk" under the influence of Cuba. In the playground scene you feel their annoying and passionate scene, which they call the bells and one hour before going to the plane. As a straight Sky, it's "chemistry". Pro singers ?? Have Broadway belts or smooth crooners? You can not trust it to happen. (And they definitely did not.) I read somewhere that he criticized Brando Sinatra that he was not the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra was at the same time annoyed by the four methods of Brando's behavior. As a fan of Brando (does he show it?) On the other hand, I did not imagine that this movie has been a lot of classic today if it were not Brando and Simmons. with their wonderful chemistry; Brando was impossible; Simmons's face, pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a Cuban bar. Beautiful I always want to lick a copy of this movie, if it feels again. You're sorry, Nathan (sleeping) is giving you parts that are speaking, 100% but do not you? Are not you Oh, be quiet and have more Mindy cheese cakes!
