I remember seeing the Disney version and now I can see that it touched the magic one. Other challenges that were put in place after the Cinderella Ever After, were lost all year round. Then I discovered this production without a copy of Kathleen Turner's redundancy, and I reflected on the phantasmagoric essence of this fantasy story, a story that enchanted me in childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, the daughter of her father died and the man and her cunning stepmie dominated her and she prefers to get the ball to get a last chance for freedom. However, this line will be different in the classic Fairy Tale, Cinderella (her real name is Zizola and her family is exclusively called Cinderella as slavery) is trapped in her father's situation (still alive). She slowly loses herself and plunges herself against her wife to play with her wife and her double child. Therefore, Zizola strives to save his father, trying to find a man who sends his ball to find his other mother pretender. In that, Valiant gets bored, his dying life changes his heart and strives with the mysterious lady of strange dress (created by a water mint named Mab) with rose petals for shoes. <br /> <br /> This film has taken me all the way, especially if it can not be compared to the origin of the fairy tale. He does not clash with a web site like most lies about Cinderella's stories. Cinderella does not want to go to the bullfight, and does not show the underside of the prince with Disney version. Instead, Cinderella reveals more altruistic hearts than any other production, and works of art are amazing! The costumes are beautifully made, especially with Zizola red sapphire red balls, with Marcella Plunkett's fantastic beauty and a simple voice-spirited look. <br /> <br /> I'd recommend to everyone interested in this movie about the classic Dreams of the Fairy Tale. My only problem is that producers and directors did not have the whole other Fairy Tale collection with the same item and the movie being printed.
