It is difficult sometimes to say why a film is so effective. When I first found "Stone Boy", it was something that told me it would be a great movie. However, it seemed very difficult for me to really see for myself. Then, one day, looking through the online catalog of my library, I saw that they bought the latest DVD DVD for this movie. I am very pleased that the cinematic depth and quality of an amazing VHS copier will never repeat. <br /> <br /> And I'm going to have to go out and talk about cinematography so far. the most amazing aspect of this film. As a photographer who almost gets the visual style of "The Stone Boy" portrayed, I believe that a great filmmaker can make almost a single movie. Here, with the help of a talented cast and a great deal of director who understands this story correctly. But having the camera behind Juan Ruiz Anchía is a pretty scene in every scene. And you can hardly ever say that. Most of the movies have never expected such a thing. After the scene, the scene comes up with some details, a little visual magic that removes breath. <br /> <br /> The director Christopher Cain has had an interesting and long career. As far as possible, this film is not very significant. Sometimes, to capture the director near the beginning of his career, with great budgets and loss of focus, there is a real subtle magic. Cain has gone back and some things happen with his own life, and then more. As John Sayles films, as the time before, the characters give themselves a breath of breath, talk time. Side stories happen, and that's the way life is. Cain shows a clear, crudely and even more understanding of human nature in this film. <br /> <br /> The story connects a large part of that story together. When people speak, when they are in this movie, they have real people, because they are not playing because they are playing. Gina Berriault's script has been highly talented and respected by actors such as Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Frederic Forrest. Whether they are small things or deep meanings, it comes from the weight of pure reality. <br /> <br /> Looking at the actors involved or the soundtrack of the James Horner sound, it seems strange to almost forget this movie. Perhaps "The Stone Boy" was the time when something was done much. This hangover in the 1970s reminds me of this photo that reminded me of my childhood. People talk about the 80s according to modern styles and music, but I have not remembered or lived in the 80's. The appearance of images, the wise and dark quality of theater performance, and overall results should be under the skin of any person that grew up in North America at any time. I see this myself. I see how I saw the world. And a movie like "Stone Boy" sees how he sees the world. <br /> <br /> On this feeling, see: Black Beltza (1979), Never Cry Wolf (1983), Tender Mercies (1983), Testament (1983), Places in the Heart (1984), Matewan (1987), High Tide (1987), Driving Miss Daisy (1989), The Secret Garden (1993), Secret Roan Inish (1994), Wendy and Lucy (2008)
