The sun rises sharply on a quiet Sunday, which is fully awake, the breeze of my love can feel soft and can be seen in the smiles of the people I am walking around. It's a great day for stays, coffee breaks, lights and love to go to the city. Of course, the flight to Paris is not a quote on this humble film critic, so I had to bet on the next good thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, 18 short films from different international directors. Each piece is named after another neighborhood in Paris and it is a reflection of love. Be careful to overcome the strongest and most believable among all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores the love in many stages of his game. The results are themselves romantic and are surprisingly consistent. And really, what a way to express the nature of fleeing love and how a moment can change your life in a collection of moments filmed. <br /> <br /> Tom Poffler's beautiful poetic budget from the Tyrol Faubourg Saint Denis. In fact, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses snapshots and snapshots to show off the full cycle of love, from the beginning to undo. Originally shot in 2004 and paired for this anthology, Faubourg plays Natalie Portman Francine, an American actress from Paris to participate in a movie and Melchior Beslon Thomas, who is blind in love. In it, blind blinds through difficult terrain. In it, two people consume each other to a point where their lives are almost completely lost. As love seems to be dull and dizzy, Tykwer reminds us of the illusion that brings us minds and illusions when questioned. Sylvain Chomet Tour Eiffel. By choosing Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) one of the most attractive, parents parents know about and tell us the story. His father, mime (Paul Putner), falls into a surrealist stage and eventually enters prison. There she meets a woman who becomes a love of her life (Yolande Moreau). Mimea has become something that is dying, if it has not already died. However, he is natural, dreamy and disturbed. Mime expresses her silent finger in front of the hilarious human behavior, and what is love to make people absurd? We can find someone who is likely to be at least seriously injured. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME maintains a lively flow, focusing on lovers' love. Three memorable scripts are based on the love between parents and children. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) Catalina Sandino Moreno has a lovely song before her child before singing before her child singing songs, in front of a distant child. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) Juliette Binochus is trying to overcome the gap that he feels after losing his son. Binoche still says very little, but it's not surprising that he has given his talent. His struggle on the face is evident in affection that sometimes leaves love. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN OF YOUNG) weighs with a father (Nick Nolte) and his mature daughter (Sara Martins) with a constant shot, who must spend the first time together for a long time. We only see through the street and we approach them when the distance between the two characters is reduced to a place of comfort and acceptance. On the last screen, it is Alexander Payne's 14th edition. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes on an ordinary person and shows us how we can. Carol (Margo Martindale) is an American in Paris. He is alone and he would like less time to take care of the pending dogs at home. He is a common man, who lives in a city of riches and minions, without life. She looks beautifully, reflects, and how she feels. This woman tries to spend so much time in spite of the desperation of her life and sits in a city she loves, she realizes she is really happy and knows more than she is. He immerses in love, perhaps for a moment, life and love itself. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear in the getaway are in Paris, at the romantic center of the JE T'AIME universe. The moments that share each other, helping someone with a hard fall or touching their hands without touching other people or touching them unknowingly, are moments of rage and flourish. Beyond the city of Maitale, we can easily lose moments like these, but we must remember their importance. Something must be taken to the love that passes through the foggy sky. You need to keep your heart open to see it. And when a city can be so abundantly affable, one day he thinks he will find your door.
