Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful film tribute to the city of light and love, which is so complex, almost short and short. Ask people about his life's impressions in Paris and the result would be something like this movie. Connected to each city's sector or arrondissements, the film analyzes the love in all forms, the originals in Paris, and the tourists interact with the great city. Approximately thirty writers and directors, with around five minutes of screen, include Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles. Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among others, are less well-known. The stories are hilarious, humorous, touching, tragic, insignificant and tender. <br /> <br /> In a story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) attracts young lithograph (Elias McConnell). Only a boy talking to him in English casts his heart in French. On the other hand, they are reunited with the husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) in the Latin Quarter until the divorce procedure ends up with another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) who are not in touch with the marriage until the Oscar Wilde spirit intervenes. Steve Buscemi Tuileries's confrontation in a bag of tourists on the subway, Sergio Bastilla's love box (in love with Leonor Watling's lover) is trying to divorce her wife Miranda Richardson as she is ready to guarantee her terminal leukemia. With the help of a legendary cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte, the fantasies and losses of children in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins show the wrong ideas of a "playful" relationship. Pigalle, Melchior, plays a young blind Beslon in the film of Natalie Portman, with Faubourg Saint-Denis, Elijah Wood, and Olga Kurylen's love buffoon in the Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is a drug-rich patriot. In the Quarters des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale, the tourist's travel letter, he desperately attempts to speak French of his life. to travel in a riotous 14ème arrondissement <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the movie tries to unite stories as much as possible, but it only works on superficial levels. The movie is long and there is no bridge between many stories, a factor that can not be seen by the audience, because it lacks time to assimilate all the action. But eventually, it is an exact and detailed tribute to a magnificent city, and the audience supplies many jewelery to visit again in Paris as a time. It's a movie that deserves to be viewed several times! Grady Harpa
