... Paris is a floating party. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is not possible to count how many talents in Paris, paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes, and movies ... The famous filmmaker Max Ophüls talked about Paris, br /> <br /> "Glossy bronze wings were offered under lights, Montmartre's breakfast, cups, warm coffee and brioche, gigolos and prostitutes. overnight Everyone in the world has two relatives: the same and Paris. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always linked to love and love, and" Paris, Je T'Aime "is the subtitle" Petite romances ", a collection of short films, sketches of 18 talented directors from all over the world. We all know City of Light, one of 20 districts, and of Parents of all ages, sex, colors, and origins, in love with its changes and in many phases: in "Little Romans" we are witnesses of strangers, immediate interests, proximity, and maybe relationships, such as Podalydès and Florence In Muller Montmartre street, the opening film or Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti, a white boy and a Muslim girl, Gurinder Chadhak, who is starting out in Quais de Seine. I would like to introduce a short film called Gus Van Sant, a "Le Marais" boy the heart delivers to another boy who immediately recognizes an unexpected proximity, asking for a permit to call. The purpose of his interest is never understood in French was to realize it. <br /> <br /> Some of the meetings are waves and even darker. In the "Loin du 16ème" by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas, Catalina Sandino Mareno (an Oscar-nominated Oscar nominee with Grace) is the only one who works in a wealthy neighborhood that needs to work as a nanny. Every morning before the baby starts working. One of the most significant and heartfelt films is Oliver Schmitz's "Place des Fêtes". Aizsa Maïga and Seydou Boro took part in two young lovers. Here are the promises, but the hate and intolerance happen everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Isabel Basti's "Bastilla" was written and directed by Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto is in love with his wife, when he is ready to leave with a beautiful lover of Richardson, the wife's devastating news comes from the doctor ... <br /> <br /> I can think of all 18 small gems. I like many of them. Others feel sorry and maybe they will soon be forgotten, but I am generally glad I bought a DVD and I know that I will return to my favorite movies again and again. I have mentioned "Place des Fêtes", directed by Were Craven, "Père-Lachaise", the most famous and intelligent man, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, "Sideways Director"). Who saved a confused relationship. Payne also directed the "14th Arrondissement". Denver, a middle-aged adult in CO, explores the city on its own, and covers French with a prominent voice accent. Payne's introduction is one of the trendiest and most fun "Tuileries" by Joelen and Ethan Coen (who else?) Steve Buschemi is my favorite. In both socks, American tourists sit in seats (after visiting the Margo Park and Steve Paris under the Louvers), respecting their lives around them. Margo may say, "My feeling is dull and agile, my sadness is shining ..." In some Steve's words, knowing that sometimes the most comprehensive and most useful tourist guide would not be able to do wrong things in a foreign country. .
