He has met tonight in the digital projection seminar (35mm shot and 6k first fully screened 4k mastered, and 2 will be projected with the projector at the ETC / USC theater in Hwd). 18 directors (Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among other great French / international directors) took five minutes to make a love story. All shapes and shapes come with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally ridiculous ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... well ... and he actually wrote the work In, Msr Depardieu and many great international actors, all the great stories from great comedies and one of those things that happens to Alex Payne Van Sant, a woman who knows herself, and everywhere ... anywhere ... in most sequences (with English subtitles) and The small amount spoken in English is spoken in French, although it probably relegates to art (a la Diva) as an "experimental" but a single piece that can be colorful, and fun, sometimes complex relationships are all simple (all "experimental" If it does not overwhelm your formative story, it has brought me many emotions ... I admit that I am damaged by my mother ... in the cinema ... when I feel When it is presented in other great things. Although I made mummy laughing, I saw other people (thank you!) The film reached the peak for me, along the middle, somewhere, the last two sequences came together again. Some beautiful Parisian photos of the night, the abundant romantic type of music, usually well-used, not only "emotions" sound schmalt, in general good cinematography, although some shots seemed soft. (shot / scene main character). It's a good and overall rhythm for every movie, although it's a bit long (20 films had to be left but two were to be the DVD) it seemed the balance between the tone of the movies. . I do not know when it's coming out, but a good 5-minute movie is a good investigation ... and sometimes it does not work (it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short film). It should be in the region after releasing it, but they did not know when.
