I was fortunate to be an elegant, thoughtful and funny film to take part in a performance in Stockholm. Since romance is the main weapon of his arsenal, Paris tidees spontaneously in Paris, browsing eighteen "laurels", but with Parisiennes and Sakarina formulas silent. Without a doubt, his pain is the frustration of the director of the gold director? frustration screen more than just 5-10 minutes? In this way, you are only presented with the best and safest way to go for each side. <br /> <br /> I concluded that all 18 segments should be reviewed or not discussed, redundant and long. Instead, make sure that every director shoots their style and extravagant skills, and you will definitely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist silence, he is one of the best contributions of LES MARAIS, as well as a good reference to Kurt Cobain. Coen brothers have rebuilt one of the most accessible Paris segments, Steve Buscemi, an eminently-transparent but transparent, scene-maker and light-minded cameraman who probably made me laugh in my theater and perhaps well. <br /> <br /> So, all the lines are the only ones? Is it strained by the minds of different directors? but the most devoted to the rest is Vincenzo Natalia's QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE. Horror Horror Gothic love is the star of Elijah Wood, as a Parisian quiz, in a night that encounters a vampire. It seems that the black-and-white color contrast in the black and white format appears on the screen, it almost became a pastiche of Sin City? alternately refreshing and spectacular, otherwise in a rather directed film. <br /> <br /> But Tom Tykwer, FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, was my favorite segment, but I think that it was conditioned for thinking, I liked myself in the theater and encouraging my friend. "At last, my favorite director here". However, it can not be denied that Tykwer offers a beautiful segment, where a blind man chooses his / her telephone and he / she is listening to her girlfriend (with Portman) that she is reluctant to break her and think about her relationship. Like Tywker's style, this story is fast-moving, kinetic and repetitive, and screams and races (Lola Rennt) are the most adrenaline tricks of Paris and Tywker begins to use himself. the most powerful tool ?? music <br /> <br /> In order to comply with the negative account, not all directors touch Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet draws at the bottom of the pile, draws a really useful segment in which a boy retrieves the story of how parents knew each other. Two loneliness are lonely. This part is, therefore, your face in French and it is desperately revolutionary for international audiences. Suwa also runs a bad and fluffy segment, Juliette Binoche, a horrible dread, with the sadness of her son losing. Something else happens. In the end, the collection and integration of the last 18 stories is completely diminishing and half-felt. But, nevertheless, the castles in Paris really make you better, because the rest of the story is well-liked and fun theater. Without a doubt, it stands out in 2006 (it is not much said, I assume) and a very personal film, it is essential to choose your favorite and favorite. It is highly recommended for both "public pretentious" (usual) audiences. 10/8/10
