Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I often admit that films scorned are often: "Quintet", Brigitte Fossey's arrival and a pleasure to see a beautiful, "Unforgettable Games" as a child was unforgettable; "HealtH", Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson; "Popeye", a superb and surreal world, the wonderful locations of Shelley Duvall's Olive Oyl and Malta; "O. & Stiggs," suggesting an anti-teen movie; "Beyond Therapy," due to its darkness and the presence of Genèvieve Page, due to the travesty of the Parisian chic-like effort ... Although I enjoyed their single-action TV series "The Dumb Waiter." "and" laundry. "If you do not have to develop any kind of film, Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger, or Jane Curtin have wonderful performances, I enjoy watching and describing different cultures in the United States, and I enjoy it. They're always appreciated and always forgot about giving prizes and American prizes. It's not a major supplier of your fantasies. There's more than one Maverick, so it's not surprising that they've posted bad posting "The Gingerbread Man" so far and I'm aware of it The "main" effort I had. I did not know that there were not so many people like Leonard Maltin who did not really like Altman, in this case, we would like Gingerbread Man, but I have more reason for Grisham than with the scriptwriter. There are some trademarks here: improvised conversation, great performances, law office dib an intriguing, ordinary receptionist and shameless secretary. Although some people are boring, I found the first brilliant action, thanks to the man who filmed Changwei Gu, "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". There are ways to show the same things we see in other American films, but under another light. Through "foreign look", everything looks almost new and different. In this first action, logical and true things were! Wait until older. There may be problems under a beautiful and beautiful Embeth Davidtz. I know what I have done to myself, what I have seduced myself! Then Robert Duvall's character is repulsive, threatening and mysterious, while Geraldo storms threatening Savannah. The second act is fake and fun, because Altman bitten. I remember, in many cases I laugh, with his ironic remarks. I think that while applying for a little Brecht, he was getting away from us, preparing us for the third act of Hollywood pastiche. Altman makes a great deal of experience. Being a smart man and a smart director happily did not fit into the prey of current action movies. He directed the story of lust, greed and death. I did not feel a bit disappointed with the movie. I give nine, 10 instead of Grisham. The American reader has become the author of the best seller. Why complain? Perhaps Altman should thank his stories, for his character, to show utterly blurry and totally shocking. However, it makes so much taste and humor, but I can not agree with the negative. For me, these people see the other movie ... And vice versa.
