In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most popular films of all time. But this is a common knowledge; I think that its main problem, at the same time, is the set of genres that cover, unless we develop a specific style that the author would designate. Hitchcock liked his suspense and horror thrill; Chaplin liked the comedy; Scores likes stories like guided underworld crime, and Spielberg likes a large-scale, high-budget adventures, which combine enough violence for adults and fun for kids. Other more obscure examples are: Kubrick and Welles, too covered in writing here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher turns around a big idea or a very enjoyable film that makes a faulty movie. seemingly sad Down Down was an excellent idea but flawed and anticlimactic I found seemingly over-the-scenes on comedy. Batman is a superhero; The superhero films have been very successful lately; So how great a horrible superhero movie I got for myself. Then comes 8MM; A film with a premise in front of Tigerland, in the opinion of Schumacher's best film, in my opinion. Along with the warlike genre, laughter is one that does not connect most. I remember the loss of Ryan's conflict to the nonsense of D-Day landings: when I saw the movie, I did not know about the second world war and when it was over. My eyebrows were up, my mouth was a little open "I can not believe my smile" on my face. Needless to say, as a result of this film, I learned everything about this event and learned a whole war. The Tigerland invitation laughed at Bozz (Farrell), inviting you through a tough and terrifying soldier of the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But it's clear here is that there is no leftover war falling. fighting, death and destruction scenes; The only man and his fight system most of the time. What he says and reminds of things that are bold about his problem is that the school that focuses on teachers in a strict boarding school for small school children. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket because of the Vietnam routine training routine, though I think boos and super-players play here. Superiors that are suicide drills raise up against Bozzen. The third part of Freud that joined Buch is also a triangle: ID. Compared to all the other soldiers with the highest standards, Bozz is the only courage to show off against the sergeant, thus saying that he does not float on the surface: "you're all dead in this situation!" A sergeant barks. "Questions?" "Yes, as I am dead, how will a question happen to me?" Bozzo responded: eating penalties, such as boosts and dirt, seems to undermine the DNI in true ID style; That is, he enjoys punishment. <br /> <br /> In the case of super-sights, Bozzo at any time wants to order a team of soldiers in field training. That is what the team captain can not do, so the super end of the job and the trust in Bozz trusts. Below is a dialogue between Bozz and a sergeant in his chair. This is the character of Wilson's soldier (Whigham): Bozz, his uncontrollable rage and anger, occasionally creates the only true scene of a movie filming. Wilson can not control his impulses and has not liked Bozz. <br /> <br /> I also liked Tigerland, it's a daring shot. Although there is no innovation, Tigland seems to use lower-grade films or smaller cameras to make it look great. Do not miss it, it could be a beautiful and attractive movie. But, we get a document approach to the final piece, apparently shot in a typical television cameraman. The attention to intervention is also evident, but Schumacher is clear: he never tells the movie to make a mockumentry too much, which could mean half the budget of the movie at the same time. It is worth saying here that Spielberg wanted Ryan Ryan to save himself, as if he had a real coil or something like that, and had recorded a war scene. <br /> <br /> Although Tigerland is very funny and fun, it's still a great deal for people who mark the mark; Not necessarily in war, but in the nearest possible replacement. The study of a man and the system can not seriously hate what he hates to see is the leadership of each soldier. There are several scenes and situations that are memorable, happy and unhappy when you're done to open your mind and possibly the way in which the military thinks.
