Will and Ted's Bodacious trip is an existential journey of death, religion, time, heaven and hell, because it seeks the glory of mankind and the fear of the body overcomes the curved soul. Paradise Lost is the most intelligent piece of fictional work, and he cites a lot of past artworks: Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, Dude is a famous rock band, with past icons in Naples, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They learned the skills learned from each of these people, they took a couple of princesses and eventually learned to play guitar and wrote successful songs. These songs teach them to re-love the world and have defeated war, hunger, and wickedhood forever. We go to a distant future, a mad dictator who contests Simon Cow-Al wants to direct the world. He eats Rooshus (a cool boy from the first movie, Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gets the time to send two cyborgs. Cyborgs live a hundred times more than the metal exoskeleton and are covered with mimetic polymeric alloys to survive the agitation of the time they live, and imitate any thing that can contribute through physical contact. His job is to kill Biff and Fred and no one can do great music. By doing so, the world will change forever. Gryll and Jed's music are no longer starved by war, famine and hate, and a bland / pop musical boyfriend will be more annoying. There is a surprising reflection when real boys die and the world must keep themselves and their wives in front of the evil Dopplebanger that lives in their body. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows the culture of young people and acquaints with the true culture with modern music and modern postmodern phrases and artistic references and tries to teach something to show our psyche. He presented the teenage nightmares of the late 80s, abandoned a society and the structuralist jingoism in the mailbox, asking us to dissolve love and evil in that era. We can change the world with belief, it is an inspiring message, but we have to go through the dreams, cross it and we have to face our nightmares. Overcome, to be successful, to defeat, death is the first step in life and not only survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves, 'Wow!' The best scene: In a fun game, you can see how many songs, bands, and album-covered references you can watch over the film. There are at least 6.
