This is the first edition of the naturalistic style used by the Europeans, especially the Frenchmen and the Belgians, who has spent at least a decade, and is it not time? In Crown Heights, Brooklyn, the last days of Brooklyn summer breaks, after three girls in school, all good arts do what they need: he discovers the universal. Although girls are commonplace - boys, sex, reputation, money, freedom, and clothes - we see how universal life between a person's life and character and fate converge. <br /> <br /> Complete naturalism, complete. The film breathes, it is in the moment and lives in real time. It tells the story itself. Medium and its creators, once, are not messages. The film continuously shows the perseverance of the characters' childhood perspective; It does not impose its meanings or morals on the adults. Details are generated on their own, they are never encouraged, and therefore they seem even more real and powerful. Crown Heights, one of the most dangerous places in the US, which is the Black Ghetto, and one of the most violent non-violence in the United States, has been subject to childhood in the ghetto and not in a ghetto. they. <br /> <br /> Jackie Robinson Steppers is a documentary session of a group practice session that films films, with an explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera is very close, very intimate, patient, unbelievable and unnoticed. The language is rich, spontaneous, transparent. Some scenes stand out, for example, as the girls say, each showing their deepest fantasy. Lanisha acknowledges the death of random violence as one of the most amazing ghetto. He shares his love and fear with his mother before sharing the difficult lives of adults equally, and beautifully, with assiduous affection. <br /> <br /> Social reality is respected, they are not extended: all three girls create one mother, only one, Lanisha, father has turned her life (and, by chance, the three is most emotionally stable and empathy for the others , and self respect more). Two of them suffer from asthma, the most ill-considered disease in the interior. The fire, accepted daily events, suspends his conversation for a moment. Only joy, a little girl, feels hopeful, believes that she has a control over the future, and they have already been disappointed in two other degrees. <br /> <br /> This is, to date, the best American dramatic film. I've seen it for years. See, see, see.
