"One day, we will spend the rays of a beautiful sun. For some days, when the world is much brighter" - "Ooh Child" 5 runs <br /> <br /> Black teenage movies are usually included in the inner city. They face violence against drug groups or hip-hop soundtrack. The movie about teenage everyday problems in the inner city is very difficult to find but it's a curious curiosity that I would like to recommend: Jim McKay, our song, is about three girls in the Crown Heights in Brooklyn, who will be closed for removal of asbestos-stud to decide the direction of the future, which can lead to different ways. The story is told from the perspective of a 15-year-old young man, not just like an old man who reminds him of the past. F-words obligingly avoiding street slang and honest and beloved portrait of three friends at the crossroads of his life. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson), and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year of secondary school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers and they are a group of real life marches, so the trials for a Labor Day parade provide discipline and purpose for the rest of their lives. <br /> <br /> David Gordon Green's, but less stylized, George Washington shows the film as black actors and non-Latino professionals along with Kerry Washington. Although the performances were a lot of amateur moments, I was also very involved with the story I was forgotten by girls. Maria, whose father is in jail, Terrell, has learned that the local student is pregnant. He wants to have a child for only 15 years, and Terrell surely does not have much help. Joycelyn works on a large-scale dress shop, but wants to become a singer. In her bedroom, she wants to talk to her fans in a very poisonous scene and then lie down in bed to recite her poems. At the beginning, Lanisha and Maria are close, but she does her friends outside the neighborhood. The girl does not receive any help at home, and Maria is too scared to tell her mother about her child. However, single moms are not typical or alcoholic films. They are parents who are warm and loving and have limited time with their children, as it is a supportive to the family. <br /> <br /> The parents of Lanishan have been divorced, but they can visit their father to talk to a concierge at a luxury apartment and music. Mother gives comfort to a suicide friend from Lanxia's neighbor, another melodramatic composition, otherwise a realistic movie. As the summer falls, the girls turn away and each decides a different course. However, there is not much dramatic moment, but the sad acknowledgment of the inevitable change. Although we do not blindly monitor the frustrations, we identify them without experiencing negative expectations and dreams. Our Songs are a film that is emotionally satisfying, growing in projects that do not want to see life in other ways of life.
