The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, Lee Shin-ae, is a woman with a husband who has died in a tragic accident and who, along with her son, lived in Seoul Miryang and lives with her young son. . Jeon's face is very variable. She is a little girl, girl, elegant, old and sad, disappointed and cheerful, with her and alternately frozen, and everything is on her face. The film also features Song Kang-ho Kim, a car that catches Miryang's acquaintance with the car, which cleans his clothes all over the time he is around, despite his interest in interest. Song is now known for the work of the greatest Korean star, Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy of Vengeance, murder memories and host). And yet, he is a character that plays here, the almost neglected man. But, of course, it is interesting and curious. Jeon's character is an essential sales move away. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. It will come to a new town, a neutral place, a poor man, Seoul, "just like anywhere else," as Kim says (like anyone else). His little boy is born, like little boys, but sometimes it is damaged and deprived. His father was rigid, and when he lacks it, he wakes up, rocking. She goes to school, and Shin-ae joins parents and students and merchants. The film is a sensible place, even though the place is "in any way" in a sense. People speak in the local dialect and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Shin's Seoul was immediately noticed. Is life really harder here, outside of the big city and its sophistication? Shin seems to realize that there is no risk. <br /> <br /> Something awful happens. And Shin does not necessarily face it in the best way possible. But it happens and it has to deal with the consequences. But he can not. It's a piece. An author is caught, but that is not consolation. In the end, he becomes desperate, he goes to a Christian reunion, a girl who has been rushing to go to a well-known audience. He finds peace and frees him thus. But when he decides to forgive the author, but when he told him to go to prison, this experience is full of irony and destroys it again. He becomes drowsy and disappointed and finds no consolation of religion anymore. And it's worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives everything to his harsh and protective mission. Lee Chang-dong may be a good director. An actor from Song Kang-ho expresses great admiration for her, that is to be persuaded. According to Scott Weekly, LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002), have been nominated as one of the leading figures in the country's film innovation. But this is not a good movie with other corporate corporations I have seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon, and Park Chan-wook, who are almost generosity and wicked. As Foundas says, "Asiatic Alice does not live here," and "violently and without warning" becomes something of a thriller, and then a study of human suffering almost at Bresson. "But this progress does not appear random and harmful, the movie slows down and pushes momentum to the end, then just fizzles out, no ending, they are also weaknesses of the action. Shin looks at his son as bad as he chooses, Jean chooses. -Jacques Beinex, if he directs Betty Blue to the madness like Betty, that is to say, his special and incorrect options, he does not develop properly. An interesting film is definitely worrying, but doubtful and sad, with emotional emotion After that. <br /> <br /> The official selection of the New York Film Festival was presented at the Lincoln Center in 2007, a recent event by Korean filmmakers.
