Corean cinema can be a great surprise to the Western audience, due to the many tones and genres that you can find in the same movie. In a Korean drama, such as "Secret Sunshine", you'll find comic pieces, thriller scenes and romantic times. "Life is not only a tragedy, it's also a tragic comedy," Kang-ho Song is a character that has been intertwined. But I'm not misunderstood by the heterogeneity of the genres that the movies are playing, thanks to the experience that this rich film offers to the audience. This does not mean that there is no unity: on the other hand, it is strange to see a massive and profound portrait of a woman with pain. Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life. His son, his husband, in his hometown, really suffers the unity of this film through different faces of suffering. The real mother eliminates the psychological descriptions of all the phases that go through the poor mum. Rejection, loss, anger, faith, perception of reality: the film leaves all the steps that characterizes the character and looks like a psychological catalog of a woman suffering from all stages of suffering. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept the appearance of a conceptual experience (the woman carries the mask of the tragedy, the man depicts comics with each other) and the artifice of the movies touches you. I have to say that some parts of the movie really started (especially from the beginning), especially those that really help the person who likes Chang John's disability, but that suffering is also emotionally emaciated towards me. However, some of the cinematic ideas are amazing and amazing (a scene in a long body is amazing). These types of scenes have become a melo equivalent to "Secret Sunshine" "The Host" for horror films or "Thousands of memory" by thriller. These films are amazing, original, aesthetically incredible and give a different dimension to the genres that face it. The only thing that is forgotten by "Secret Sunshine" is forgotten the "host", it's the cry of its audiences: a good point for a melodrama, but a good point for a good movie.
