Secret Sunshine is back to world director Lee Changdong's film, after many years of character. In his critique, three critically acclaimed films, the veteran veteran Jeon Doyeon and the great talent of Cannes, have won the first role of Lee Shinae. Below is a journey through a woman's tragedy and explores the previous mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the obvious things that Secret Sunshine is seeing is not what you want to follow. but selects the characteristics of the genre, trying to convey it when needed. The story itself is followed by Lee Shinae and his son, Milyang, with his son (that is, Sino-Korean returns with Secret Sunshine). As a result of her husband's death, Milyang moved to Milyang, so the film is being tragedy. And you think things are so good as it opens a piano shop and Jongchan (a nice Kanon playing Jongchan) finds a strange mechanical boy. But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> We continue with Shinae (and Jongchan, doggedly) with Milyang and the fortune that he has for her, the cracks of her armor become rapidly visible. . She is a confused woman trying to resist her strength to overcome the tragedy and not see enough. Secret Sunshine still continues to be the most dramatic aristotelic arc, but catharsis retreats, some viewers may, above all, confuse the end but rescues Milyang's novelist symbolism, the controversies of the sun, and images. The movie made me very happy, when I began to think more about the movie. <br /> <br /> Andrea Jeon is pretty impressive, especially if he does not play well, soon the melodrama would become painful, but Shinae's nuances have diminished the nuances of shading. Mr. Song has a lot less work in other films than in other films, but it's a good idea to give Mrs. Jeon the right one. Technically, the film is well-known in the classical sense. There is no fascinating aesthetic here. The director tries to speak clearly of the story itself. I think my real complaint, and one that can not be solved, despite all the time with Shinae, there is a bit of distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least I). I think that some of them come from the nature of work, if they are driven by empathy, then we would not see Shina objectively problematic. On the other hand, I have never felt Shinae's severe situation, a lot of tears and a worse and worse behavior. <br /> <br /> However, the movie is still awesome, especially if he thought it helped me to think. In this regard, the reflections on the meaning and tragedy, the dealings, the deception, the isolation and the faith in them have been well left over with the end of the credits. Due to a strong direct performance, I honestly did not notice its execution of 2.25 hours. And that says something. Well done. 8/10.
