Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for the 2007 Cannes Festival and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, the new widow of Shin-ae, won the 60-year-old best actress at the Cannes Festival. She also won the best Secret Sunshine film, and Jeon-Do Yeon won the Asia Pacific Screen Awards for Best Actor. In addition, this film has won almost all the best prizes in the Korean film festivals. Constantly written and directed, and only taking pictures, the secret Sunshine is the hope and salvation that can be found when life is found to be a constant tragedy. This film also mentions God and people's forgiveness. Lee Chang Dong, the director and writer of this film, said in an interview: "In a broad sense, I wanted to express love and the film could be a melodrama. Without love, we can not speak of hope and salvation." Lee acknowledged that the secret Sunshine genre was not apparent. This movie is not a film about religion, but many Korean Christians have taken care of it because there were many Christian elements in the movie. <br /> <br /> As a result of the secrecy of Secret Sunshine, Jun, Shin-his son is kidnapped and killed. He demands a bailiff money, because he can buy land, he supposes a wealth. His lie causes much sadness. <br /> <br /> Shin becomes a goddess of the church and wants to forgive the murderer. He has decided to pay his son's killing prison and to apologize. Jong-chan, friend of Shin-ae, says: "Excuse me in your heart. Do you go to jail?" His church staff encourages and they say they will pray. She agrees with her shepherd. It's a sad moment, because initially it's not an act. The meeting with the murderer is another turning point of Shin-Aena's life. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that God has been forgiven. This has an anger for God. He said: "How could you forgive the man I forgive before?" <br /> <br /> It begins to fight against God. He looks at heaven and says: "I will not miss you." It becomes a shame, the heart is a trap, and the hands are strings. It's more painful than death. It becomes lighter and cheeky and sends to a hospital in the hospital. When Shin-ae goes to hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and knows her face. The killer of his son's daughters works in the store and cuts his hair. The daughter of the killer has kidnapped Shin-ae's son. While shaving the hair of Shin-Aeen, the protagonist can not understand what is going on and goes out of the store. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan film. Jong-chan is best to be close to Shin-ae. Shin-ae does not care at all, it's always next. Shin-ae leaves the church immediately, but Jong-chan, because the church is attending Shin-ae, is left there because it feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (a secret sun), a rural city or vice versa. Apparently, "it will be secular and frivolous, but it always has two steps behind and looks after it. Milyang is the same". Mr. Lee added: "Someone joked that Jong-chan might be an angel. I think he could be an angel. Who knows? We can not be sure there is no angel." If a person like Jong-chan steals and rotates his lover forever, we can defend ourselves. Shin's meaning is full. After her husband died, she died and her only son was killed by a murderer, who moved to her hometown. And the soul was damaged because he had learned Christianity in a bad way, and that crazy literally. It's easy to say that his life is full of nonsense. Still waits in his life? Can not find meaning in his life? The last scene gives us hope. Shin tries to cut her hair: we travel to our own lives. However, he realizes that it is hard to do, and we know we can not do everything. Jong-chan holds the mirror while she trims her hair. That's his hope. Jong-chan is beside her and wants to help her, in any case, in that situation. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like his angel. If an angel is always next to us and is still behind us, we can find happiness in life even when life is sadly confronted. <br /> <br /> The secret Sunshine was a hot topic in Korean conversations. It's like Da Vinci Code. Although Da Vinci Code discusses the history of the first church, Secret Sunshine is confronted with the confusion of life and makes sense of life absurdity. With the surface of the film's interpretation, people misunderstood Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interaction, it helps us to watch the movie below the surface. Many people say they have stopped church service at Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong responds: "Before the film was already anti-Christ, Secret Sunshine is a story and we can interpret. Our lives Shin- throughout my life.
