I do not want to write this review, but after reading the review review of this movie's URL, I had to write a refusal. The movie in a word is superlative. It is not worth the detrimental review written by the writer. I think the writer has completely lost the point of the movie. In fact, I also deactivated the overwhelming show of Evangelists' devotions in the center of the movie. However, I have to be different from the reviewer, but this movie is not a propaganda for propaganda. I believe that the director has shown that religion is not the answer to all the answers, which asks religion in large measure to not answer fundamental questions and everything that religion offers. one-sided or other, insignificant distribution. This does not show the characteristic value of religion, with the common religion, especially well understood, which expresses good people and needs to be remembered, and they usually do not have the monopoly of the truth, and therefore the religion can not answer at the end. to life questions. In the end, it's a matter of faith. You have to take faith and that's all. And if they are given to faith, you will value your vision of faith. And if not given to faith, showing faith is tiring. So, at the same time, the teacher is studying the review of the movie reviewer. In any case, the director shows that we can decide whether to accept the religious interpretation of the events and the answers to the questions, but if that life continues and all the wounded souls are under the "secret sun". their religious orientation. And this is the main message of the film! Note the latest movie scene, if you do not get it! In the end, it's a great movie and it creates a lot of thought and confronts you with the question you need to answer yourself. So, an artwork is challenged personally. With that I agree with the reviewer, the evangelical things were too much. However, in terms of the interpretation of the religion that is shown in the film, do I think that the director tried to compensate the evangelist for not balancing the action? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was always good. It is very balanced and perfect that it is amazing. Certainly, it's my favorite Korean actress. The actor Do-yeon Jeon has won the Best Cannes Actor Award for this film. However, I did not find it in their specialization. Apparently, you just persuade yourself to win prizes, crying and hysterical scenes and all? Everything is a great movie. If you do not want See again and see it! If you are happy or uncomfortable, think or ask questions, if the director did not direct the first one in this movie!
