Paul Verhoeven has one of the most curious works of any of the most important directors: his original Dutch began making films of art before going to Hollywood, where he made subversive genres, often seen by enthusiasts as mere entertainment. In 1983, The Fourth Man was the last movie to the United States, and it seems to have been a transition for him. <br /> <br /> From the start of the fourth man it is clear that this film will be seen. Gerard, from the poor but famous author. A tribute to Carol Reed with tribute to The Third Man's 1949 film, and a writer who travels with literary hobbies. However, the similarities end, however, Gerard did not have problems before arriving at the auditorium and the conversation is quite smooth. Although it's a relatively easy-to-use feature, we are aware that the author is somewhat worried that he has left his house and has fantastic performances before leaving home, he has a hotel that adverts and a surrealist fantasy with a bright eye. He came out of the look of a door. Sometimes his fantasies make it difficult to distinguish reality from reality when he reveals himself as an untold anecdote, and admits that the "false truth" does not already know whether or not he or she does something. it will not happen. "<br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of fantasy and surreal dreams, which makes them more worrying, because it's easy to see how they are linked to and how they are sometimes backed up by what happened in the past. It's still true for real sequences and Verhoeven In the style of editors, this is not the main thing to be an atmospheric movie, Look Not Now on this side, and this movie resembles ambiguity. Unlike this movie, The fourth man is also a fun way, Gerard's deep Catholic beliefs which includes sexuality in all aspects of life, and in particular, combines female hair styling, although known by Dalilah the Biblical, he will suppress a more important symbol of masculine masculinity, a statue of the one who lives on the cross of Christ in an erotic fantasy fantasy that Luis Buñuel wishes to hate. Representing a man who has been attracted to one picks it up <br /> <br /> The fourth man is a horror movie for the viewer. In the mind of the protagonist, still maintaining a certain ambiguity, Gerard seems to be endangered, but it may be more than a "false truth". This is a subtle and subtle symbolic visual movie that transforms it into a unique and fun cinematic experience.
