THE VIERDE MAN show (THE FOURTH MAN) is a totally disturbing and fascinating experience. Paul Verhoeven is a very intense and intense psychological mystery / thriller of the Netherlands. He directed this film before starting with Hollywood's "free-ticket to Hollywood", this film is FLESH + BLOOD. I mentioned a lot of user comment on this site with Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this movie may be part of the hitchcock, but I first mentioned Cronenberg's (early versions), David Lynch's early flavors (stories of Surrealist connection) and even Roman Polanski (plot design). It is a funny thing that the directors of the films that were watching with DE VIERDE MAN did not follow since 1983, since the fourth year of THE FOURTH MAN. So go to the image. <br /> <br /> The story of the original novel by Gerard Reve has to be carefully considered. Gerard Reve is also the name of the fictional character (a painter who plays Jeroen Krabbé, in a dangerous line of serious psychosis). Now, did someone stop and say "rêve" the word "dream" in French? And the movie shows a lot of movies of dreams or dreams, often, so you do not always know if Gerard wakes up or feels himself. Is not coincidence ...? Maybe it's just for me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is amazing (in a sharp role). Sometimes it seems that more than it has caused (in a subtle way). But this part is clearly intended to describe the character that plays, so as not to be aware of what this woman thinks about her and how she progresses, as she progresses. He again proves what an excellent actor. Films may also include some of the scenes that depict the total face of men and women, even some explicit sex scenes (and you'll also see some scenes and aspects that were clear later on scenes to be shot in Verhoeven BASIC INSTITUTE). <br /> <br /> This movie has another aspect of symbolism and biblical references / images; In fact, some Catholic and conservative movements allegedly hated this film during the European premiere. However, the movie is worth a second look. Now, I recently told me that someone had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them focuses on a position that requires the intervention of the Virgin Mary who directs the film itself. I have great problems as far as, in any genre, it has been a Catholicism that has been filmed in many genres and is still depicted in some genres (and so with exaggeratedly horror films). But to be surprised, I was not the fourth man. On the ground, the side of the Virgin Mary took me a bit, but I liked it, in some way. I think why he did not worry about why the 'duality' was the key word. This film works on two levels. If 'Divine interventions' had to solve the plot line from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the film concluded that all of these could be transient ephemerals of a damned fellow. And that's funny: you never know for sure. And then the question is: did Gerard Reve have to have somehow distorted seeing future things? At a moment in the film, Gerard tries to believe that he believed that Kristine clarified that he believed. Christine's way of playing in that specific scene. <br /> <br /> So, with a compelling story, convincing performances and the right direction, DE VIERDE MAN is highly recommended (especially if you're enjoying a strong European psychological horror film, but make sure your original version is missing.
