I do not know whether or not I have a master's degree, but it's very close; very well-done, artistic, suspensful, highly drawn, thematically challenged and with pre-eminent image and sexual religion. The atmospheric atmosphere of Jan de Bonten Loek Dikker and the excellent performance of Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk are also excellent camera work. This is one of the most fascinating and finer femme fatale ever seen. Like other European films, this film feels without sexuality, complexity and sexuality, and does not have any reservations to confuse religious and / or surrealistic images (we may say some). In other words, if you can not see a lewd homosexual, see the object of his crucifix being crucified on Jesus crucified, before joining two of them in the cemetery of a cemetery, this may not be a movie for you. What surprised me most was how confusing that this strange movie was completely confused. He combines abstract / parallel scenes of fantasy and reality and works in some way. Like a good mystery, you'll see pieces that slow down the movie as you progress. There is no resolution here on the left field here. The film is under the direction, it is not necessary and after completion, you will begin to understand the purpose that could be confused earlier. If you like Ken Russell and David Lynch's work, I can almost assure you that you love this movie. Badly, if you do not know someone, you still would like it. <br /> <br /> I will not ruin the plot if it is more accurate, but the initial shot of the film captures a spider predator on the web; It's Krabbé's scenario, as writer and invader Gerard Reve (also interesting as the writer's name), through a wealthy, mysterious and sexy woman named Christine. Soutendijk, like Simone Simon, combining androgynous styling, is just as innocent as innocence), could be a literal "black widow" caused by the death of his previous three husbands. Both become lovers and move on, but we believe that (by Christin's strange behavior and the emergence of another woman), Geert de Jong - whether it really exists or not everything is immensely under boiling. surface One of Christina's lovers, Herman (Thom Hoffman) is young and "beautiful" at home; things take an unexpected turn. That's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> 4. SOCIETY has been a successful home of art throughout the world, but it did not reach the USA until 1984. Los Angeles Film Critics Association is the best year of the year's best film. The most popular video is Media version, which has been enormously duplicated. Try to avoid this and directly insert it into the anchor DVD dashboard. Since arriving in the Americas, Verhoeven's career has been a downturn. He has made shorts (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some lousy ones (Showgirls). Verhoeven's Basic Instinct has been the most interesting junior junior of the fourth man. Soutendi also tried to work in America and the best deals ever since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE DESTRUCTION (1991) returned home in Holland.
