Paul Verhoeven's 'Basic Instinct' was a success in the face of the previous, a neolore and elegant thriller. Verhoeven's Trash has become known for making sharp noise both in his hometown in the Netherlands and in America, and why this movie is. The fourth man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (interpreted by Jeroen Krabbé); writing gay story writers to give stories to Vlissingen, gay, alcoholic and a bit crazy. There she meets the attractive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) and takes her home, who finds her beautiful image of one of her lovers, and knows she'll meet her, even though she dies. <br /> </ p> <p> Paul Verhoeven rotates many truths on a regular basis in this film, which assures you that you never know where you are with you. They may seem like a lot of appearances in Fourth Man, but they can be easily understood as something else, and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats, as well as the film's work as a narrative. what's going on Paul Verhoeven, the filmmaker, does not have to stop himself, and that's what he likes. This movie has a stunning scene and I feel bad sometimes (and this is not very often). I do not want to spoil it because it needs a surprising item ... but you'll see what you mean when you watch the movie (make sure you get a rough version!). Other macabre scenes are also more shocking than I have mentioned, but it is beautiful though; A man is lying by the lions, another has a channel that sends his skull, a ship half-broken ... beautiful. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The fourth man is not writing anything. , but it is very good. Jeroen Krabbé maintains the attention of the audience and participates as a drunken writer. Renée Soutendijk is the one who loves most, as a femme fatale in the middle of the story. Sharon Stone, nine years later, imitated Basic Instinct with his performance, but was the best original fatal. Paul Verhoeven's directors are very strong, directing our attention from multiple perspectives that help create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has continued to do some garbage, but, of course, he is talented and shameful not to use it better. I have seen all Verhoeven films, this is the best and although it can be difficult to find; Believe it, the effort is worth it.
