A film that tears you with sadness and tears is considered a step in the path of the ordinary filmmaker. In fact, Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest storyteller, has been working on many films for many years. THE COLOR PURPLE, then, was dangerous, especially after classical actions such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF LOST ARK. Well, this movie is not surprising, because Spielberg was delighted and saddened by E.T. Critics called the COLOR PURPLE to access the intellectual fee. The entry is quite good. There is no special effect, it's not horny, a great story based on Alice Walker's classic literary work. It is a surprise that Spielberg could present a moving film about Africa and the Americas in the deep south. Slavery has disappeared, but depicted here in the south seems that blacks use blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielbergen always likes to add his images to feelings or add a childhood element to the audience. This is really the first sightings of strangers in his career. People who see a line in the first movie did not see them because they are not foreigners. The solar emperor, ALWAYS, SCHINDLER'S LIST, etc. His incredible talent is evident with this specific picture, especially A), for the first time, for the first time, the actors, B) felt that it treats the most dealt with on the screen. C) is a drama, without a string, where the characters grow and change more than just over 30 years. It is almost similar to the look and scope, and it has not received a single Academy of 11 candidates, it is a terrible insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is wonderful as Celie is tortured. An invading woman will give a shy wife Danny Glover to an exaggeration, only known as "Mister". While the film performs with "Mister", it continues an occasional blow and mental torture. The PG-13 movie is quite open about Walker's sexual problems. This is not "Burning Bed" Georgia in any way. As expected, there was no clear revenge. Okay Goldberg perfectly adapts man to someone who needs love and deserves it. The worst and most crunching moment in the movie takes place, Goldberg and his sister, separated by Nettie (Akusua Busiar), forever. (Is it possible to predict the distinction between the child and the parents of the Holocaust?) If you do not move this sequence, you might need to check a pulse. <br /> <br /> The purple color depends on them and the beauty of the gardens. the poor It really is something to live, but love surpasses victory. Spielberg Bashers warns: the guy can make an unforgettable class without a beautiful foreigner. <br /> <br /> Rating: 10/10
