ROUEN PRIZES AND THE "VILLA PARANOIA" TRIBUNA: The favorite film of the general public, which is truly the most important jury award winner, was Erik Clausen's "Villa Paranoia" dramatic comedy, which was selected by the European Youth Jury. The tendency towards filmmakers of all ages. The next day Claus's acting director went to a remote village in the village of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for the festival of the new European cinema. He received three more "Villa Paranoia" awards - Best Film, Professional Jury; Best Film, Audience Award; and the best film of a young jury for "lycéens" for young people. Five awards at one weekend - nothing bad for a movie from a small country with unknown actors. On the other hand, he has been awarded the "Villa" Grand Prix, MAVERICK SPIRIT AIRDIA, in San Jose, California, a week ago, by the famous British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), winning six awards. one week. If Lars van Trier has put Denmark's oddball movie Dogma Cinematic in recent years, now it's a good choice for old Maverick Erik Claus (62) and his good acting actors will soon show Denmark a great deal to offer than dogmatic dogs, that is, youngsters and older than targeted massive audiences. In addition, the main protagonist of the film Sonja Richter has the presence of magical screen, with a bit of an exhibition that will become an international Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film written, directed and directed by Clausen, and uses several types of "The Imaginal Invalid" by Moliere. Anna (Richter), a young actress, has lost a deeply entertaining role in Molier's plays, and is absolutely stupid to become a commercial television commercial chicken. However, offering a large chicken farmhouse that houses Jorgen (Clausen), Walentin is able to work with room and group with his horrible father, senile, wheelchair, Walentin. He committed suicide a few years earlier. Anna is finally the only one who finds a way to communicate with old silent pride - and it also seems that they are red and flush in those years - "Malade Imaginaire" is a living. This plays the greatest role of his life, in order to discover the dark secret that Walentine's life and reality have taken to retreat. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", partially derived from the Moliere tradition, has dramatic, dramatic, series-decomposed serial, multi-layer layers, something that everyone has and needs to get the right attitude in general. international outreach is rich. Alex Deleon, Paris / MARCH 2005
