The Drug Year is really one of those aspects that is subjected to television series in mini-series or other television documentaries for two weeks. Actually, it's not long enough. Over the decades, all the important foundations are covered, and all of them are interesting from the perspective of postmodern history and from different aspects. But it is hardly covered or, at least, covered once more than once when it is worth more time. For example, the information and details on the entire process and the third part of the business are very well presented (in large part, marijuana, then cocaine) information, but there are more details to be asked about how much it was to cover the times. <br /> <br /> In general, the documentary clearly shows how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, high school classes and lower classes and neighborhoods have felt that they have seen a series of pharmaceutical medications. Over the years, and all interaction was very evident. There is no one in the film, except for having small tips for pot, it protects drugs free of charge, but it is shown that something fun is about honesty and then it is tragic about taking drugs. . The appearance of a few strange and sterile drug officials has diminished at some points, in a general view of drug corpusions and in a global American connection; It's actually done twice a couple of times. One of the interviewees. The only way to really approach the problem of drugs is not "say no", because the war on drugs has shown that it is not as effective as thinking. It's really just reinforcing on all sides about those drugs and those that can be hypocritical (for example, oxycontin continues on the market). <br /> <br /> Is Ken Burns the great interest and depth of documentary? No, but those who watch summer television for kids (ie, my age) will see a lot of history in the past, even though they have not been one or more generations now. A few decades later, on the great summits, in the days of negligence, it spread over many years and the disillusionment that the same media announced. There is a documentary that can be particularly favorable, but it is not entirely false, but it is quite different in terms of social, political and entertainment conditions in the context of drug mixing (better or less obvious). wonderful view
