It is an excellent film capable of using a highly sensitive subject. Anne Reid, who is known for the first time in the UK on a TV show called "Dinnerladies" (the Victoria Wood company asking for a series of culinary professionals, looks like May, a late performance. In the seventies, a mother who is talking about two-year-olds in a London neighborhood. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) died when he visited the male of these last species (Bobby), and the couple watches Bobby and his family greet each other. Maula's daughter's daughter lives near Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw), and the relationship between May and Paula is closer to the beginning. Thus, when he decides to return to London in May, he can not live in his house and is able to stay in Paul's house and enjoy the benefits of Paula's children. <br /> <br /> It's in the sights of May. Bobby's house with Darren, Bobby's mid-30s friend, who works to stretch his home. It's about to present so much of the British mainstream film in May, and it does not start with Darren (Daniel Craig *) and at least from the beginning it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least I have seen: the difference in the list of IMDb suggests the existence of other versions), and the physical problem is managed directly, but it is not exploited. The relationship between the daughter of May and his daughter has been portrayed, which has recently become a "therapy and self-exploration", announcing that the mummy was more than ever. She is also a lover of Paula Darren, and she finds the explicit but bad drawings of May Darren and May, but they diminish dramatically but in a controlled way. Perhaps in an English movie she will only announce that her daughter has a mother to her mother, she will ask herself to ask herself to stand up and adorn it properly. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it is being drawn in May in May. Enter Paula's writings, a decent but older member (innate generation) in a putative relationship. The following involuntary conversation and the relationship between Darren's is clear; At that moment, Mayo begins to support Paula, and Darren's worm spins (she shows cocaine after her money, but not at all, but for a walk). Therefore, May turns their children's needs into useless, and eventually returns home (but later leaves the aircraft for new birds). The film's strength is that it's really awesome but nice. the nature of the contemporary relationship between parents and brothers; In it, the agitation can survive only when the parent feels that he cares for them. This is not new, but the open sex portrait of the 60s is pretty good. The darkness of the film's content, along with Hanif Kureish's script, contrasts with the way it is (it seems like a summer), and the general mood is exemplary - it may easily be another piece. Set in a rainy and rainy England. In the end, maybe it's written, we do not know where it will go or how long it has been - perhaps the thought that Shirley Valentine's pension is certainly not Picasso. Anne Reid, however, is an excellent actor, surely changing professional life forever. As in Torn Curtain like Julie Andrews (as Paul Newman said), "There's a good picture of your Mary Poppins (read Dinnerladies). <br /> <br /> * Yes: he announced in October 2005 James Due to the new Bond.
