It is difficult to imagine a director who is just as bad as a director, Notting Hill, to imagine something that is as attractive and appealing as this, but well, here's a pretty compelling proof. They have cited a number of television drama, but Play for Today has been playing for seventy years, but it's always a cut, especially for Anne Reid's relatively superlative performance and shaded boxes. Topical nose without ever reaching out, maybe at the end. (I did not like the cancellation of the passage of the greetings due to the cancellation of the passage, nor the usual last-minute scene: it was satisfying to work harder than I expected. Slippers, the business OTT was a bit too much about reflection. <br /> <br /> I mean to avoid clichés: well, I had hoped that the daughter of May's "mature" daughter would prefer her daughter. It is necessary to throw it into two dimensions as an ancestral agitation disorder, pointing to a more attractive contrast with a young attractive young man. Instead, we're getting a very unexpected, gentle, and very stupid man, but a woman has no idea of ​​entertaining, I started to sit down and pay attention to that. There was a script here, some actors breathed and something to make them interesting, in that sense Mike Leigh (the latter, that is, removing artificial catharses that are incomprehensible a). <br /> <br /> And, of course, I was the one who most likely surprised Anne Reid with her character and what she did. his body He is not for the first time "a repressed housewife who knows himself", that is, because of the nature we are so much simpler. There are more and more references for being a "bad housewife", not to mention that tray, to try to see it beautiful and pleasant, and only when it looks badly. She has accused her daughter of "sitting in front of the TV day," despite her supposedly obligatory mother's duties: she did not respond. She was never the model and mother of her wife, at least not herself, that is, creating a lot of punishment, that someone who tries to meet a never-lost task has lost meaning.
