A short novelist / philosopher 1971 began in 1971, as a writer and philosopher, Bernard Malamund, who died today, analyzing the conflicts between Brooklyn Jews and African Americans. As a novel, the story was a real story: David Diamond and Danny Green, the script for beginners, is a brain teaser that is gradually developing in recent times. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novel, a book on his belt but is now trying to write his 'most recent' book after ten years. He was convinced he was supposed to complete the novel at the beginning. Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel) is a condemned Brooklyn temple, which constantly tries to "lease" Harry's rent to demolish dirty and dirty buildings. Behind this background, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg) enters an almost anti-Semitic militant black writer, who hides Harry friends and helps supporters about writing about the death of white people. Harry tries to try to cause conflict, Harry with Willie's girlfriend, Irene Bell, a white Jew (Rose Byrne), a friendly encounter at Willie's brothers and sisters in a militant black man. Willie and Irene are roller skates, and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and leaves New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie listens to the assignment and when Harry criticizes it more, Willie explodes and not only a delicate friendship, but the competition between writers also begins to decline. At the end, it reveals 'slippery human condition and personal violence and dissolution'. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The actors are doing their best, with a bit of a bad script, but with lines that write scripts, they create unbelievable preaching characters. It improves the cinematic story, maintains humor and strength, and, above all, it is limited to the condemned building. Partial music uses the jazz solo trumpet and blues piano in a correct way to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these basic characters. By brain revolution, you have to be patient, but in the end the movie is being watched. At least he wants to rebuild Malamud's strange life in the big city. Grady Harpa
