Jack Nicholson's first feature-length feature, Drive, He Said shows at least that he's an actress director. Although the story looks to the viewers (and they seem to lose a modern viewer, they will appear again in eBay, if they think it would be easier than they think), the movies are livelier. , interesting characterizations. The film talks about two college children: the protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, what solution does he limit), a star of Leopards, the college basketball team he considered. While he is a trainer (Bruce Dern) and he is confused with his girlfriend (Karen Black), he is not Gabriel (Michael Margotta), another baby. Gabriel, apparently, is a bit more than a great opportunity to write, so he can not escape the radical situation with himself. While Hector tries to listen to his reputation and find a balance between those who love him, Gabriel overcomes the threshold of observance. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, in the technical aspect of things, shows a wonderful editor style. During scenes of basketball, things and darkness often impersonate other scenes in every documentary. And Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (Chinatown writer, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible, among others, rarely act) compiled some compelling actors. Tepper's tendency to lessen emotions. In some scenes, for instance, when it could be extremely sarcastic, it does not seem worthwhile. Margotta, on the other hand, has a hard and crunchy force in her performance, and when it comes down, it's terrifying, but perhaps an understandable time (and what's up). Dern stole most of his scene, by the way, was nominated for an Oscar for a performance. All lines of his dialogue are true, true, and never seen in the last performances of the coach's film. <br /> <br /> But the downfall of the movie does not mean that the elements that involve the characters are no longer wanted. The movie is based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, I wrote the script with Nicholson and I expected it to be longer than the novel. It is a thin volume, full of information, time, sport, and feelings about generations. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and they rarely show what motivates them (protests against war do not fit, their part is understandable). Gabriel is going on in Vietnam, but what's in it? Hector is also a man of horrific drawing at the NBA, and he still loves to play, but what's up? This whole atmosphere is brilliant at the end of the 60's, as it was a basketball / basketball experience, but this passionate quality, that is, creating some conveniences, is kept at a point that is far away. Generally speaking, the effect of the movie is generally sour and it's memorable for its best points, and it's not the smallest. And, surely, you can say in the direction behind the lens. B +
