This is an amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, Rohmer has literally inserted his life-style actors into painted backgrounds. It works most of the time, especially in the beginning, like the movie pop up story. Few is a success in a few scenes, where the camera angle is limited (for example, the part of some of the buildings are painted), but it is very interesting that it is about shooting a historical film about our own disapproval. limited views of historical history. D'Orleon's Missoula's Duke is told through the memoirs of Grace Elliott. Therefore, Marxist historians, especially in France, claim their own events from a perspective of a foreign aristocratic woman. Inevitably, a different perspective is created; Therefore, it can not be an objective representation. The use of the device of the memory has the quality of the film. Personally, I found the story of King's death more interesting. A Royal Reverence is shocked when the Duke is in favor of the death of the King (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is helpful in conversing with Grace and Duc here, Louis was a cousin and he was elected to the Assembly, where he chose the Assembly. He changed the equity, a masterful filming of Louis's death, where Grace and his maid are in Meudon in Paris, watching from a hill with a telescope. We can not see anything except listening to the maid's comments, such as Grace, a dramatic incident on the screen. It is a vision of an aristocrat, and any justification of the death of Louis is literally beyond his vision, making cinema a powerful and intelligent one. The love stories of Duk and Grace have never been said, and it is very moving (Duc sometimes foolishly It looks like nothing, what he sees he? He has not had any flavor). The tastes of the dangers of temporary human beings like a revolution (they are just enough to be suspicious) are illustrated as Grace falls back on their lives, every day their home is gathered. food and not able to dress herself! If you are interested in a good and upbeat movie, to tell an old story about the use of new technologies or to represent the most important moment in Europe's history in an European aristocratic woman, her most recent outlook. it's worth your time. Place is a bit slow, but your patience is rewarded.
