Based on the original Japanese name of LAPUTA (director Hayao Miyazaki being an offensive phrase that was not at that time), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third leading film of the entertainer and loves all his time. At the start-up box in 1986, critics and audiences from all over the world took part. Inspired by "Gulliver's Travels" by Jonathan Swift, CASTLE IN THE SKY is Steampunk's theme adventure story about two young orphans - the young Pazu minster and the mysterious Sheeta girl (wearing a magic crystal around her neck). Laputa is finding a long island lost, that is, rich in wealth and gems. Powerful Dola (the first one behind, still true allies) is accompanied by a terrifying and friendly air pirate targeted by Musca, Musca, the government that is the most infuriated secret agent. The power of laziness for his sake. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is a great opportunity, offering humor, exploration, wonder and mystery. keep interest Although the work of art is not as spectacular as in some of the following films in Miyazaki, it is very beautiful and beautiful to see imaginary characters and locations, to see scenes with exciting action and breath-taking seclusions. And those who are not the characters that fill this story are complicated, apart from the works of Miyazaki, each one has a memorable and attractive personality. Dola, in particular, makes a great comic character, shouting in his dark children's orders and for a moment being a protector of Sheeta. Muska is one of the only Miyazaki creative creations that has never been found, but like Dola, she is guided by a wicked and fascinating charismatic and scrollable scene. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often have this movie compared to Gainax's NADIA science fiction adventure series: URA URDIKO SECRET. After all, both works have a similar story and similar characters ... without mentioning those that Mikyazaki himself created. Both are different in their execution. NADIA, though most of the time is charming, had to go round in the middle of the game, despite the fact that it was not the main plot with the cartoonist's nonsense, though it was still strong. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, keeps it consistently entertaining and is aimed at a two-hour running of the bulls, which is why it is better. While the epic tone of the movie sometimes breaks some of the "cartoon" at some moments, like a battle between the chief of the Peace and the Dola, it never takes away the movie. <br /> <br /> Eleven years ago, a few years ago, Disney released an English version, including James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and Tress Some appearances by some veterans such as MacNeille and Jim Cummings. Joe Hisaishi is also an excellent musical music for the Seattle Music Orchestra (which is very interesting, the man behind this version is not the same as the composer). The Purists blasphemed blasphemy about this version for some of their extra interviews and for the aforementioned version, Miyazaki had no problem; He has confirmed that the applause of the applause has been said to be a good reason, the review of the music is really the star of the new dub. In some cases, despite the fact that some of the silent scenes of Japanese originality are considered to be a bit crazy (especially, a trip through a cloud of dragon insects), the overall upgrade is fantastic and in many ways improves the original's improvement, especially in scenes such as a robot Attacks a fortress and the climax ends. Here, Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and genius with music-like images. <br /> <br /> With regard to live performances, laptops are probably at the short end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu is much older than his character, who speaks sometimes with Anna Paquin's Sheeta (which really works for the character). That said, they both do good work in general and they provide a quite credible chemistry. However, it is a lively retreat, but this is really fun, especially Cloris Leachman's Dola and Mark Hamill's Muska. Both of them perfectly throw and steal each scene; With the release, these two really duplicate Disney dub. The adaptation of the script is limited to the loose sometimes - there are additional lines and / or comments (some of which are priceless and amusing), but at least a questionable change (Sheeta's "world can not live without love", the original " you can not be beyond the limits of the Mother of the Earth ", character, story and general spirits continue to be fairly original. In general, there is little point in comparing the Disney version with the original language, each one puts its stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I like both. (There are also better Streamline / JAL literally but more frightening robots, lives, abysmally played and poorly written dub ones older than the 1980s, do not think anyone in this version "Diskins" says superior - trust me, the opposite is true.) < <br /> <br /> Anyway, however, you can not go wrong at CASTLE IN THE SKY. Miyaz It's the tallest of aki and I recommend.
