Hayao Miyazaki's second feature, and the first and most critically acclaimed commercial and critically acclaimed (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is the best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the sky " It seems to be a simplistic comparison with the latest masterpieces such as "Kiki's Delivery Service", "Mononoke-hime" and "Spirited Away", but it was one of the milestones of its era in 1986. anime. It's important to be in 'Castle in the Sky' for two years It was recalled earlier that it was done before the 'Akira' revolutionary, and although it is not provocative or controversial as the previously mentioned masterpiece, the protagonists are basically the basic manga hero / heroin / criminals, and the story is very predictable and obvious (currently at least according to standards) The designs and animations of Miyazaki have never been seen, although the story and humor are somewhat stupid and sometimes obsolete. It's striking and very enjoyable - even if it's not as amazing as 'Spirited Away'. And if you leave the frames to see their beauty and discard low-budget color and animation and the two faces that are the same - this time Miyazaki follows the roots of his roots and the standard consensus of the Japanese drawing. You will see the brilliant genius of Miyazaki, like 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. Although "Castle in the Sky" is a science-fiction adventure and is very suitable for children, it is suited to classical anime rather than everything else, its motives and principles still show and participate. Saying a lot more would be a deterioration of the movie, so I gladly close it. It's enough to say that I only give nine stars, because if they can give them ten times, I can not go to a movie called 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As much as in anime movies, I recommend that you see the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not even mention a Japanese word - English overdubs are just not very good, and in this case it's awful. Perhaps you could see it once in English, only laughter and a full-blown cast (English dub was recorded after the success of "Spirited Away", as it was in the case of Kiki's Delivery Service.) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, Dawson fonts!) Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker 'Star Wars', if you do not know!) Fulfill roles. He plays evil and other roles. Andy Dick, Three MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck Kevin Costner's pardon of Robin Hood) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) laugh, or really laugh. But see the Japanese first.
