It is always difficult to put any movie stamp "best", of all times, of a particular genre or whatever, but I think that a strong argument can be made that Laputa is the biggest animated film. never done In my opinion, Hayao Miyazaki's main masterpiece is one of the greatest talented animation directors in Japan, and consolidates its strengths, as well as its favorite themes, as its director, accountant and designer. The revised version is a 2003 American double (I know that a core-hard anime fan can not see in his native language); There is at least one other language in VHS (I do not know what source), and this version is the only one I've ever encountered with any movie. But I thought about focusing people really can find it. <br /> <br /> Purua tells the story of a boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek's voices here), when he grows up in a mining village, a young girl, Sheeta (Anna Paquin), literally descends from the sky. It seems that Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), a malicious agent, is interested in a magic crystal that hangs around his neck. To get things alive, after the glass, after the old Dola (Cloris Leachman), it's a fun pirate group. The plot has a crystal-clear ability to showcase the location of this stunning city, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and a hidden treasure. Everything is consistent with the implementation of a fairytale story, but Miyazaki knows exactly where the story arrives, and the plot is covered with "gosh-wow" moments and warns of his habitual moral and abusive power of nature. . <br /> <br /> Laputa's design, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Multiple flying machines are numerous, impossible, but so rigorously designed, without flashing immediately. The world XX. It is located at the beginning of the century, with telegraphs and an old automobile, next to these marvelous machine guns. But the city itself is shining; Eden is a garden, and a heavenly fire, and he places his appeals, his power and danger at his side. <br /> <br /> Apart from being thoughtful and designed, Laputa is blessed. with a wonderful sense of cinematography. It was immersed in ships that were immersed in clouds, from high-plane planes to small-speed trips, most of Laputa's films show the scope? also with CGI magic? he can only dream. Although we see a small part of this world, it goes beyond the borders of its simple elegance and we do not believe in any problems. The movies also make up my favorite sequential sequence, but not the most exciting, ever: the robot guard that fell on the ground suddenly revives and creates a ruin in the fortress that is on it (Sheeta (who was), who woke up). In the meantime, Pazu and pirates penetrate their small machine wings, literally capturing them from the sun's destruction. With a terrifying vision of the superb second generation of the robot that frightens the countryside, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of time and camera, and he knows how far the audience is. <br /> <br /> That helps Laputa with a wonderful score. Composer Joe Hisaishi shows the beauty of this world, captivates innocence, exciting action, and the other rugged world of the flying city and strange patrons of his robot. Although it was recorded for this DVD version (the IMO does not improve the original partition), adding pieces here and here, coincides with random punctuation, a strange unity of sound and vision. <br /> </ div> This is not a bad dub. I like the older English dub, and this explains it in a tiny way, but there were almost incidents with those voices that (and the Japanese ones were quite well-known). Dola is particularly difficult, but Leachman fights the pirate with a passionate woman (her sons are not as good as their originals). Paquin Sheeta works well, and while Mark Hamille realizes I was initially, Muska's talent is more than enough (some of Muska's music was a bit like English, but Hamill is good). A large part of the film is based on the Peace Shroud, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. I had heard that I had to have access to other English dubs, because VDB is very well connected to the original Pazu. After seeing the double again, for reasons of explosion between oats, as I love this movie, I do not think much about this anglicized version you are making. Pixar presents John Lassiter, and as much as my suspicions, they have tried to ensure that they love so much that they love so much. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful in America in recent years, with Spirited Away and Mononoke (I did not care a short film), but Laputa is still a correspondent for me. Anyone who knows later will probably enjoy this earlier work, and once again, this film is a masterpiece of its highest form by clicking on all cylinders. I would pay a lot of money to see this on the big screen; Although this may not happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been saved on the DVD.
