Now, probably, Miyazaki's Laputa: You heard the double of the new Castle In The Sky. At the end of summer 1998, Disney released the "Kiki's Delivery Service" video saying "1999" was leaving. It's definitely the year this year, but the dub is over. And it is not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", "Castle In The Sky" for dub only, Laputa is not so much a word in Spanish (although Laputa's word is used for many times dub). Surely, you've heard this famous composer Joe Hisaishi from all over the world to revive the music with the new style of music. Laputa After leaving Totoro in my neighborhood and performing at Nausicaa Wind Fire, Studio Ghibli began and success was a long string. And I think it's one of the two best films of Miyazaki, immersed in this two-hour and four-minute quintet. Lap: Castle in the Sky is a movie of all ages and I ask everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> The castle does not know the Sky's story, it starts early and it does not stop. in the next two hours. The storyteller is very perfect and masterly worked, you see the true view of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, with a past girlfriend. The war government is arrested. Sheeta has the key to Laputa, the sky castle and a long civilization. Many of Laputa's keys, that is, are looking for government, military and aeronautic pirates, Dola Cuadrilla (Sheeta and Pazu later friends). Soon the pirates attacked the ship and fled during the raid. It falls to a thousand feet, but it is a gentle fall and its pendant. As he floats down from the sky, Paza, the orphanage worker working in the mines, sees Sheeta and catches him. Both are fast-paced, but thanks to its hangman, both catches are caught up in a stroll through the Dola team and the government is trying to capture Sheeta. After each sequence of actions, we learn all the motivations and identities of the character, as we will be encouraged by emotional action and action vowels, I would surely like it with fantastic animation and wonderful conversation. More surprising I think this movie is not very remarkable and it keeps two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful, when Hayao Miyazaki's animation is unlimited. Film setting is a combination of many periods of time. It seems that happened at the end of 1800, but it is an alternative universe of advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also amazing in a fun movie. The film has a lot of fun moments that are the same as the drama and action that the movies are playing. I think that the chief of the peoples is a fun scene to fight a pirate, and soon after breaking an incident. It's fun to see that man is comparing his strength and music is well suited. <br /> <br /> Now, let's talk about how we can rate rates. An excellent cast gives great performances to live these characters. Teen Heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, a Japanese version with a much older voice, similar to the original child. In any case, I think that his voice conforms to Pazu. Anna Paquin, winner of the Oscar for "Piano", plays Sheeta. This is a nice play, but the voice is different, but it does not remain with an accent. Sometimes it's just as appetizing as the apple pie, but sometimes it's like someone in New Zealand. The most enjoyable performance was Coris Leachman, and he played Mama Dola. This is not only an excellent performance but also a voice and emotion that gives the character. It was always that if Laputa was a direct movie (G-d banned), it would be playable, just imagine it in the role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill, is Muska, and this is another excellent Hamill rate. You can get acquainted with Hamill with his long voicemail after Star Wars's original movies, but Muska does all the wrongdoing. His voice is like the usual voice and mix of Joker, which Batman series has played in many animated episodes. More than just throwing it up, Jim Cummings is a voice character; Overall, great work and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin are as members of the Dola Gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me give you a unique twist on what I'm talking about, Joe Hisaishi's music renewed! For those who have never heard, Mr. Hisaishi plays music and, like all Miyazaki films, music is very memorable. Each of his scores has their own characters, which fit into a specific movie. Nowadays, these new modifications made are "similar Americans", and I think the purpose of new recordings. Do not worry, the classics of the Japanese version tunes are still in good shape. The sounds like this score are a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. The prologue of the film, which we entered into the air during the first seconds, has a new music (I do not know, but there was no music for the first time we saw them on ships). Most music offers new backgrounds and enjoyment. Things look pretty cool. In a powerful scene, music is more powerful in original versions. The scene is quieter. In general, I think that many of you will be happy with the new arrangements, I am myself, and I personally believe that it helps to improve the movie. I prefer a newer score over the old one, and I hope that Disney will release the music rights or give it a full licensed soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of the double story is a loyal and much more. Japanese original lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure some lines have changed, and in the same way, the lines have changed. But the majority is close or, specifically, wrote a conversation with Miyazaki. I was afraid of dying some great lines, but they were there in full. New lines that help support. But I do not know if that is a good or bad thing, Disney did not return the final song, it was Japanese. When I made the songs of Kiki Dub, I fell the fall, but this version is the original song ... Japanese. So it's good that it's still original, but most people who see this bad joke speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a duplicate side with that dub and the voices match. lips of the character Undoubtedly, it will not be perfect, but I think it's a much better match for Kiki and Mononoke lines (and Disney has had more time with this ...). In a while, everything goes well, sometimes it does not match, and in a strange case, someone says something and the lips are not moving (a scene is the Sheeta chuckles and his mouth is not moving. Move a bit). <br /> <br /> Considering the things about the film, these are my thoughts. Laputa's most amazing part was the animation. To end the opening sequence, the animation is so strict and accurate, you just need to watch it. You see the true nature of each character, with true detail on the face with an extreme approach and action. You have to give a ton of credit to the animators who have made this effort. Everything is very well made and hand-drawn; art is like moving. And think, this was made in the mid-1980s. The animation is very different from Disney, Ghibli is very different, but very good. In all these years, colors are always as vibrant. Laputa has a series of action sequences, many airplane cats and some on land. These sequences are so good and so interesting, and it is terrifying that they are similar to a great budget action movie. And the end is just something you need to see. Sound effects are pure and classic explosions, shooter gun and everything else. And like all Miyazaki films, each one is based on a different theme (for example, Kiki: Confidence). This has a great lesson about riches and power. People do not realize how hungry it can take, and how too much power is not good. People are obsessed with great power and are keen, and Muska main, this shows a lot. <br /> <br /> In the end, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie and it's now. Mostly improved. I am glad to see one of the main audiences in this glorious movie show in every glory. With a great voice played with the great Joe Hisaishi music score, Disney has made a brilliant job and is very decent. Despite the fact that Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney think they're in the mouth, Castle In The Sky is still a brilliant dub and it's worth a lot of delay because it can last a fantastic movie.
