Without a personal opinion, which Walerian Borowczyk may have, in 1975, beautiful and beautiful grotesque jewelry, it must be acknowledged that this strange jewelery is a cinematic experience. Borowczyk's forgotten fairy tale was for a long time banned in several countries, and it is very clear why the strange controversy was a victim of the noisy cinema zombies. "La bête" is a wonderful blend of fairytales, a beautiful mix of atmospheres, a very explicit eroticism and a real curiosity that does not compromise. The main theme of the film is one of the main themes of the film, he certainly did not help with the censors, but he was controversial and so popular with a broader audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of an aristocratic French family, is the son of Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti), who has managed to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young daughter of a wealthy English family beautiful. The uncle of Mathurin (Marcel Dalió) is old because of the curse. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French house, immediately after Romyk (Sirpa Lane) XVIII. A portrait of the ancestor's ancestor and the old book shows some bizarre drawings. The story soon dropped into a sex-fever-dream ... without leaving too much, I can say that the movie fans do not take into account that this movie is missing. It's just as curious as "La bête", without a doubt, beautiful style, setting and cinematic graphics. It is within the dreams of fever-dream environment. The forest real estate and the immense mansion of the family are excellent settings, and beautiful scenery and incredible cinematography create a welcoming atmosphere for this grotesque story. Explicit sexual sex is erotic (a feminine nudity, fascinating actors) dancing constantly, seriously and rigorously, and even more nervous (there is a reflection on horse genitals in conversation ...); In both cases it will not be forgotten to forget. The performance of "La Bête" is wonderful, and everyone who plays a part in it offers some great performances (some of them are very serious). The film gets a beautiful exception, won by Lisbeth Hummel, the actor Sirpa Lane (unfortunately aided in 1999) as the ancestor of the drama sequence, or Pascale Rivault, a rather unknown but particularly fascinated actress. He plays an aristocratic daughter who tries to sex with a black sex wardrobe. <br /> <br /> I do not necessarily have to give you a full description of the most important parts of the plot. what should be believed Some scenes are among the most curious captured in the movie, the scene of the 'beast' of the same name, among them. No doubt, no one tea cup, but highly recommended for controversial cinema and unforgettable lovers. A strange worship!
