Walerian Borowczyk The Polish film La Bête, in 1975, The Beast, is one of the most controversial and polemical films ever performed. This film, in general, is hidden and denied about our nature and our sexuality, especially the symbolism and silence of their images. Images may be wild, evil, "ill" or exciting, but they are compared to those mentioned above. Sex, desire and death are very strong and first things, and dominate all the flesh within the human soul. We are interested and tempted by force (and our nature) to be terrifying, something that is unacceptable and truthful. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated woman travels with her mother in a French countryside, her husband becomes instantly and has also had a letter. All are very exciting and the parents and relatives of each other are waiting patiently for new people to see. The innocence of the young bride shines and nobody knows what will happen and the great and beautiful mansion of France, with its humans and animals, is a mysterious "la bête" that awakens. The characters, most of the film audience, could not imagine that they were real and (in front) to be them. The film is about the same theme as David Cronenberg of the Canadian film Shivers (1975). , that is, the destructive and penetrating parasites that occur inside a huge luxury building, spread from human to human, thanks to sexual relations and the people furiously and violently act for the fulfillment of pleasures and instincts. Man has instincts that are more powerful and harder than his will, and that is why these instincts can be dangerous and powerful, the instincts of another animal, beast, blood, revenge, or sexuality and corporeal pleasure. Humans are only animals with intelligence and tools to transmit, but as animals, intelligence is not always abused, as we see anywhere in the world. The film opens a lot, and it is very surprising for most hypocritical attitudes, while the rage of eagerness is angry, while the race continues, but the careful lusts and eyes and movements are violent. The key elements of this initial and why there is an approach that is not so easy to claim. The horse is a beast that is struggling against an overwhelming heat, in a warmer moment than its will, because it has no control at this point. Instinct strength becomes an animal. <br /> <br /> After the start-up memoir, the characters will enter, and the fantasy film has as many innocent groups as innocent. and their flower, mature and oldest, all represent parts of their lives, creating the face of human life on the screen. The films do not necessarily require more characters, all of them are already in existence and represent the whole race, including urban and rural inhabitants and both sexes. The Palace wakes up the sexuality of the girl of the protagonist while she sees the horses couplings and, of course, never imagined them. For the first time, he sees something special and he sees something of enthusiasm and almost essential for him and his body, when you're thirsty for water. The transformation of the girl is a very important part of the film, since she does not know about it, with her mother and a camera and a friend of friends, even though she was waiting for things at that moment. Meat wants meat and that's just like human being, but are not these things so easy to use anywhere and have banned such films for decades? The stupidity and the desire to interpret the images does not prohibit or have an argument of the movie that has been torn apart. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film is just as important as the beginning, and they show once again how powerful a film is. without words and words. As the girl and the viewer finds out, as her body begins to feel and desire, the dream begins to emerge about a mysterious one that does not look like ourselves. . The drama of the dreams is the most direct and sincere attitude of the film that causes and debates the most controversial, and the images are so easy to judge "wicked" and "pornographic" without having to go deeper into it. We see the character reactions and thoughts behind. The images are exciting in their dreams and eventually dream of (more) dream of human nature, and Borowczyk must recognize us with images that are "normal" sexual action between a man and a woman. beautiful things and love statement, other human needs. Likewise, love and black humor among the love of the house between the house is interrupted, sometimes somebody screams for the civil servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young human beings. Hanging together and pausing with an angry cry is at least a pleasant break. Borowczyk has managed to paint his images so beautiful and "sensitive" that his ability to understand his message is almost impossible, but it seems impossible for our cultures and minds to criticize art. Only when conversation is needed; Otherwise, the images work and make them a powerful movie. <br /> <br /> Death is also there, when the flesh dies sooner or later, because of the years of life and instincts, it dies. The ending sequence is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could also be a dramatic and "undeniable" end. There is another element of the amazing cities that are looking out for the other black items that were looking for the city they were looking for! They visited the house of Truth, about us and about them. The film refers to eroticism, death and how both are always related to the nature of our flesh, which reminds me of the French writer Georges Bataille, the Story of the Eye. The book is well-written and fantastic, as well as this movie, and, of course, they both accused of "sharp" content and other superficial comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is very beautiful with sight. Raw sincerity, and nature and forest are not as bright and shining as in this film. The sun shines through the trees, and everywhere in human beings, and beauty is always there, but also the unhappiness that the inhabitants of the world make. All innocent white sheep, our rich, evil and horrible creatures, in our world, that is why our intellect never exceeds our ancient badges and other parts of our flocks, the other side of all human souls. . How much manages to keep the dark side and passive? The fulfillment of some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this intelligence and seeing the good and bad instincts, they may be happy to exploit them without violence and the deadly and destructive circle created by them. Human is not more than one animal with intelligence, some things that are better and better in the background make it easy to forget. Borowczyk's film is an unforgettable and intelligent task of magical cinema with magical cinema, and is also an example of what the filmmaker has achieved, expressed and given, as the only human being.
