Okay ... this is a curious thing ... Honestly, I can not tell you that BEAST's inland plots, that is, for the first 45 minutes or more I started not losing anything ... but wait. undoubtedly, "gathers" ... <br /> <br /> A French aristocratic forest on the floor brings about a monster by a French aristocratic bush on the day. Finally you will see "BEASA", which looks like a man dressed as a rat bear. The scene takes place with an aristocratic woman who walks through the forest, looking for lost sheep. The herd has died and the woman is afraid. BEASA explains, raging Chick and shooting 400 liters around him. Eventually, the peak begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast, which generates highly-sex scenes of sex simulation, including a stroke of erotic erotic masturbation, where woman blows up the beast while monsters will carry giant loads (yes, I have a crunchy foot fetish - ask me ....) ... All the films talk about the flashbacks and the long dialogues, which is usually boring. The shocking but endearing ending of this curious film ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a movie that I appreciate. The cinematography itself is very attractive, with sets, costumes and locations. Plots are a little drawn and it seems to be extremely serious at the end of a hilarious movie about a rusty ring. Tits, ass, and hairless in the 70's a French bush little bit to help the first half of the film to get dull. I should say honestly, there was no point in the graphic scenes that BEAST revealed to BEAST in every aspect of the girl, that the movie would be a veritable bore, that is, if you do not like flattering conversations and some horse-sex scenes (initially). She has a very personal personal scene on both horses, including the pulse and rumor of the female horse's vagina ... YUM!). But BEAST's sex scene is so strange and so refreshing as the rest of the movie, I say, it would be a true snoozer that makes up these scenes. I have to recommend all of those who have to watch it, BEAST rape really is there, and something like a witness. It is also recommended for sleaze fans of the 70s and 80s - this is very high. Look worth the look of the evil rat-lovers (like me) ... 8/10
