In my opinion, if you want to be a single movie, and unlike other films, I strongly recommend that you see the Beast. The film is a fantasy, erotic and fantasy story that focuses on a mythical "Beast", which can be said to travel between a French mansion and the wishes of subsequent women. The film is very courageous with its subject, which is to give credit. The topic of bestiality is a detailed taboo, and for good reason, I can add it; but it's a movie; straight and point. Like other movies that link to their center with taboo, Beast has been around and we used our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not do that and it is courageous in that regard. making such a movie will be open to any kind of criticism, but I think it's going forward, I think it's a big picture for the guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence of men with a short horse. This one opens the exclamation mark in the film and prepares the audience to some extent to the great power of eroticism. The scene that watches the beast with his wife is free and moving and many people have to be insulted (for that reason it was forbidden for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not Borowczyk's pure excuse for the viewer; This film defines it. As you say on the film; The only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Men and beasts have instincts, but only control men. Beast analyzes the difference between man and beast through sexuality; The beast appears in the fantasy sequence, it shows the control of human will and the beast will only see if the central nature of women is controlled. The film has strong themes for the "beauty and beast" of the story, and, in general, the story of lust is an amazing but not moral one. <br /> <br /> Many people criticize their scenes to make it look boring around the stunning sex scenes of the movie, but these scenes are the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we would not know the story and characters of the beast, and most importantly; The story of "beauty and beast" could not offer the audience a terrific conclusion, and that is a key element in the film; It would be really embarrassing. In addition, Borowczyk keeps them entertained by audiences, not beaten, but with dialogue and family-friendly characters, it is not visible on the home floor, which is why it contrasts. later, the incidents would not exist. <br /> <br /> Generally, Beast is an amazing movie. The subject is a portrait of a taboo and the shocking, portrayed way that all the films will not be guaranteed. However, if you can overcome the shock of the movie and embrace The Beast; What awaits this artwork is skillful and beautiful, anyone who wants to give a chance to this film will not lose it.
