Most people, when they think about expressionist movies, study German early and premature German sounds; Slow angles emphasized films that create light, dark, excessive performance and occasional surrealists to create dreams. atmosphere to be different from the traditional ways of cinema representation. The Germans were not accepting the only filmmakers that made the expressionist cinema (and the aforementioned features are not the conditions for expressionist cinema), they say it is Dodes'ka (DKD). The main example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, the DKD Kurosawa movie is slightly diverted, as it is unreal. However, DKD is not an excellent movie like Dreams and probably a Kurosaw image. Why? Mostly, I think they are colors. That is, I think the first color of Kurosaw's film, and man saturates with colorful films, creating a truly real reality in Japan today. At that time we are the skyscrapers of Tokyo's neon lights and bright lights; We are not used to a city that is colored with the brain. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a film of its own, as many characters live in a junkyard that resides in a spare universe. That's what I think, people outside of Tokyo, who left behind after World War II. The film also depicts one of Kurosaw's film-making films; here's a real feeling and true pathos (for example, when the father's father describes the dream house). John Ford's fascinating and samurai views make the film a man who knows better. Everyone had to know that Kurosawak had a movie and that this thought was on (Ikiru makes emotional resonance about this film). <br /> <br /> At last I will argue that the greatest achievement of Kurosaw is. His samurai movies, even though they are capable images, compared to Kobayashi's works (Hara-leire is the greatest and most intelligent samurai film committed to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are good films, but they are just good (and, in fact, I think the word is generous in terms of Hidden Fortress and Kagemushu). DKD is a great movie, as well as Ikiru. Akira was not a crown of jewels that show a single samurai horse. They showcase cinema and master art.
