If Akira Kurosawak had been mistaken for Dodes'ka, he worked with the collaboration of "four knights" (that is, three other Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted to achieve great success for successful collaboration, and instead, the group's leading cheese company Kurosawa, abstract dramatic art, delivered a humanist film, many characters of which were many characters in the lower dramas in the dark tragedies. However, he went on to study independently or a new study, but that is why he contributed to suicide in 1977 with other financial and creative tools. However, at the end. On that day, as an artist, Kurosawa did not stop listening to what she dramatically listened to with her drama: the force of the human spirit in adversity. It should not be overlooked that its background is more than jewelry, but it is not at all the fault of the Kurosaw. <br /> <br /> It absorbs Dodes'ka's material, but not in that way. He usually finds himself in the hands of the director, mainly because he is drawn instead of drawing the character. There are things that happen to these people, and it is the inclusion of the Kurosaw challenge in the whole. Although the character that begins in the picture, although surprisingly, despite the fact that it does not grow, is Rokkuchan, a man-of-the-century boy who is suffering from brain damage ("clickety-clack"), sometimes forbidding his mother . But then we go out: father and son, that is, eating at restaurant restaurants, and following the specific descriptions of the dream house; The oldest man looks like death, and we learn later that he has lost much more, including a woman who is with her; I am a shy and calm woman who cares for an adoptive woman (or uncle, I'm not sure), who rapes her; and with a constant face tick and big wives, who are dressed for the local community. <br /> <br /> There are few people around these characters, like two drunken keepers. turn around every night, as a clock, by placing large demands on their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) changing! And he is a motorbike vendor, with a quiet but curious relationship with a calm woman. And, of course, there is a group of gossiping ladies in the middle of the neighborhood, not everyone is nice to say something erotic about anyone. First of all, consider how Kurosawak has put this image on; It is a bit post-apocalyptic, it does not look at a specific time or place (ie until we see a couple of modern cars and the streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people are immersed in a tragic space, but they were built through dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa wants to dissolve the emotional ruins of the people, especially the empty eyes and the murderous men who bend over it clutching a scarf in silence with the woman. <br /> Sometimes, charm, as well as some laughter, must be with those people. With Rokkuchan (especially the heiress of Kurosaw in the street as a painter), or the silent silence with the tic on the face I also enjoyed. But while Kurosawa keeps the actors in their place while improvising their place, their camera's movements are still alive, wide-ranging, wide-ranging compositions and claustrophobic planes, painters' views and sometimes silent theater styling. . Sometimes these strange and tangible stories, although some of them (especially father and son) are sad, Kurosawas illuminates his film and designs the color scheme of Eastmancolor, one of his paintings. Lush, sprawling, sometimes poured over seams but always with a bit of control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; It's like what the abstract has got into the whole scene, things look like they look but are much darker below. A duplicate sword that is magnificent and brilliant, which allows the intonation of dreams, such as live drama. <br /> <br /> Toru Takemitsu (as well as Ran), and some great ones, scored the "Sweet Movie" score. Actors' performances, and some scenes that are unforgettable throughout the whole career, Dodes'ka is a small work of the director, but it's perfect in its terms, such as Kurosawa, such as Ikiru. and Red Beard has strong truths to human condition, without much feeling.
