Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together for two years. One of the greatest romantic films of all time is considered, and Olivier became an excellent movie star (and Oberon bestowed on him his best performance): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. This other film, made in England earlier. THE DIVORCE OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is Lawyer Everard Logan, a lawyer who is dynamic but also very misogene. One night a crowd came in for a hotel. It's a very foggy night (in the 1950s, a fog of white queen with a foggy moon that had a great "killer" in London), and people (having taken part in the hotel at a party) need a bed. Logan management can sleep one or two social womens in the room in his room, but he refuses them. But he has not told Merle Oberon with Leslie Steele. He gets the grandson of a Supreme Court judge in Logan's rooms, and he agrees that he does not need to go there, but his bed (he goes into the sofa, he is much more aware). <br /> <br /> The next morning they share breakfasts, and in the slightest, it is clear that Logan is a woman's mistrust that Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But Kittenishally refuses to say his name. She decides to find out more about her and she finds herself angry with her attitude. Meanwhile, a wealthy wealthy Logan (Ralph Richardson Lord Mere) is considered a potential customer. His wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) is just supposed to be an affair. In fact, Logan's lover's house Logan knows the hotel fog at night, he told his Ladyship. Logan (in a natural way) concludes that Lady Mere would make her mysterious roommate that night. I do not go into the plot, Leslie finally realizes what a mistake Logan has made, and decides to teach a woman's lesson. <br /> <br /> Scripts have a feeling. Wodehouse is a novel but lighter. Still, Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Seldenen (Oberon's grandfather) are great performances. The best materials also show what can make good cast. Check out a few minor scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, her coffee weakly complains to her lover / car, that is, she tells him correctly (each person's personals each year). Or if Olivier was to face a young writer at his office, it was certain that Lady Garai was two minutes earlier in the office, but Oberon and Barnes were left together, and the poor writer was a simple one. Or the servant of the hotel can not understand in the room of Olivier the tenant a man constantly changes a man to a woman. As I said, it's a little charming comedy - but it's really charming.
