Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> I know little about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, released in 1970 as a popular manga and created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is located in the Matsumoto's other famous spaces of the Star Wars universe: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In addition, they feature other characters of Harlock's space and manga (including Emeraldas Queen and Tochirô Oyama) in the GE999. GE999 was a successful manga and animated anime series that followed more than 100 episodes. It opened in 1978 A year later he was a movie for anime, that is, the series is not a sequel, but the main point of the story is a two-hour long movie. <br /> <br /> The story has been identified as Star Wars: it has become an opportunity to travel to the planet of different types of future. Future people can own mechanical bodies and can live hundreds of years, maybe forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young man, a brutal Count of Mecos, whose body is made entirely of mechanical pieces, and dies at Tetsurus's mother. TetsurÃ and revenge swears and is surely that this can only be a mechanical body. To achieve this, Planet Express 999 spacecraft travels to a remote planet. However, since Tetsurô comes from poverty, the money does not cost the ticket. Casuality coincides, Maetel encounters a beautiful young woman who resembles her dead mother. Maetel offers Tetsuró a ticket for travel assistance. That's why the trip starts? <br /> <br /> I saw the first movie in October, about six months ago and again yesterday. First of all, I think I ought to tell you about what I was worried about in this movie: it seems very fast. Then again, what can I expect again from two feature films that try to count 100 points over a 100-hour long series? In any case, the situations change rapidly and Tetsurô is confronted with other important characters in the other story, especially with a pure choice. I think those in charge have to leave something or have 30 minutes longer. <br /> <br /> However, there is no reason to argue that GE999 is a classic anime worthy of its place. The animation itself, Matsumoto's manga style is very faithful, impressive and accurate. After almost 30 years, the animation has not been "obsolete", but later the anime film is greatly embarrassed. Through the film, it's a nice music to hear the "old" days (all 70s). I have not heard of this dub in English in order to be able to comment on Japanese music. Voice actors give their characters life, Masako Nozawa (especially the voice of Goku, known as the whole Dragon Ball saga), Tetsuró, a young enthusiasm and young man, and Masako Ikeda Maetel is a guy. Helping characters are not shut up, but they have their own life, being a maid Claire is memorable. <br /> <br /> The story looks for those who are looking for entertainment for a couple of hours, and even trying to find more in-depth messages. GE999 adventure is a fun movie, but Tetsurô's trip can also be seen until baby is a teenager. The whole film is told from its point of view, so we are forced to feel what we feel. I think that many people can relate to Tetsurô, because, despite the fantastic elements, the character is very realistic: young, hot, bad and naive. We continue to see the differences between humans and machines and whether or not they want to see a mechanical body. Maetel, on the other hand, has a mysterious film, and when he finally reveals who and what he really is, he answers nothing. Maetel is a dream of a growing youngster, always close but at hand. <br /> <br /> Tetsurô and Maetel are a curious and beautiful relationship that still speaks and asks, and captivates them for decades. People argued that their relationship is between two friends, a mother, a son, or two potential lovers (many critics wake up as Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsuron has not yet reached puberty). Without being profound, I believe that the best term for describing it is "twin souls". There is no doubt that both feel devotion, caring and love, yet friendship, beyond family and lovers. If I think they would fill their relationships with one of these categories, it would get the whole movie and some of the characters. The ending scene, even if you knew what would happen, is still very memorable and memorable. <br /> <br /> Eventually, despite plots and scary scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 retains its place. Katsuhiro Otomo AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's classic anime GHOST (THE SHELL) (1995). Rintaro directs the work of Leiji Matsumoto in the series CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later Rinatro directed METROPOLIS (2001) with a wonderful look that challenges the inequality between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classical athlete to watch at least once every anime fan.
