This film is a small piece of miniature film by Sam Fuller, allowing Richard Widmark to show off his best and most powerful actress, Skip McCoy, as a small thief begins in the military secret. Picking Candy (Jean Peters) with a bag that brings together a beautiful pocket bag. Candy was doing what he was doing for his boyfriend (that is, "run"), working for "commissions". <br /> <br /> On the cover, there is a mystery about Candy's motifs and a great deal of Skip's movie. crazy ??? Actually, it seems that initially it seems to be "supposedly", that beer will lead to a shaky gesture on the face. But is the real question? What's up with Skip? What are its reasons, and why does Candy like so much? Why do we like (audiences) so much liked? Basically, filmmakers will create a "deadly man" that is striking in Widmark's character and its interpretation. As the male audience tells the length of a movie like "Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key," along with the main characters with a confident character or a pretty face, the filmmakers have created it here. A revolution similar to women viewers. Are the spots beautiful, and there is also charm for their young costumes? but first finds out about our first lady, steal it and then knock it on her face. Does the question finally become? Would you skip so little money to sell your country (the comments made to the police, "Like a little bunch of greetings?") Suspects us or just revenge his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I do not know that the film gives us a decisive answer in a way. <br /> <br /> Does Thelma Ritter's character deserve a special mention for the work? He has created a really bad character here. Fuller is not afraid to give a lot of "business"? The forms of physical objects that use the approach of the audience, especially the links used. Another example of "business" in Fuller would be the scene with Victor Perry (the actor who had seen more than one effect) with Candy's puzzles. <br /> <br /> The attention paid to Moe's emphasized leap "among the biggest robbery honors" in cinema. In fact, Skip has the same kind of ease and has a temporary relationship with the police, with the exception of the captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye). He loved the scene that he invited to be called by the police, and he offered beer to catch his cabin. Are they a real feel for this movie? Whether it's really "realistic" or not, whether it's a specific question. <br /> <br /> Say, I would say, this is a film of fundamental crime, showing the best and lasting attributes. Creation of the "black cinema" school. Planned plots break down colored characters (uniformly well-interpreted), and short films are cut by their unstoppable pace, and the final product is much more likely to be felt. So far, it's the best movie I've ever seen with Sam Fuller, and is it better for me to be named CEO? I found some of the things I tried to think of here, but it has finally failed in other films, such as "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor", very active and really crazy plays. What I saw so far is one of those favorite drawings? and Widmark was the talent I was tempted to (thanks to the amazing films I watched with him), Alan Ladd or Humphrey Boggart, although he certainly did not do a lot of classic movies.
