"Shock Corridor (1963)" It was my first full-length Samuel Fuller and I was impressed by the great director of the B-movie director and a great budget aesthetic, although the story itself was pure. "Pickup South Street (1953)" was released One before in Fuller's career, but, of course, a large-scale studio called Twentieth Century-Fox produced a larger budget, although still a little more naturalistic photography photography than Dassin's "The Night and City (1950)" and Unlike "Panic in the Streets (1950)" by Kazan, the author of Joe McDonald's filmmaker. In some scenes, Fuller reveals his camera so close to the actors' faces that he does not focus entirely on revealing thoughts, emotions, and facial functions With the slightest inflections (unexpectedly) tend to go towards melodrama, and with the suggestion of propaganda against the communist, "Pickup on South Street" black film industry Is it a bit harder when it gets the most successful in the memory of the settings? New York subterranean cape. <br /> <br /> Prisoner outside the prison captures McCoy (Richard Widmark) in a woman's purse caught by the woman in the subway (Jean Peters). They originally denounced it. Candy, the woman and her boyfriend, Joey (Richard Kiley), gave the secretary secret information to the Communists, and McKoy has accidentally recovered an important role in microfilm. Will MacGuffin return to the right authorities or offer it to the seller? If there's a mistake in 'South Street pickup', the story is designed to promote the anti-communist agenda only, from the Second World War to the loss of propaganda {Dwight Taylor, who also wrote the story 'The Thin Man Goes Home (1944),' single movie propaganda series'. Without any apparent reason, an identifiable character? as well as McCoy's generosity? In the end, it becomes the richness of the patriots, the transformation planned from the beginning. In traditional black cinema, the impromptu crime always gets its promotion, its sins have a rational punishment but, apparently, they have not served in their country; Abertzale clears the black slats. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, the actor who likes to play, feels pessimistically false, even though he is always wrong with this suggestion. than chews. The opening scene of the train is the best film, McCoy breathes and silences his victim's bag, reminding Bresson's 'Pickpocket (1959).' Thelma Ritter is a fabulous street woman who can afford to pay for information (though, of course, draws the Commies line). Jean Peters strongly sends this lady to pass the information on the other side, she plays almost unfamiliar. Fuller had thrown a bit of prostate's prostate thrown by the actor. However, Peters has to be a fruitful love with Widmark, which really reduces realistic attempts. Freedom after releasing "Pickup on South Street" FBI immediately condemned communist propaganda and condemned the Communist Party that it was the opposite. Go to the image.
