Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's leading directors. I'm not sure to be one of Hollywood's greatest craftsmen. However, he definitely found the best Hollywood professionals who were ready to go to Hollywood's own music. While working at Hollywood studios, he could take on a role, after adjusting the medium provided, he quickly and effectively turned his pieces better than its parts ... time and budget. It's the case of South Street pickup. The surface is one of the anti-Commie films of the fifties of Hollywood, patriotic resources, a hard hero and bad luck (and terrifying sweat). Fuller turns Hollywood's baggage bag into an exciting and exciting drama, off-kilter. The hero of Skip McCoy is three times a loser, soft and soft finger, which does not change its lines until the end. Hatred girl, Candy, has a virtue level, if you can easily overcome if you are in love with yourself. One of the most attractive characters of Moe Williams is a stoolie. In an unusual approach to Hollywood comedy, patriotic appeals fall; The hero is not motivating anything. He wants to recover the reason for personal taxation and now, at least ... it becomes a good man. <br /> <br /> In addition, all the studios were mostly assigned to Fuller by the actors. He had to do it. Richard Widmark established himself as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a great portrait of a sexy and sexy wife, and she is not better than her boyfriend ... or better than her clients ... When Richard Kiley turned Tony's star into two Broadway stars, he's slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was an actress for us, "La Manga Impossible" presented us with La Mancha, <br /> <br /> <br /> More than anything else, the story of a robbery. He takes a bag to a subway car and finds it with microfilm secrets, replacing the money, following the FED and Commies, following a brilliant economy. The whole company, having a classic black look, requires 80 minutes to tell. The interview, with Fuller as a screenwriter, is a touchy and tasty aspect, partly a hardened soup fiction style. "That muffin was terrified ... it's okay," says a character about Candy. Fuller moves as fast as scene and scene, so hang on to the next. Then Fuller throws the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly, the story focuses on a new level of interest, a part of the comedy relief and dull imperfection. <br /> <br /> Opens the talents and strengths of Fuller's opening to the best of the film. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, from completing credits, Fuller can immediately turn the movie on, knowing what the story is and what kind of characters it allows us to show - Skip and Candy - we 'will take part. And this makes it so intriguing that you have a warm and warm vehicle underneath the underground, that we feel fuller with Fuller's hook. <br /> <br /> Glenn Erickson says, in my opinion, one of the best film critics, "Sam Fuller defines his own American vision at the bottom: a harsh, aggressive act, when his interest in himself is obvious, what is wrong, And there is no reason, and it is not for fear of that. As always, as people work hardest for the hardest country, people are less likely to benefit from this effort. For 55 years, the movie is still alive.
