"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama about a small punishment of the past, and is suddenly part of the activities of a communist group. A very dynamic and direct action style is presented and we maintain that impetus. Using different camera angles and efficient approaches also helps the overall impression of continuous movements and vitality. The director of Samuel Fuller and Joseph MacDonald's cinematography are superb and there are many scenes that, through their composition and lighting, create a sense of humor and atmosphere. Widmark) goes deep into the robbery of a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) in the New York subway. Joey (Richard Kiley), a boyfriend of one of his contacts, who was handed over to a communist organization and reported to him, recorded secrets of US government in the microfilm. Both FBI agents followed Candy and saw the robbery. One of the agents is to return to the Joey apartment and the other visits Zara (Willis Bouchey), Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI continues to pursue Candy for a few months in search of a communist group leader. <br /> <br /> To identify the puppet, he calls it a "stoolie" called Moek Moe. Thelma Ritter), after giving a detailed description of the method of "cannon", makes a list of eight possible suspects. When Tiger finds out on the name of Skip, he will soon persuade him to be arrested by a detective who sent him two detectives. When she is in the Skip Tiger office, Zara talks about the microfilm and Tiger will take care of her to collaborate with the research. Skip is transient and proud. Clearly he does not trust Tiger and denies all robbery knowledge in the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey instructed Candy to steal the microfilm and find out how to recover it later. Candy pays for Moe for the purpose of the jump, and when Tiger returns to question Tiger, Candy looks for home and puts his unconscious in a hurry to steal his money. When it was recovered, Skip requires $ 25,000 in microfilm payments. Joey informed Skip's demand and Joey's captain ordered a gun and ordered the next microfilm to retrieve it the following night. <br /> <br /> Jump out and Candy attracts each other and is a disturbing relationship between them. It evolves a means to shake the police attention. It is soon apparent, however, that resolving problems with communist communists will only be achieved through a more direct action. <br /> <br /> Skip, the representations of Candy and Moe are characters that live in the melancholic world. They are forced to face great risks and are credible. <br /> <br /> Moe's work as a police informant is dependent on the knowledge of the people of his community, but also what people know what he or she can do and who can find revenge on any of them. It seems to be sharp and crazy, but at the same time, he describes his weak side as "an at least an old clock" and saves money in a land cemetery in Long Island, a cemetery. He believes that "every dollar has its meaning" sells any information regardless of dangers, friendships or principles, and still refuses and is deadly there. Thelma Ritter's performance was definitely nominated for an Oscar for her role. <br /> <br /> Skip is a violent criminal who is not worried about his victims and who has been condemned for the past three times, is constantly under threat. If he is convicted of life being imprisoned again. However, he still continues with his criminal activities and, surprisingly, it is purely philosophical when Moe clarifies his focus, and later, he also guarantees that Moe's kindness is so well valued. Candy is an exquisite and someone who is endangering his activity, but behind the outside, the warmer difference becomes more obvious. Widmark and Peters are their excellent roles and they represent different aspects of Ritter's manner and belief in people.
