Kim Basinger is Della's son, with twin children (Terri and Tammi led by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and the husband's (Kenneth) abuse, played by Craig Sheffer. <br />> The movie opens the Christmas night. Kenneth walks on the way home, I'd even add a nice car. I am discussing with a business partner that I would take on my mobile phone. When returning home, the floor is buried and shoes and toys are mixed. This is even more angry and Della is going to take her with her wife, asking why her house is always. It puts it against the wall. Twins the clock from the stairs. Punching the wall, leaving a hole and walking away. She goes to the children, trying to console them. Having said all that, he must go to the shopping center because he does not have any papers to carry out last minute purchases. It arrives there and there is a full parking lot there are many last-minute buyers. While looking for a parking lot, the car takes two spaces and it insults. Eventually, he finds a car park, heads for the hoggish car and leaves a warning to the owner calling him "jerk egoist". Then go to the store to go to the store. <br /> <br /> At last, the solution is left and it is closed and many people have already left it. The owner of the car is not allowed to leave the notice, and he notices the vehicle's way. Similarly, the notice that was left behind the washing machine is no longer noticeable. Odd When you enter the vehicle, it starts. He sees a car that follows him behind and blocks his backups. The car (Lukas Haas, Chuckie) will only leave the car of the vehicle owner, leaving the note and a roach of his friends. Yelling continues and a merchant police officer (not Paul Blart) finds out about the problem, so Chuckie will not let himself out. While this happens, Della jumps in her vehicle, plunges her into the median. Chuckie and his posse give their car a hop and chase. She ends her vehicle in a pile of cars in the housing store, but it is damaged. It gets to the back of the vehicle, open the hatchback and take a toolbox before reaching the thugs. <br /> <br /> With this, Della tries to spend the rest of the night, armed with tools only armed with her box. The first kill, I think, is the best. The first kill you make. The last one was probably the weakest and the best girl to be considered was the best. <br /> <br /> I will admit some of those who will end up selling it, and I leave it for a while. In general, if it was a fun movie, it lasts well for 20 minutes.
