Before being a Crash, this interesting movie was called Grand Canyon. Posted in the first fifteen years of the Grand Canyon film, two people from different origins met the movie. Crash was still a better film for me, but Grand Canyon did not have any affair. <br /> <br /> When it happened in Los Angeles, a top-level lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a faster turnout among children. Instead of breaking the car, if it breaks its car. He needs a washing machine and wait for a moment, which will endanger a dangerous person in his car. Shortly thereafter, the driver of the truck arrives at the right time, and steps away from Simon (Danny Glover) to get rid of the truck. Both men are threatened, but Simon himself, Mack, gets a great bet for cars. From now on, there is a relationship between men and women throughout life throughout life, Simon Simon helped Simón as a dangerous situation as he helped him earlier. As you can see, her sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and at night people seem to be scampering in the streets. Mack offers a better place to live, and the best place to connect with Simon a writer with a friend (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the movie, but there are other smaller plots the same. The secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker) and even Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel), after finding her baby son Robert (Jeremy Sisto in her first movie role), will probably go outside in summer. He will move with his life soon. The details of these plots are collected in a complex movie, as a cop-helicopter is used as a metaphor of life and as a bridge to the different scenes. This simple landing device works very well and helps the story flow a lot. <br /> <br /> Lawrence Kasdan's director, The Big Chill, the biggest movie of that date, has created an excellent movie here. It's a good piece, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but, alas, it lacks greatness, to make the movies even more powerful, which will end up with some splendors. The secretary is a story, and the second of Simon's niece is the second. These scenes have had to overcome whole stories, and maybe Lawrence Kasdan's top and bottom classes should have a higher level of life, much better than that. Still, Grand Canyon has exceeded expectations, so you will see a view of the gorge of the movie. He is also the producer of double-starred Steve Martin Davis for a small role in his life's opinions and has to play in the ideas of this film.
