If you want to know how most Hollywood actors and directors have done, most will tell you (they'll tell you) that there has been a strange coincidence. The right people met at the right time and joined the project for other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took an acting class and met his teacher Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey went back to the role of a famous playwright who could hear the role played by an elderly woman who passed the play. And Robin Williams gave his career to the son of Gary Marshall, after seeing "Star Wars", suggested that his father should visit a foreigner "Happy Days" in Cunningham. Suddenly, these casualties, which are seen as pure luck, are currently creating Hollywood careers. Or is it luck? Is something different? Written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan "The Grand Canyon" proposes a different explanation on the different explanation, that is, wonderful coincidences. The film has several characters, characters that intersect through their positive and incomprehensible life. After a phone with a tow truck, a young group recognizes it. They threaten violence unless they leave their car. As soon as the escalation of conflicts is over, Danny Glover will appear as a driver of the truck and reduce the intentions of the gang. Although Glover later refused, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer of cheap violence films (Steve Martin) shoots one leg and then has a spiritual experience. He then retired to produce blood and noise shows. And Claire's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), while in an morning joke, finds a baby hidden in a baby. He has said he has cried and has claimed that the "salvation" of the child was unprecedented. <br /> <br /> The film analyzes the relationship between the relationships, the end of relationships, and the rare connections that generate the initial news. . And at the same time, a strange homeless man appears throughout the whole movie, as if it were in some way related to everything that is happening. <br /> <br /> It's too strange to explore Hollywood or film in general. pure esoteric subject. It seems little moments that seem incredible, but maybe that's it. He is a great actress in film production. Although miracles and coincidentions seem far away, the actors think they live in these new situations. Perhaps this is a topic we should look at more often.
