This production was made in the mid-1980s, and it seems that BLEAK HOUSE was the first serious attempt on the celluloid. The cinematic version of the novel has never been tried (it is really rich in sub-counts, since contradictions are worth each other, so that dust could be very hard). The novel by Dickens Esther Summerson was a woman, one of two works, a central narrator. Esther describes her aunt and her uncle (typical Dickens style) who abuse her. It's illegal, but he's not going to tell you about his parents. Later we worship Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is becoming increasingly complicated by her private life and the involvement of her family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We also participate with Richard Carstone's (Esther's boyfriend), Jarndyce's cousin (cousin Richard, even John Jarndyce, played by Desmond Elliot), everyone (even Richard's cousin ) he won. effort <br /> <br /> Dickens was a parliamentary journalist and then a parliamentary reporter before writing a fiction. Since the promise of PICKWICK PAPERS in violation of the case, Dickens looked closely at the law. Mr Bumble has said he was "ass" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would constantly push his vision. It is seen as a proliferation of criminals in TWIST, trying to heal hardly any law. Bele attacks the Chancery and real estate laws at home, as well as powerful lawyer and lawyer (Tulkinghorn, Vholes). LOREN DORRIT attacked the debtors' debtors (he also addressed David Copperfield). IN OUR MUTUAL LOOK, he looks at the testers and testamentaries. EDWIN DROODEN MYSTERY, he thought he would go to the murder trial. Dickens was much more critical among legal entities than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also examines other problems (for example, charity and religious hypocrisy, Scotland Yard's detective strength, social snobbery, industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize several people: writer Leigh Hunt, Scotland Yard Fields Inspector, and Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this beautiful miniature version of the series. If it reappears in the cable station, catch it.
