More than 2,000 users who voted for this movie are 8, 9 or 10 of the 2,000 population of the IMDb, and a user has six video tapes (this is a record, or is the VCR incorrect?). Although the film is temporarily directed, it is very fascinated. But for some reason, I imagined I was a great whim and I did not feel it until recently. The original book Elizbeth Von Arnim changed my mind. My wife loves to read it, but the sight is no longer read, borrowing the book's conversation form. These books also irritate a friend who works with other things, but I gradually realized that this was a seductive, though not as good as it was, and very well written. I noticed that my wife would like to see the movie, and that's why she decided to buy the video. I am very happy now, I did the way, and I would definitely recommend anyone purchasing anyone who appreciates any reflective work without fireworks, but a well-developed nature and the Italian atmosphere of Mussolini. This story is set up immediately after the WW1 and starts with a couple of London married women who decide to take vacation together in a vacation rental in a two London vacation rental and vacation together. The force of circumstance combines this pair with two other characters and different origins. Its theme is fundamental that only the interactions that occur during the holiday are not only among these four maturity women, but also with occasional male visitors. If you want actions, emotions, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or the Harlequin-style pilgrims, this would not be yours. The IMDb users, however, collectively and strongly stressed that they do not see one of these films to be very rewarding, and if you want to try it, you might think of it as a fairy tale. . <br /> <br /> It's pretty strange to see a movie I already know for myself. In many cases I found this to take away the pleasure of the movie's conception, but I think that there is more pleasure in seeing the next segment of the book. in front of my eyes. (Perhaps it is also part of Italy, I have had this experience when I saw the stories of Boccaccio's Decameron on television). In general, bookwriting increases the dramatic level of original work to ensure the filmed version. The appeal is even more widespread, but it is diminished, but the focus is on the development of the progressive nature of the audience rather than the background events. This works very well, although the changes in the book are small, basically, the film follows the original story. The big credits are the directors of Mike Newell and the cast, especially the British actors with four major dominions.
