The three girls, the youngest of the Gaylord family, most of the royal family of the Americas, are orphaned at a young age. Before fighting for the first World War II to France, their father tells Fiona the oldest, never sell the land. As soon as their sisters arrived, they needed to lose most of their money to defend their assets by lawyers. Through a series of voicemail voices, a man named Charles Barclay gains ownership of Gaylord land where he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay was John D. Rockefeller, who bought the land and buildings rich in New York's families, could be built with Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film deals mainly with the melodramatic concerns of three sisters. . Barbara Stanwyck is well-interpreted, although she is definitely one of her best roles, she seems cold and dominating, and it is clear that she has sculptures in her wardrobe. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is very much in love with a young, modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a seducing seducer with a monocle who married a noble blood in England, but she does not try to try his sister Gig. The three sisters are quite well-developed, but the main trend of The Gay Sisters is never enough. Charles Barclay is led by George Brent. It's not very good. Well, he would be happy if the story were to be played, but he still resembles the movie. It's impossible for us to be sympathetic at the same time with the movie. Gig Young plays, right? Gig Young. No, he's not playing himself. What happened to the actor, whose actress was featured in different films on his first real name, Warner Brothers was pressured to change his name for something else. I do not know who the last chance was, but eventually changed the screen name to Gig Young, after the character that plays The Gay Sisters. Strange, right? Young people are pretty good at most movies, but the script makes some unfortunate things at the end of the film, which ultimately harms the audiences' sensitivity. In other important roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are very good. <br /> <br /> Gay Sisters had a great potential for becoming a saga of big filmmakers. Characters are interesting as well as their situations. Unfortunately, the script does not look for something more than simple melodrama. If the relationships between the main characters were more complex, for example, if the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna, or if the flashback was more complicated, the movie might be fantastic. He can also give his preaching to let him know more about the Gaylord family. We need to be more concerned about the characters, and we need to be more aware of them. And the end needed some important consolidations. Basically it's just give up at the end. Fiona's problems have been so badly resolved that it hurts. As the film progressed, it was a sympathy that won its character. It's too happy too. This story goes to the tragedy or maybe it just happens to be the historical or loss of importance. We still hate Barclay. And the conflicts between both sisters and Gig have never been resolved. As Fiona's story goes down, Susanna, Gig and Evelyn are getting worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It is very well visible, although it is similar to other great movies of that era. 7/10, especially for its power. They should be upgraded, or the novel should be re-adjusted at the time of study at some point. It has to be renewed until now. It would be the best time in the 1950s, such as movies like Giant.
