It was exciting that this wonderful movie had to be released by Braveheart the same year. Although it is a very different film, the conflicts between the Scottish nobility and the English nobility are both in front and in the middle. While Braveheart was around 400 years passed and Rob Roy introduced it, but some things never seemed to change. Scottland is still ruled by the English nobility and the mountaineers never think about when they face it. Rob Roy was very generous, but not Braveheart was a great epic. There are no large-scale struggles, and conflicts are more on individuals. And it works well so English is not badly depicted on this occasion. Rob Roy is just about a movie about honors and real bad guys. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays character named Rob Roy MacGregor. MacGregor is the leader of the clan, whose basic function is the protection and protection of local noble cattle from the Marquis de Montros marker (Mark Hurt). Things MacGregor's clan looks pretty rough in the winter, and it seems that food is lacking for everyone. Rob Roy has collected a loan plan for the Mark's 1000 books and buying some domestic beef. He sold them at a higher price and used money to improve the welfare of his community. It seems reasonable, right? Problems arise when the two Marquis friends steal money. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever made in cinema. Tim Roth's wonderful plays, which is noble money sent to Markas with his mother. This man is poorly imitated, rude, boring, and very dangerous with a sword. He handed a child to a hand maid and refuses to take responsibility. Macgregor's wife is raped and burns home. The guy is really upset by the characters in the movie. Along with the other Marquis crony (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses her to set her own debts. Although many people have clearly revealed what happened, the Marquis still has debt to MacGregor. This creates conflict, leads a lot of life and forces a man who maintains his dignity. <br /> <br /> Forward !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately, MacKregor, a non-marital friend, creates a last conflict with Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve conflicts and for all. This sword fight has been the best of many. Cunningham believes that his speed and grace are sure to be a winner. And in most battles, it seems that the attributes will be won. When Rob Roy looks like it's over, the board becomes surprisingly grotesque. The first time you see it, you're probably just as surprised as Cunningham! Rob Roy has shot very well, surprisingly well-behaved and perfect rhythms. The score is quite memorable. Choosing the cast looks like Jessica Lange, as it may be, she turns Mary MacGregor into one of the most powerful shows. The movie is violent, but there's not too much gore. However, it is a passionate image of deviant behavior. The nobility is amoral and noisy. The film has no obvious defects; so 10 stars have 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Hound.
