This is the story of the legendary Scottish hero, Rob Roy, and his landlord fighters' owners. As a Braveheart who is often compared, it is not very historical. Especially as a fictitious character, I value both of these films and it would be difficult for both options. 13th century William Wallace, as others have said, is larger than national life. XVIII. In the early 20th century, Rob Roy is considered as an honorable but common Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story focuses on a clan's chief. Robert Roy McGregor lives in an Scottish Highland farm with his wife Mary and her two young children. As the movie begins, they are catching on with their relatives and their relatives, stolen robbers from the local lord. Rob Roy wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so a thousand Scottish pounds will borrow a local nobleman from the Montros Mark to market livestock. This money is spent temporarily by his friend, Alan McDonald. When McDonalds and money are gone, Rob Roy finds himself confronted with Montrose, and his incredible sponsor Archibald Cunningham, and Killearn's heavy factor. The honor of Rob Roy proves that Montrose seeks to accuse his opponent of the testimony of a national testimony about the Duke of Argyle, who is accused of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> Liam Leeson's charismatic is superb Rob Roy, an honest, virgin and noble hero, and his most important sense of honor for this story. Personally, I think it's the best behavior of Neeson, with its brogue (even Irish) adding authenticity to the average audience. Rob Roy is a strong, proud, courageous and sincere man who speaks confidently. Her husband and father are lovable and, besides, his friend, McDonald, has accused him of being faithful. <br /> <br /> Tim Rothe portrays his rival's mastery and is surely one of the most evil and sadistic cinematographers, Archibald Cunningham, a real wooden turkey. She is very midwife for anyone who wants to try to tame local women who do their most important business. Actually, pathetic Cunningham says that his father's identity is not enough, though he underestimates the horrors of murder, rape and robbery. She also pityed her maid Betty, after she had been pregnant with her child after suicide. John Hurt plays Montrose as an outcast and evil, eventually becoming Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is a compelling story of an ordinary man and his wife, which Rob's beautifully depicts. Roy and Mary. Those who questioned the presence of passion within marriage have to see this husband and wife! I think this is the phrase used for this couple: "You are ok for me ..." It's one of the most beautiful expressions of love in every movie. <br /> <br /> A compelling performance by Jessica Lange, Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Without it, the farmer's wife and a sturdy mother have a pretty but natural look. The actress brings great courage and dignity when she ravaged Cunningham's contempt while Killearn looks boring. His conversation speaks verbally, but he is full of pride and grace. I give up in Hollywood because they showed enough in the field of rape, to show their cruelty and Mary's pain and humiliation. Her relatives, Alastair McGregor, shows her emotional seriousness when she knew Mary's rape, and even when she swore her torture secretly, her husband Cunningham was not breaking it. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film includes beautiful scenery of the Scottish mountains, as well as the beautiful costumes of the time and the right music score. Unlike Braveheart, there is no battle scene, but a fun battle with the sword between the last duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is an attractive movie and has a lovely love story.
