<br /> <br /> In front of the new "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" of Ang Lee, I saw this in the superproducts and thought about it. A civil war movie is not what they see. Fortunately, however, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was very well written. The conversation is in the old southern style, but it is not tidy and obsolete. An impressive play contributed to this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was wonderful. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantvill, but here it shines. I have always thought that Skeet Ulrich was a good actor (but not a special one), but here it is also excellent. It surprised me that it was a great Jewel. It was wonderful. Jeffrey Wright, as I have never heard, is excellent in this film. It seems great performance and good writing and management. Writing a bad movie, the actors make bad and vice versa. This film has a great combination. The actors are superb and the character development is spectacular. This movie looks good and bad for good and bad things that others like. It allows the characters to be very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you at the edge of the seat, ready and guessed at any time. Literally dozens of times it was certain that someone was "silent" in the silent parts of the films (excellent director). This was also a beautiful movie. The landscape was not breathing (in Missouri and Kansas, it's kindness), but there was clearly a lot of attention in choosing nature's great settings. It is a rude and stingy feeling, but it retains elegance, very pleasant to the eyes. The movie was profound. He told a story and he thought so. There were layers under the outer civil war story. Indeed, there were not two people who were fighting for sure. In this film, they studied more in depth, to select too many. It's been like a short story full of artistic symbols and symbols that give you the thoughts and thoughts that you make during the story. If you like playing, writing, lots of action and some of the best directorates, watch this movie! Take a chance.
