The latest Gojoe, one of the fewest abilities of Asian-era activities, is an exciting and often curious but startling offer that is exciting, sturdy and beautiful. I am sad to say that the story that surrounds almost all the Buddhist or Japanese philosophy and history that I know of, is missing out on its deeper meanings, but it is also rich in contextualization, making it a traditional fantasy structure in a more influential plane. The story is Benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps a devil who destroys Gojoe's devil, the Shanao prince, after his highest plan, with the power of his demon. So, the film's theme of excitement and the case of Benke, a complete confiscation, is the real goal of self-awareness, to make Benke's role as a real character and to face the Prince Shanao. he wants to become Benkei even more hinders her because her dark nature is nothing left with the world, even if it is not in an open conflict, she never felt comfortable. Director Sogo Ishii manages as epic, with the timing of the camera, the always elegant and often credible camera, leaving the quieter moments unnecessary to allow them to enter. The use of lighting and fog is very easy to make for ether. The atmosphere, fantasy movie is the biggest part of the movie, but outside of supernatural moments, fantasy is dirty and dirty. Makoto Watanbe's film industry is important here, vivid and precise, with a great deal of affirmation. Things Daisuke Ryu is a decent and powerful man with a mysterious savage like Benkei, as Tadanobu Asano is proud and cold as the Prince Shanao. Like Masatoshi Nagase, ordinary people, intelligent and cynical, round them up, but we still do not know what the stakes are. The film fits well and, nevertheless, sometimes it is touched, it starts slowly, some shots are drawn, and sometimes the scenes of the epic battle are longer than necessary. As for fights, he fights frantic films, rather than actual movements, has an artistic influence, but ordinary fans can fail, often with objects, blades, gestures and fast-moving people. It was impressive to see it, but at last I did it with a bit of traditionalism. Although there are some unpleasant blood vessels, it works somewhat in a context, but still puts attention. In general, I think it's pretty, but it's not unusual for other Azumi lovers or swordsmen, but rather a deeper and mystical beast. In particular, the end will not be able to win generic wings. from that rate. But to myself, it really happened and those who are more inclined to adventure. Well recommended.
