I still have a pleasant reminder for anyone who has not seen this movie yet: do not expect "La Casa dell'Orco" does not wait for the devil, because you can not find it here. This movie is not the third part of the "Demons" series and has nothing to do with Lamberto Bava. In fact, the so-called "demon 3", also known as the "Church" by Michele Soavi, is a misleading title in that case. It is clear that the success of the "demons" films is; The listeners tried to deceive themselves with the deceptive titles, although it is an unequal story that is obvious. That said, I think it's unfair to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth mentioning. Honestly, the movie is quite atmospheric and although I'm mistaken, I think it's terribly terrifying. However, I think the reason is that the story tells us that Emily's "house of the cemetery" by Lucio Fulci. Of course, this is just a speculation, but I think I have valid proofs. For example, in both films, he is a man from Paolo Marco; In two films, Bobby is a small, unnamed little boy, in two films, the female housewife is thirty-three, she seems to be the only thing. In order to see something bad in the new home, and in both films, something in the basement is really wrong. I apologize, but I connect very easily to both movies, and I do not say that complaint. On the contrary, I think that those who have had the "House of the Cemetery" probably will enjoy this movie, of course, "La Casa dell'Orco" is not so dissatisfied that it is so scary. It's not nearly an atmosphere, but there's still a formula. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and Bobby, their little son, travel on vacation in an outdated vacuum. The castle is located in the middle of a Italian villa called Trifiri. Beyond the beauty of the place, at about the time it reaches Charel, he thinks it is impossible that he never had Trifir. Unfortunately, Charel can not pass his déjà-vu and the worst part his visions come with the image of a horrible creature. To begin with, Tom is not very patient, suggests foolish hallucinations and gives advice on enjoying vacations. However, the views of women are becoming more and more true, and the peace and tranquility that they should enjoy suddenly becomes a lively nightmare. In Charel's childhood the old nightmare becomes a real one, and this time he can not run away without facing this minar ogre. <br /> <br /> As it seems, the plot turns somewhat of a bit. It is simplistic and, consequently, it is difficult to complete an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a couple of silent silence and the image of the main character, in some minutes walking around the castle, re-imagining childhood and anything else. Sometimes it gets bored, but in general nothing is serious. Like many Italian horror films created at the end of the eighties, this film is quite elegant and effective, but it also offers unpleasantly entertaining moments that make it an unforgettable movie. For example, when Charel danced hardened by his husband and waited in his room, he thumped his face and fired like a forest. . It's a fun thing, however, that two minutes later, once again, they were a happy couple, as if one were punching each other, it was the most natural thing in the world. I know it is a fool, but I found it very fun too. Likewise, ogro (the evil one of the story) is incredibly fun and funny at the same time, and we must admit it: it is a bit grieved and weird for a criminal who welcomes us. Michael Jackson reminded me of the movie "Thriller", but it was much more natural and human, of course. But if you look after the really good aspects that I have just mentioned: Simon Boswell is one of the highest musical points and, even if they are always the same, perfectly adapts and at times tense creates a dark atmosphere. So, if I have to give my final statement about this movie, I can say that I can not love it, most of the people who enjoy the typical horror movies of the late eighties. Do not be disappointed. He likes the usual and always good Klix, just like the crazy old man who speaks the truth, like witchcraft, awesome castles, a gigantic dark basement, and a horrible spell like horrible secrets and local people. tourists try to avoid hostility, far away from evil lands. I would say "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and pricked your spouse's face, as a way to honor the story of the heroine. Take what this film is and enjoy it.
