In my opinion, Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and George Sidney are one of the smallest musicals of the director, a lesser musician of that music is not supposed to fit and tighten together. Anchors get pretty good movies even though it's not a mistake. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady are respectively two men's army. As the movie begins, they are leaving to the Los Angeles area. She plans to visit a girlfriend named Brady Lola. Doolittle is still a bit wet, and enough, and Brady seeks advice from women privately (publicly, Isobel Lennart and Sidney are the screenwriters of all the men in the Navy that explain to their women that they are too close to each other). Bradyk agrees to join Doolittle, but most of all Doolittle does not leave it otherwise. A kink puts his plan on the local police force to force a young boy who is obsessed with the army. It does not inform the police about who is or is living. Brady helps, and she and Doolittle get into the boy's house. The boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), will eventually appear, Doolittle goes looking for her. Brady tries to persuade her to forget her; Brady wants to go back to Lola. But they'll go back to Abbott's home and eventually there's a love triangle. Things become more complex when Brady knows a famous musician Doolittle, a famous musician Jose Iturbi who lives in a movie studio and says that Doolittle has created Abbott's show, singer and actor opposite Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of the story, musical music is a strange combination of militarism - because of the army's premise, of course, Broadway pop-stars tend to have more unexplored information on songs - opera - Abbott's amazing nature, like Liberace As popular as the classic - Iturbi did what he did and Mexican music - because Abbott plays a Mexican restaurant in the LA's Mexican sections. There are many good songs and all those who participate are great talent as a singer or musician, but the jump of the genre loses consistency. Worse, there are two windows of Iturbi, although it seemed like a big star at that time, it seems to stop the plot effectively and it seems a little bit higher than this time. On the other hand, I saw another movie by Robert Altman in Kansas City (1996), but this was inaccuracy in the plot, to make it a regular movie concert. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, it is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs and songs that they claim, the plot and the showcases, as a contract of obligation material. <br /> <br /> There are some plots too. It's not very well understood why Brady Doolittle is against Abbott's harassment. We can guess that Brady does not want to take care of someone who has to take care of a Doolittle, and it seems "quite adequate" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady says that Doolittle is not the same. A feminist emotion that Brady himself recognizes. Abbott seems to fit well with Doolittle, and also Lennart works hard to make Brady's Doolittle want her hair out and wants to meet Lola. It seems Brady's character Doolittle is fast stopping for all the candidates. , whether it is appropriate or not. It looks like small details, but it is about the third and the third of the plot. The story also seems a little drawn. Length is the problem. Anchors should be Aweigh for about two hours and twenty minutes, at least half an hour should be cut off. I think I was complaining too much of the aforementioned movie. a 8. I wanted to emphasize what I see, because the usual wisdom of Anchors Aweigh is much closer. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic. one by one and together. They make good and interesting shows. Does Sinatra look much younger and younger than her 29 year olds? Shooting around 30 The character is usually naive and virgin, as opposed to most of the roles that he would take later, and unlike his public image, as a crooner. For Kelly, this is his breakthrough film, and directly. His choreography is diverse and spectacular, as his acting. Grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticatedly understated, and it's just beautiful. All this helps to overwrite the screenwriting and paused drawing errors. <br /> <br /> And there is also a very interesting element, it probably only arises because Sidney allowed him to expand his humor. The evil Kelly is danced with Jerry Mouse (with the "Tom and Jerry" fame) in a huge fantasy sequence. It's one of the first examples that combines live action and animation, and it's very well-done and enjoyable when it's fantasy. The fantasy sequences are the best of the movie. Jerry's Mouse with a great dance, with Kelly and Grayson is a long song and dance. There, Brady Abbott imagines the scene of an old movie and has to act as a physicist. It is on a tall balcony. <br /> <br /> It's as uneven as the movie is a flaw, a show that is both successful and entertaining. Classical musicians would definitely not miss Anchors Aweigh, and fans of Sinatra would not even have their character set up quite well.
