In the late eighties and early nineties, the most important film phenomenon was the physical Oscars or mentally ill characters that went to the actors. The first one was called "Children of a Lesser of a Less" by Marlee Matline in 1986, and in the next ten years it was possible to see another "Best Actor" (Holly Hunter in 1994, "The Piano") and five minutes less. "Awards (Dustin Hoffman 1988" Rain Man ", Daniel Day-Lewis 1989" My Left Foot ", Al Pacino 1992" Scent of a Woman ", Tom Hanks 1994" Forrest Gump "and Geoffrey Rush, 1996" Shine " , for the disabled portraits Matlin, a deaf person, is a hat, but everyone else has a strong body. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon led to erroneous comments that were made at the time, and these awards were due to political correctness rather than the quality of the actor. When Jodie Foster failed to win the best actress "Nell" in 1994, some people watched as a reaction against this kind of portrait, but I think most of these awards were well worth the award, with the Clinton Eastwood 1992 award or with Robert Downey Pacino I thought I needed to go, but I would not agree that it would be Hanks, and that was the interpretation of "The Madness of" by Nigel Hawthorne, King George. "In that movie, of course, Hawthorneek He played a character who was ill. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" is based on the autobiography of Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen sons of a family of Dublin family. He was born with cerebral palsy and thought he was mentally ill at the beginning. For a long time he did not deliberately get a move or speech, but eventually he found that the movements of one part of his body were controlling the left foot (hence the title). He wrote and drew a piece of chalk on his toes, then became a painter and a publisher of novelists and poets. <br /> <br /> Underground Dublin can be difficult for seventy years and fifty, and Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us in many ways a bold, gray, cheerful place, which is very different. From the ordinary idea called "Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another Irish theme song called "In the Name of the Father", but instead they must establish the joy and spirit of their people, especially the Brown family, the most important part of the success of Christ by their parents They refused to be institutionalized and always believed the underlying minds and their brothers and sisters believed that their brothers surrounded the carts in a specially-made cart and how Christy's father in their furniture helped them In his room to build his house. <br /> <br /> The film facilitated access to sensitivity and was simply a "win-win triumph" for heart-warming. There is not a lot of factors, notably an excellent performance. Throughout his career, Day-Lewis has given some beautiful performances, but this, along with the latest "There Will Be Blood," is his ena da. It's never less than 100% convincing as Christie; His cunning movements, amazed and avoided conversations, convince us that we are seeing an incapacity, though, of course, we know well that Day-Lewis knows. Fiona Shaw is a graduate of Eileen Cole, including Hugh O'Conor, young Christy and Brenda Fricker, Christy's mother, among others, "Best Actress". <br /> <br /> The other reason that escapes the movie from sentimentality is not trying to sensitize its main character. Christy Brown has had a difficult life, but it could be hard to live, and it gives us a portrait of the movie. He was shameless, furious and rage. He can also be selfish and manipulative around him, and the film shows us all aspects of his nature. Of course, it shows us a positive side: courage, determination and humor. The representation of Day-Lewis is not physically convincing, but his personality is incapable of believing in incapacity, because it convinces us emotionally and intellectually, as it explains all the aspects of Christ's nature. He won his Academy Award for Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh in a series of highly opposed plays, but he deserves it. 8/10
