The longest feature film of the classic movie Jackie Chan in the movie STORY (1985) is one of the current police officers from Hong Kong. Jackie wanted to make the movie, ordinary kung fu movies and a fiery gunsmith and other "urban" events would take place, later by John Woo and Ringo Lam, a well-known and most frequent HK director. The POLICE STORY mixes these two elements and styles, and the result is wild as it sounds. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police officer who is soon a prominent witness (Brigitte Lin). against the powerful gangster leader and his criminal activity against the ring. Jackie's girlfriend, Maggie Cheung plays for younger and sweet, not here wild, Johnnie To, Hero Trio (and later), Corey Yuen and David Lai's savior. many others POLICE STORY is a very simple plot, but first of all why this movie was made. <br /> <br /> Jackie did all the credentials of his character, and, of course, he made himself quite wrong. A couple of scenes, some of which are also in the movie that ends with Jackie (with his eyes), with a very sharp, sharp eye. In addition, Jackie's teammates were almost shot in the film. The scene that stops before Jackie's buses, through the wind of the bahicles, was very bad because the bus stopped early and the actors did not fly in a supposed manner. They supposedly flew into the car parked in front of the bus, but the flight was too short and they hit the asphalt with hospital injuries. In recent credits, behind the images and images of those wounded actors, it is a very bad look and it is almost a taste, but fortunately no one is killed or injured too much. <br /> <br /> Action is (Action) Director Chan expects more and more hopeful. At that time, between the scene of the bus scene and the shopping scene, the legendary scene is probably one of the wild scenes that any action can take. Jackie always tells what an important edition (that is, it's true), and she really shows that her action scene and its perfect season make the movies look so kinetic with Hollywood's efforts. There are no slow moments here, and these moments are also very interesting and the movie never gets boring or hard to see. <br /> <br /> But again there is not a bad point, I can not show HK's comedies, this is it. the same comedy Comedy is not funny, especially the amateur elements of the script and they are not unexpectedly, but the writer wanted to add it for that, without understanding bad guides and stupid conversations. I mean, at the beginning of the attempted assassination of the beginning, the murderer shouts and shouts and faces and plays like a drunken dog; This play is stupid and inept and I do not like to see a genre of his own in a very big movie. The characters also say bad reflections, because the bad script is a signal, because these "loud thoughts" are only things that can be clearly visible and thus make things easy and "clear". Although comical and not so serious, these stupidities could not be overlooked and overestimated. <br /> <br /> POLICE HISTORY is fast speed, full impact, wall action. The miracle of Hong Kong's adventure and Jackie was very sad because of the bad results he had made with the US because he produced "Protectora", which did not have the same views as James Glickenhaus's director, and so the result was not achieved. The audience and Jackie were pleased and returned to Hong Kong to make a personal and inventive film. Certainly, he did and the current outcome is wild, as it came in the 80's. This action is among the many films, and it would be perfect without any errors that I mentioned. 7/10
