Jackie Chan's Police Story is for Honk Kong's action genre and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot, like all the movies of that era. and the genre, and most of Police Storys, the script is not listening. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays the police guy in the fight to persuade the owner of a local group. <br /> <br /> The director of the film is nothing special and it is not the best effort to direct it. Jackie Chan has given us responsibility in front of the masterpiece of the "Miracles" masterpiece. However, Jackie's work is just and respectable. The most prominent director of the film comes with battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Jackie also has a fun role in performances of this film, but this is not at all like that. The best play, which can be seen in the film Sammo Hung of "Dragon of the Dragon". The other actors in the film also give Jackie good performances with Bridgete Lin, in regards to her testimonial goodwill, she's doing well enough, but she does not show a full potential agent. Maggie Cheung, Jackie's girlfriend and fun and funny chief of Bill Tung, is Maggie Cheung's performance. There is no terrific movie in this movie that will affect enough movie quality. <br /> <br /> The action of the film separates this film from one of the most amazing current choreographies to others, adapted to modernized and modernized environments. They are some of the biggest scenes of action that will be placed on the camera. For starters, a shootout is in the neighborhood of a drug dealer Koo (ganglord), although John Woo's style of sequencing does not have to be the beginning of the movie. Next, the famous car that goes down the hill continues, and everything in the heart of the neighborhood is seen. It's a great sequence since it's a shameless copy of Bad Boys. In the middle of the film, Jackie is another great sequence trying to transport herself from her home. This is really the first scene, a spectacular, generous, fast-paced fight that has become a standard for all the modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and edited directly, to maximize scene brutality. However, according to tradition, the standout fight sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence features Chans's choreography, clothing and camera / editing. This sequence is nowadays famous for two things, the number of people sent through high density glass, a huge number of people, and the final deflection of the last five-story balcony, it takes a pole and drops through a glass roof (this is supposed to be seen it is needed). Although the two factors are excellent, I think that the most visible part of this sequence of fighting is the ability of Chans' combat ability and the originality of choreography to be something that has never been improved for me. I also think that some of the actions filmed and published in the Police Story's Chans track record for action by others. <br /> <br /> In general, despite the fact that Police Story, despite its storytelling and screenplay shows, and when it is running out of the Earth's filler, Chans is one of the best films of all time, the best shot and doubt Without it, its most spectacular show is essential to everyone. Then, we saw Chan for this action!
