The documentary Shakespeare Behind Bars was surprisingly beautiful despite its content. Do Victims of LaGrange, Kentucky, Luther Luckett Correctional Complex Die, Kill, Die, etc.? Surrounded by bad people, you will find something in a depressing environment that you really like and find something important, popular and famous. The issues are together with Shawshank Redemption, with their institutionalized nature, and seeking forgiveness and repayment in the past life. As we continue with a generous and non-judicial direction, we direct some of the prisoners that direct William Shakespeare's (this time, 'Tempest'). With so much confident and confident about forgiveness and repayment, we present to each actor in the conversations that break the essence of these trials. Each actor has his own story and tells them their reactions and reasons, with melancholy music, among them melancholy music in the traditional documentary. The most solid and respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. The director immediately realizes that Sammie (and later, Hal) are interested in the existing prisoners and longer, deeper observation man and his personality support. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal revelations involve a blow to the audience, but his emotional nature is appealing and he feels a particular empathy with him. Hal is the movie at the beginning. It does other things to overcome the time shown as a comfortable hobby, as well as running a news broadcast program. Again, Halk's personal interview and personal revelations (and also the language of Hal's body, not even the uncertain movements of his hands, but also others), especially the story of being a heart. He admitted that he was not intimidated by his true sexuality, he was only admitted as a homosexual, later shown in the film, where the absurdity and nonsense of the other prisoners involved in the play was performed. which has a frustrating temper tantrums, especially with Ron. The relationship between prisoners involved in theater is shown respectfully and unity to achieve something excellent. If you spend a lot of time with a beautiful momentum (if there are no titles), and so on? It seems that everything goes straight to the first stage and then, in the construction of public performance, things are predicted wrong. One of the transferred actors and the induction of an actor representing a younger son, is a nice narrative, but soon afterwards he owes all and does not live according to hope. A particularly-arrested prisoner (Big-G), a new prisoner (Rick), will welcome her into the practice of her beloved, and fortunately she will become a model model. It seems as if the film captures the passion of each prisoner so well in the way in which viewers relate it, especially when it comes to getting new tattoos when it's called "Rick Hole", and asks the guardian to stop in the yard and asks him when he gets a tattoo on his arm When we know of a criminal offense at the facility, Big-Gen desperation is deeply understood. Happy ending? It's totally wonderful when they're doing good looks (they've been invited elsewhere) and the sense of real unity resonates around them, but at last movies He leads him to the ground, that is, a short life and what he has ever had, or he wanted to, and he would always be removed from them, but they are returning to jail to pay for their crimes and whatever they seek to get them back, they are not free men It will be the weaker criminals and their recognition are weakened. Close the lights and doors of the shadows. which remains in the beautiful music that plays in the picture of a long corridor that matches it, is a powerful image of their oppression. The director realized that in the documentary, he saw people who were pleasant at the end of the film for each of the actors in the future of information for future filmmakers and what happened to them.
