It is difficult for the Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films, the Middle East's life and their problems, which describe gay people in these regions. In addition, the existence of people who do not want to be aware of the need for peace and those who want to be overwhelmed, and Israel, and Palestine, wanting to have a war. . These reasons, in my opinion, are enough for Fox to play a great director, even though the feeling of melodrama is uncontrollable. However, it seems that fans of his films (as he was convinced by Gal Uchovsky, his producer, screenwriter, and friend) does not get angry, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH) featured a feature film. YOSSI & JAGGER the success of the previous one and WATER START. "Romeo and Juliet", as a current gay version, was replaced by modern Tel Aviv in Verona and two men (one Israeli and Palestinian) in the place of two young Shakespearean lovers. The movie really is quite the reason why, or better, it's something else. Indeed, in terms of bubble-bearing title, Noam has a world that is considered by Ohad Knoller (Yossi YOSSI and JAGGER, Yossi, but I admire Jagger, amazing Yehuda Levi!). The neighbors, a guy and a girl, chose to live. About thirty years ago, unstoppable, exciting and strong (even temporarily passed by the protagonists as a national service on the Palestinian border) to create a life of war. Both guys are gay and they set up a trio with the girl, where love and siblings love each other. Life wants to change Noam when Ashraf fell in love with a young Palestinian TV boy (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). The laws of the group until now are forgotten, but not the desire to help a friend. It's still not easy for Naomi and his friends, Ashraf is a clandestine Israeli while his family lives in Palestine and is not gay, wants to settle his marriage to a very beautiful little girl, Ashraf's beloved wife, who is also a terrorist , and will have a great deal of responsibility in the development of land, that is, only for two men. The prejudices against homosexuality and peace (although interesting dualism, not automatic) are hard-hitting, so tragedy is essential. Despite the fact that the films have no connection with Noam and Ashrafen, the other characters, well-written (for example, Golan, Yelli's boyfriend, Noam's tenant) are not surpassed. lying, and later favorite and more open-ended people) and successful (apart from two leads, we do not exclude the funny and beautiful Zohar Liba, Daniela Virtzer, the notebook's girlfriend, as well as LATE MARRIAGE star Lior Ashkenazi himself in a kameo). Also, dark tones can be done without melodrama, although the director can not do it. I watched the movie a month ago and I thought while Fox and his friends struck at home.
