The Israeli / Palestinian conflict continues, and despite the fact that the world is aware of the violence in the distribution of both countries, there is little under the party of another division - people who want to peace and work for the elimination of separation. Eytan Fox, THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah') has created a lot of alternative vision of giddy, choosing humorous, high-quality love and a story to tell a story about the taste of violent reality. It's a window about the state of understanding. <br /> <br /> Tel Aviven has closed three friends with classmates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a gay youth who works at a popular cafe. and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome and shy man, is also a member of the National Guard in addition to the work of the music store, so his free time is kept in the control points of the city. In one of these guards, he encounters a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and a mutual attraction. Three friends decide to escape "stowaway" as Ashraf (called by the name of Israel) on the saturday day and Ashraf and Noam establish love relationships while hiring Yali Ashraf at her cafeteria, and Yali and Lulu are looking for the interests of love. too. Everything goes well, Ashraf must return home to her sister's weddings. Although Tel Aviven, Ashraf, and gay with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is said to have to marry her sister's widow-sister. In order to rescue Ashraf's destiny, Noam and Luluk are disguising themselves as a French reporter for Ashraf. In a presumed silence for a moment, Noam and Ashraf kiss kisses, and this action causes blackmail to stop Ashraf from "closet". <br /> <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, young people in Tel Aviv dancing in an event to focus on peaceful coexistence. However, an attack is taking place in Jerusalem: it has serious consequences, not only immediately, but also retaliation for Ashraf. The ending is a tragic level at various levels, and emphasizes the seriousness of the problem between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The operation is so natural, both comedy and tragic. beautiful young people He finds the balance between a serious and gentle story, and this is just what Eytan Fox writes / makes this beautiful director. More people should swear this important movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English subtitles. Grady Harpa
