Today, I'm on holiday in Israel this summer, so I could see this incredible movie. A bit of warning before starting writing: I speak fluent speech, so parts of the Hebrew language were no problem; However, a quarter of the movie is (Arabic) in Arabic and I could not understand a part of that subtitled bit. This did not seem to me to understand the movie, but they let me miss some jokes that led to some ridiculous laughs in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema, many of them appeared. Homosexual cinema and the most important years of contact, the head and shoulders have something else to do with it; However, "The Bubble" surpasses all the others with great performance, a spirit of dialogue and a major political climate. <br /> <br /> Opens the movie in Israeli-Palestinian border control; In the first moments, we do not know which films we entered. However, it is an important element of this film's strength. The political situation, and the tension in the air, is constantly on the back. Most importantly, Tel Aviv is a natural character in this film. It is constantly mentioned. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. Skylin and the development of the cities are critically harsh and eventually evolves with the city's film. Films focuses on the love of Palestinian immigrants Noam (Ohad Knoller) and Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). Aviv and Palestine are a constant role. We always know that the relationship is forbidden, which rarely presents the senses in cinema. Love is very strong and it's the main movie. Side-by-side relationships and friendship are very strong: it's a good restaurant Yellien (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a flamboyant owner of the Golan Golan (Zohar Liba) ultra-butch and a unique Golcal Golan. In this movie, there are many beautiful scenes and craftsmanship, and cinematography is amazing: the scene of the first love affair, a male camera Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) is male. , and dissolved in a shot of Noam and Ashraf. This photo encourages others to realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Adding the story would be a tragedy, but knowing that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that touches on the current political climate of the world, so I will focus on smart conversations. While watching this movie in my second language, I could not laugh. Special lines of action are whether the gay suicide bombarder receives virgin celestial virgin and Sampson's analogy is the first attack on the biblical world suicide. This interview shows the purity and reality of what he sees in a few movies. The music used in the film is particularly powerful. Music is legitimately used only in times when they could listen to or need the characters, and in a scene, the music weakens a headset listening to a character when it is removed and when another is removed. Small items like this really raises the movie. <br /> <br /> I could not recommend a movie anymore; This is a science cathartic and very well-developed.
