You will be asked a little bit of thinking about Crispin Glover's magnum opus personal personality, so it can not be recommended to sit on Glover's images and do not want to see the audience, but surprisingly easy, but extravagant? narration thread For the sake of the spectator, it will surely be a confusing mix of mish-puzzles that are strange, surprising and disturbing for the sake of the images. <br /> <br /> Glover does not make matters worse, and he's almost happy to hear why he liked why he hated someone. Glover expresses how they interpret their work and their audience and the audience, not only through the film but also through unusual questions and response sessions. He clearly expects people to think about what they have presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and dismiss the movie is Dada or nihilist, an attack against modern film industry. Inside and inside actor. But Glover has a reason for showing his presentation before showing the movie, and it's not just selling books; books from Glover's images and texts, and what's it? He does likewise with images from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? An impressive and compelling movie like this is not expected by some. There is a lot more about the use of actors with Glover Down Syndrome, which is one of the most amazing aspects of the film. So, in fact, it seems that many deep-skinned interpreters seem to be looking at some more realistic and / or dignified films and more portraits of television, or at the absolute end of the spectrum, as a direct exploitation of disabled people. But neither is it, and maybe this film makes it so uncomfortable: the subordinate agenda is not a hatred or a political one, but rather to look for a kind of misery beyond the main culture. It's not a movie about Down's Syndrome, but it's a movie owned by Down's syndrome. They appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am totally a person with gung. it becomes rigorous and incredibly dramatic, beautiful; fortunately for me, that is, what much is it What is it? is presented to the audience. Glover uses rare images of snails, deaths and disabilities, because the viewer feels well that the rarity of the imagination or the rheumatism reaction is due to the echoes of the dead of an anthropomorphized snail. Somehow, what is it? What elements are extravagant (and sometimes completely grotesque) elements? Does Francis Bacon remind me of the work? The Pope is an evil person, and the curious distortion of the human figure, which inevitably wants to impress and watch the audience. Like Bacon's drawings, Glover's films are opulent and modest, grainy and smooth, chaotic and well-understood. and it helps make conflicts more confusing. However, this is not a totally serious film, and a great deal of the upsetting is achieved by abandoning humor, mainly through the use of known elements, images and the use of nouns. popular culture And what is it? It's fun, it's really fun. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? Glover is the first great film as a director and writer, and shows his presence as an actor of the film that it will not be shining. Watching is like being an observer like a real or a bad dream, but it's strange? which leaves you a bit sad when it wakes you up. If you like art, what is it? It is possible that you have to overcome your expectations and try to catch the theater, with The Big Slide Show and Glover himself. In short, it's hard to hear you soon.
