What else can I say? The Americans totally hated that the US cut was so bad, although it was well known. <br /> <br /> About the American theater version (together with the new Blu-ray version). HK is quicker and faster than the cut, background music changed with dark and dull music from hip-hop music; and there were many amazing scenes. However, the duplication work was great, trying to get the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is that the Hak Hap (Black Mask) is a problem designed by the movies to be dark, grim, very disturbing and absolutely awful. Unfortunately, the US premiere wanted to overcome the cream, the film's appearance was completely changed (18+ HK release) to be more comical and amusing. <br /> <br /> Now, let's talk about the original. HK release. The movie is like a hidden treasure, a prototype for the entire "matrix" tide. Fighting scenes are absolutely wonderful, as the camera's work was also "old-school" among HK films. However, the style created by the film was a unique blend of Kungfu and Pop culture. With leather, black clothing and ornaments, this movie features a superhero-like black mask with a multinational super-soldier, directed by a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes, it's like the imagination of a late child, but it works. It is so spectacular that the entire movie will give you nightmares aimed at foreigners who are struggling with blood distribution in their coats. In 2002 they made a sequel to a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad the basic characters of Li and Liu were in the movie, because they had strong personalities and friendly friendship. And did I mention in France Yip? His roundabout shot was completely cool, though he was madder than the evil leader, who did not use a credible accreditation. I also swore to say? In any case, they like a lot about the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film has suffered many problems. First of all, it is a minimal script made in its best potential. This means that the producer team deserves a better screen writer. 100 minutes are among the highest ambits, but they often felt and did not make sense to the viewer (US versions were even worse because all the characters developed). However, you can not ask too much comic-inspired action movie. Also, the film is aimed at children. I do not recommend you if they are under 20. It has a worrying content, including blood, gore, sado-maso costumes, serious violence, etc. Along with the style of the movie, heavy metal heavy music lovers and dreamers of action can be called wet. (It was a smooth operation in the United States, but you want to see it, see the HK notice.) 7/10. Status: mature, hidden, underestimated.
