After publishing The Straight Story in 1999, David Lynch was the first movie to overthrow the horrors of the macabre and the surrealist. Based on the true story of a man and his brother John Deere '66, a strange story led by Lynch at first glance. However, as the story develops, you can see Lynch's trademarks. <br /> <br /> The little Lynch city focuses on America and its people in previous efforts, such as Velvet Blue or Twin Peaks. But the most obvious difference is that curiosity is reduced. The set restrictions mean that the movie is one of the few direct movies that you can think of with the G rating. This film is very significant, as a proof of the production of beautiful and significant family movies. <br /> <br /> The first feature film that Lynke did not address was his handwriting. For many of Lynch, there was a big negative point. It was almost universally acclaimed, the only critical criticism of James Brundage filmcritic.com was the same criticism that Lynch was not a typical movie. "The story of Lynch G-Rated is not struggling to fit itself." Brundage says his main character, Alvin Straight, "lines refer directly from Confucious." The story is weak and argues that dialogue is worse. However, it is the only criticism that many will read. It's true that Lynch is not in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive, all the movies that I liked, The Straight Story Lynch, is not that great. If you are a Lynch fan, it's important to distinguish Lynch's role as a differentiator. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and thoughtful, while the thoughts of the protagonist give you a real sense. its destination Alvin constantly reminds his past and his relationship with his wife, children and his brother. However, it is particularly significant that there is no delay, that is, only those that add effects, that is, reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion is that it is a consequence of seeing a slow ship docked in a river and seeing it is beautiful. The natural landscapes of the United States are intensifying and, in conjunction with the soundtrack of Angelo Badalamenti, I would like to go to America. The performances are superb, in every active role, Richard Farnsworth is very excellent. The nomination of the Oscars was very worthwhile and shameful he did not win. In any case, it's probably a swan song for all actors. <br /> <br /> So, The Straight Story shows Lynch's complex narratives or trademarks, but the film looks at old and old characters and is highly recommended!
