Who would think about a movie about a man who drives a good cycle to see his brother? I definitely did not. I expected what I expected: one of the most boring experiences of my life. I was wrong, I often did not go wrong, the best Hollywood movies I've ever seen, realistic and honest ... <br /> <br /> Give a short curricula. The Straight Story is not very difficult. It's an old and harsh man who puts on a grassy meadow and goes to another state when he hears his visit to his brother when he hears that man's stroke. He is already inherent to himself, but he is even more special because his brother has not seen it for ten years because of stupid arguments. Meanwhile, he has bad luck and trouble, but he also knows a lot of people who know how to live a life in one way or another. Despite the difficulties that work every week, without knowing what he wants to accomplish his goal: before seeing his brother too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why some people do not have this movie and that's why I will not tell them that they do not heart or something like that ... This movie has not been the scene of exciting events, it's just as slow as the grass clipper is driving, and you do not have to watch the soundtrack because it's not there. But why should you watch it then? Well, the simple answer is the story. I've often not seen a touchy movie with this powerful story and Hollywood coming and even better for it, via Disney Studio (that's the same as the equivalent of sweet sugar). nonsense) makes it more special. I do not embarrass when I confess twice when I saw tears in my eyes, surely, for some years I've been stupid, and it's a very real situation for someone to see. <Br /> <br /> Some say that this story is very superficial, but I do not agree with that. Perhaps, because we see the old man driving on the meadow dog and do not want to think anymore. If you have enough of it, we all understand that he does it, he knows that he has been wrong, that his pride is only to see his brother again and that others want to see it. so they will not make the same mistake. If that's not the depth, how much deeper the stories have to be? <br /> <br /> I want to add all this movie really. Some beautiful scenery (an American movie that depicts New York, Chicago, or another big city), Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Space, ... some very good performances ... and a way to tell them in a very understandable way. David Lynch is the movie. Now I know I was totally wrong, accepting that this movie was not my liking. It's one of the best films I've seen for a long time. This film focuses on my heart and looks at the bull. I will give full 10/10.
