What else can be said? I have not been fascinated by a young actor Cate Blanchett has been performing for ten years since the scene. Although Blanchett and Blunt have played Queens (they seem to be a leading actor and producer), roles are full polar opposites. <br /> <br /> Great passion, put on a compelling drama. , and the makiavelo intrigue, this is not a movie for you. It was not a script or a bad direction, that is to say, that the theme of the film was not a dramatic life, as compared to other renowned figures such as Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II. and Elainor of Acquitane. It has been a lifestyle of these people, such as good soaps, and their policies and decisions have changed the British route and, in most cases, the history of the world. Victoria, on the contrary, ascended without ascending to the throne, almost ruled the nations that were becoming a global force as a result of the emergence of industrialization and the army, and the states had stable and stable government policies and married. young people had a harmonious family life. The incidents in his life are not Sturm und Drag, such as dramas that are strong. <br /> <br /> The attempt to dramatize the film's heart, its education riding and the machining of its throne. The only thing that was surprising and astonishing about his reign was a love story. The reason for marriage for financial or political reasons is not necessarily the place where the world is seeking passion, but in Victoria history will always remember the holiness of the patron saint, happiness and the ideal family life. That's why the protagonist of the film is the love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very pleased with the characterization of Albert Albert in Rupert Friend, with the young man who could be very badly affected by the seriousness of the patient, perhaps with a bad touch. In short, it is a good-hearted man, not the most dynamic drama, but this is not the story, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines brightly thanks to the passionate and rational effort made by Friends. <br /> <br /> In the matter of the queen, yes ... Emily Blunt has the highest point. Its beauty can not be denied, but it is more than something beautiful; His face is like a sharp sheep for his expression. The smallest arch, the eye looks or smiles a little. Again, this is not a fierce performance or heavy talk of discourse, not this film. But Mrs. Blunt shows what the role of the character is with the simplicity of mankind's simplicity. <br /> <br /> For example, Mother of Victory (Miranda Richardson) and her generous advisor / lovers concept, in simple things trying to draw Conroy, Victoria's dog, we see Mother of Victory (Miranda Richardson) and her awesome advisor / lover. We were seeing his delight and fascination when Albert found out for the first time his eyes. We have seen this nerve and have passed to the Parliament. And the favorite scene of all the movies, we look nervous, happy, and hopeful, when she was to do something more than women, she asked herself, a ridiculous man. In those times (and some would say now) that Victoria lacks a nervous break, because she says "you get married". Again, this is not a movie larger than life's expressions, but it looks at the nuances of a character and says so many small things. <br /> <br /> So, in general, I judge what the movie is and what it wants to do, and that is why I give it 7. Some policies can be better explained and the good actors wasted and the development of small characters, that is, Miranda Richardson. The Duchess of Kent and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the films did not spend a long time on the characters, but the exhibition had helped a little more to explain the political environment. Also, I would love to see more adaptations of the married life of Victoria and Albert, but maybe my wealth could be a scene between Friends and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In short, do not see this movie as a historical drama, but what really is, a story of love between the historical characters. This movie will feature 7 solos, great performances of lead, costumes and beautiful scenery and Emily Blunt's brilliant Victoria. And leaving anyone like romance, you will touch the end of this movie. God save queen.
