The film's interest in the monarchy of the United Kingdom continues with The Young Victoria (1837 and 1901), after seeing it in recent years, the Keira Knightley's Duchess, Elizabeth's film Cate Blanchett, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman have taken part in their sisters in Boleyn. Other Boleyn Girl. Some contemporary stories earned Helen Mirren's reign as Queen Queen II, as a result of the death of Prince Diana's prince. <br /> <br /> Each of the aforementioned films had gravitas (ok), so some might have an argument against Johansson), or it was a taste of its moment, and each film had its definitive period of historical nature, They did not have it and Elizabeth had enough in both films. However, young Victoria, the title he already suggests, is a young version of the queen's life, if you are looking for this definitive event, or their relationship with the basic political intrigues and shadows that enter all the royal houses. self-serving politicians, unfortunately there is no depth here here. <br /> <br /> This is not to say that Victoria is young. Jean-Marc Vallee (CRAZY) is a well-known Canadian writer, Julian Fellowes, who chronicles the story, the life and time of Victory (Emily Blunt, who soon becomes the new It It girl). King, King Dukess of Kent (Miranda Richardson), and his advisor named Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) as the king of his throne as king-in-chief, such as the already-anticipated king. William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the political power game comes to be Prime Minister Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who is trying to get the trust of the new Queen and plant her trusted ally within positions. Palace. On the one hand, you should understand the need for a young and new queen in trusting people in the most important positions, but are they really interested in their interests or interests? <br /> <br> </ p> <p> Even though the angle of this intrigue is included in the romantic story of his Roman Prints (Rupert Friend), where the relationship enters the second half of the film and goes into all the tracks that are coming soon enough. Both have emerged under the influence of others, and each step by step you tell them what to do. Although their unity is a firm record of an alliance, it seems that the need for both lovers to establish their own base is to support and support one another. Instead of being a pawnbroker, he constantly strives for research and analysis, sometimes absurd, rules and rules. Bonding is also a valuable commodity, and loyalty can be negotiated even if you want to clean the simple whiteboard. <br /> <br /> However, all these issues are linked to wind and love, marriage and childhood. kids. In fact, in the last few minutes, he has completed titles, especially for forwarding, that the audience really want more and, of course, for a room for another room, I am sure I would probably not see the light. One day, maybe the television series might get a response from the movie, and it would come out with one or more mini-series. It is hard to imagine that the effort to promote beautiful outfits, sets, and art directs, which would limit the subject of a very clear subject and subject matter, are not challenging for some to allow. Defining the character against the opponent. <br /> <br /> He expected more of the team covered with his star, but you would prefer one more. Recommended for curious about kings and queens in the British Monarchy as a complement to the most amazing stories available in other mentioned films.
