The princess of Victoria (Emily Blunt) is on the line to get England's throne. Today's King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and may not live long. However, the friendly mother of Vicky, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong), wants Victoria to sign the documents that she claims to be "reigning", for she is only 20 years old. age Ms. renounces it, even when John tells him. Another sign is that Victoria has love and love for her country. William, however, after his 21st birthday, Victoria knows that he has a huge burden in front of him. First of all, he has to surround himself with the intelligent "advisor" with wisdom. He chooses the most beautiful Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), but despite being an older man, he is the origin of Vicky. This leads us to the second important decisions of the young queen. Unless previously, the young queen should select her future partner, because she will bring stability to her life and kingdom, because she has to appear in the coming years as an heir. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family are also creating plans. Albert, the handsome prince (Rupert Friend), by the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, encouraged his father to judge the young Englishman. When he arrives at the palace, he is guilty and the feeling seems to be mutual. But because it is a small player on the king-sided map, can he win his heart? It's a great movie, thanks to Emily Blunt's performance as Victoria. Yes, it's beautiful, but its intelligent reading is a paper that gets great. The friend also works well, just like every other actor, such as Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a bad role!) And the rest. In addition, the film is filmed, clipped and fixed to make it a visual treatment. If anything is missing, they are extra fascinating suppositions, since the film is very correct and prosaic, sometimes with some imaginative imagination. However, this argument is small and small, in a very successful film in general. In short, young and old, Victoria would have to spend time with youngsters. It is the most important film of the 2009 movie offers.
