She is a 63-year-old Queen of Queen Victoria, perhaps one of the most well-known and historically documented historians in British history. On the one hand, his story is the theater of the ancient kings, thanks to the change of social climate and attitudes and, on the other, his constant story, especially human beings. In the first years of his life, in the forefront of friendship between himself and the German Albert Albert, the director Jean-Marc Vallée, until recently, has been in the shadows of the industry's acquaintances here, captures the story of Victory and captures this human being. Therefore, its legacy is essential. It is a story that is very modest in its background, which is partly different from the usual rate. <br /> <br /> A direct and focused approach is taken. A short five-year extension between his marriage between Albert and Albert, Victoria's youngsters offer so little pieces of nature. Instead of embracing a space embedded in the life of this image, Victoria has chosen to showcase one of the smaller knowledge of the early years of Victory, which is not easily known for publicly-recognized prizes. The results can disgrunted historians thanks to his fairly flippant facts, and it's similar, but let the document let you get the most compelling story out of the way, writer Julian Fellowes delivering her gun and still delivering a little romance convincing. portraiture Vallée runs this one and runs it, ensuring that you keep all these elements fully in keeping with your security regarding the history and viewer involved. <br /> <br /> The most important joy of watching Young The Young. Victoria play out but just here is the life of production provided by the values ​​of the 1800s that Regal Britain brings to life is so rarely so striking that it brings surprisingly genre movies to life. All clothing designs, clothing, hair, lighting and photography adds to the horrible backdrop of Victoria's story that never goes unnoticed. Indeed, when it comes to approaching the interpretation of Vallée, it is difficult to absorb the aesthetic that promotes the visual element; and then the score of the film is also very wonderful to enhance the elegant and personal tones that dominate the Fellowes script. In addition to entering the works of Schubert and Strauss in the stories of Victoria and Albert, the character also acts as a point of reference for play, but also blends with elegance and abstraction with the original work of the composer Ilean Eshkeri. <br /> However, for all confusing compositions, clothing, clothing and clothing and fictional costumes that determine each scene are cast performances and how they help. bring them to life when they live in the world. Fortunately, the Young Victoria blesses himself and his family with similar identities. The love of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and its anti-trusted advisers and similarities (Mark Strong and Paul Bettany with a headache), conflict and warmth are the main screenplay of Fellower. Here, all those who are involved are perfectly conveyed, so that everyone who helps the movie is "so underprivileged but dim" in plastic. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to do a job. The Young Victoria, for example. It has a totally emotional and humane feeling within its rhythm of perfect love, and there is a historical significance that is of interest to those who like it. Of course, the world of cinema may not be considered stormy and it does not become more dramatic than the romantic time in general in its overall importance; In any case, it's a bit like that. Vallees does not seem to strive for greatness, nor does it seem to make a fugitive escape of refugees. Within this gray terrain, Victoria is young, surely so that the genre fans and their regular productions can break them down; beautiful, memorable, but especially human. <br /> <br /> - Jamie Robert Ward's review (http://www.invocus.net)
