In addition to being the longest reign in British history (63 years), Victoria Queen has two other distinctions. In addition to the current Queen, she was the oldest queen of 81 years of age. And the youngest monarchy, too, was British (British or Scottish), and arrived at eighteen girls. However, whenever a television or film program or movie program surrounds it, older Victoria is more interested than a younger girl; In the modern version of Victoria, probably Judi Dench is known as "Mrs. Brown". He tries to direct the balance of the "young Victoria" by showing his attachment events and the first years of his reign. Sarah Queen's former cousin is commonly known as her daughter, a princess who has been a short-lived appearance. <br /> <br /> They are among the three main lines. The former mother of Victory, the Duchess of Kent, is also very well-known for her daughter, because of the influence of adviser Sir John Conroy, she was very much in love with her. (According to a sudden rumor, the old Duke of Kent was not a natural father of Victoria.) The second party takes on the growing love between Victoria and his German prince Prince, and the King of Belgium, both uncle, was influenced by this love. (The hope of the Leopoldek Saxe-Coburg house was to expand, both Albert and himself). In the third, in the British political history, it was one of the most curious events of the Bedchamber Crisis in 1839, when the proclamation of the history of the parties (when traditionally a strong monarchy was accepted) was protected by the queen of the Whig Party and their Lord. Melbourne, Whigs historically recognized the government system almost as a Republican, was reduced to the appearance of a monarch figure. Julian Fellowes is a well-known scriptwriter for the conservatives, and sometimes I asked this. He could color the treatment of political issues, it seems to lean towards the party's political side of the Tories, ahead of modern conservative parties. The chief of Robert Peel is a state and dignity, but Melbourne, his dash and charm, is a hateful and disinterested reform in social reforms. Actually, it might be said, but Fellows were only glorious a few years ago before the Tories opposed the reform law, which culminated in the rotten corrupt election of the corrupt towns and the unconstitutional dismissal of the William IV Constitution. Whig administration <br /> <br /> The lessons of dynastic and constitutional history are not always well transferred to the cinema screen, which has a quota of pure accuracy. Prince Albert, for example, did not wound Victoria's life in Victory's attempt, and Melbourne (in the 1950s, during the accession of Victoria) was not as young as Paul Bettany had portrayed. King William IV certainly liked the Duchess of Kent (his sister's), but I would doubt that abuse would lead to ill-treatment, as it appears here. Also, the Duchess and Conroy did not understand Victoria's efforts to sign the "Order of the Regency"; The Duchess's constitution was clearly revealed by the Regency Act of 1830. That is why it would become a Regent if your daughter is under 18 years old. A paper signed by Victoria could not change the provisions of the Law. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional inflicities. At first, in a scene, we chop through Victoria and Albert chess while comparing them with pawns moving on the chess board, the whole scene is a metaphor "Danger! Major cliché ahead!" warning However, despite being a similar scene, I have come to enjoy the movie. There were good performances, especially Miranda Richardson Duchess and Mark Strong, condemning Conroy. Vision is very attractive. Styling is filmed to link it to the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a funny turn like King William, though he is confronted with temptations that over time goes by. (Even though it's similar to "Moulin Rouge"), <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the movie is, however, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend's two lovers' performances. Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria, but in her beautiful portrayal, the queen is no longer the old lady of the popular imagination, wearing Windsor Widow, which is not always fun, but determined and firm. dear young woman The love of Albert and his family, a happy family, was one of the main reasons for the recovery of monarchies in British affection. (Except for George III, the Victorian ancestors of Hanoverians lacked the virtues of marriage). Blunt and Friend "The Young Victoria" make a stroke of love and a strong human drama, as well as a fundamental period in British history. 8/10
