Andrei Konchalovsky, about 4 and a half hours ago, about the legend of a poem about Siberianism, did not begin immediately, because it has to hold space because it explores the semi-remembered memories of childhood. The backdrop of the twentieth century, still a steamy building brings together emotional resonance, despite the fact that the sound and images that make up it are based on a simple association with their subject, with the extremely strenuous and intense character of the Soviet work spirit. . Konchalovskik celebrates Soviet colectivity, but Soy Cuba and Invincible are almost a review, humor and reflection. The news of the revolution will reach the solitary village of Siberia through the vineyard. The fruits of his work reach only when they call for the war of the whole world. For this reason, Konchalovksy attacks the individual, after waiting for six years after the war, to look for a woman who was waiting for him and repentance, he often waited for him again. Velvet sat on the couch and a few years later left to return to her country to look after the old uncle who had killed an uncle in his uncle, a hero of over 20 years of age returned to the compassionate stupidity. In the end, he did not abandon his wife, but he returned to oil drilling for oil, leading the Medieval Party leader to a retirement age and returning to a small town in Siberia, only the only purpose to eliminate it. map to build a power station. The film is in the decades and decade of the decade of the decade and the stunning news of the 80's with Soviet titanium technological revolution and war on famine and empire (a great deal here! People and face), but the real movie is directed to the individual, with the greatest triumphs and madness. In the second half, it feels a sour fatalism; They will be disturbed and appalled by the lack of a broken life. "It does not matter," as the world seems to say, because Konchalovksy answers "it matters," because the protagonists continue to try to repay. <br /> <br /> But behind this landslide saga, "It seems that something is blurring, it's hardly surprising, like old hermit old man, to drive or deny the protagonists in every aspect, sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes an enigmatic savior. and especially other logical and straightforward ultimatum challenges and affirmations between human characters, it seems to conceal something invisible. Father's ghosts were ames sepia, a star's shining night, a strange star, a curious beast, namely the Eternal Eternal himself, Konchalovksyk ordered another Some demand face and respect in the face of the mystic land, in the treatment of a small backwoods community that is learning about the progress and time of nature and how to deal with them, often funny and strange and at the same time tragic, and the director never allowed cynicism to overcome his humanism. The Desires of the Gods of Imam they love me In a scene of dreams, Alexei Stalin violates Alexan's machine of a door that strokes a strokin sign, emphasizing the betrayal of the Soviet dream when his father (dead) disappears during the fog. , or, in other words, in all the lost things in the revolution, this betrayal became more explicit in the unfolding of the film. Stunning images, elegance and natural nature, with a raw natural competition, help to achieve an agreement. Finally, a dandelion oil reflects flames and the film is blown up in a wild explosion of pure cinema.
