Soon, the Americans invaded England, England was invaded by the darkness of England, but in 1937, American cadavers appeared to be sunny, in a rustic English countryside. Jerry Halliday (Astaire) dancing American star, in a European tour, is shocked by horrifying women by her horrifying propaganda of her director (Burns) in wedlock weddings by Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). ). Keggs (Gardiner) CEO (and Gardiner) Marshmorton officials, led by the complex bet it is difficult, Lady Alice's Reggie (Noble) is committed cousin, Alice's aunt bustling (Collier) favorite. . The story would be much better than an hour's television show. The custom Wodehouse draws the wrong device that identifies and the wrong effects jump in the length of the feature film. Both appear impossible (and annoying) in the second half of Alice & Jerry's film. The amusement parks are intertwined and the castle peak is longer and annoyed. Fontaine is beautiful, very decent and quiet, to be blonde, but despite being an aristocrat, Albert (Watson) is an oppressor. But "Damsel" is a small vehicle to achieve so much talent, but talent is not condemned. Astairen komedia erromantikoaren gaitasuna ez da hain atsegina hemen Ginger Rogersekin duen edozein filmetan baino, eta bere dantza eszenak, bakarkakoak eta Burns eta Allenekin batera, parekoak dira, nahiz eta berak dantzatzen duen dantza bakar batekin Joan nahitaezkoa da. Graci almost robbed George's secretary bubble almost immediately, immediately airheaded, ventilated and coolly self-confident. The scene with a good Gardiner star character is his Keggs Snob Transient classic. This and the immensity of Astaire with the madrigal singers, the beautiful and noble American "Damsel", gives her beautiful colors with a noble but sad American. Gershwin's "Nice Work If You Can Get" and "stiffen Upper Lip" was the film his movie, which leads to a weak film. Is there a movie that gets the Gershwin swing treatment from the madrigals? "Damsel" Fontaine Astakere with Rogers or those who want to see the sights there are to be a real star. This is a great difference, they ruled in the 1930s comedy vaudeville music as fun or enjoyable.
