In the famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell underlined that many readers always regretted that Dickens did not continue to write like PICKWICK PAPERS. This will not be difficult for Dickens. Robert Surtees made his own contemporary, focusing exclusively on the wickedness of the game of fox (FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS, one of his novels). Surtees follows the instructions of huntsmen and horse lovers, but most people are unreadable. Dickens decided that he was more than a fun man (and do not forget that his first book, BOET SKETCHES BY, was also a fun book). So Dickens' third book is OLIVER TWIST (that is, a very tender point). Orwell says that they need to change the style of any book to grow. Dickens definitely agreed (and successfully). <br /> <br /> But Orwell overcame her genius who overcomes her boys. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who hunts - but no one wants to hunt. P.Google viewed the house as entertaining, immersed in the top of the British social system. The Count of Emsworth is proud of the best pig in England ... The Count of Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready to make a counterattack for an unfair superior. His Stanley Uckridge would always be a "perfect" outline that would need a big net profit (but he always managed to separate it from the end of the match). On the other hand, his Jeeves will always put on his brilliant brain, recovering Bertie Wooster, his boss. Wodehouse had a limited vision of his mission as a writer, he had to create cartoons for entertainment around the world - his books never shone brightly. Targets serve (and still work). In fact, Wodehouse compared today's contemporary Evelyn Waugh series, he wrote funny books, but more intelligent. Waugh's best XX. It is among the highest points in British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in order to make his point, if his point does not interest the reader, the book has often fallen. VILE BODIES was defeated by all at the end of his career, like GILBERT PINFOLD ORDEAL. While Wodehouse could also make smaller hack work, his fall did not go far beyond what Waughs did. The melody of Kern and Hammerstein, but Kernek and Wodehouse's melodies gave the dozen "Oh Lady, Lady" ten years before. He was also a dramatic author. So it's nice to take A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and get the script here. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse has the usual hints. The perfect coordinator Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance) is insolent in choosing a "game-friendly" game between home-based employees. Also, it is not possible to occasionally remove the Italian opera song - although Constance Collier tries to control his impulse. This is a typical characterization of Wodehouse. In this way, Lady Alyce and Jerry continue to love their love, and they have fallen for the young Keggs and Albert to win the money they want. Wodehouse always carries out this type of plot, depending on the current interest situation by antagonists changing their point of view. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky to work with Burns and Allan. It is generally considered as a contributor to all films (such as SIX OF A KIND and we are not dressed), George and Gracie, with his best help with Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, including the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is wonderful, just like three sequences, where three "broom" dance (Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's logic is a wonderful logic used by Wodehouse by Gardiner in a scene (see how worthwhile it is to change his mix that deserves more money) only Albert seems to notice Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and look at Gardiner stupid or mad). His interview with Lady Caroline (Collier) would imagine that he was married to Reggier (Ray Noble, the British leading band), but to say goodbye, when he married Married with Grace, he is marvelous. <br /> The movie has failed at the box office because Ginger Rogers does not end up due to the weakness of Joan Fontain. Fontaine does not play a significant role, but it is a mistake that is really Wodehouse - he has not become a very interesting character. However, the film can not stand up, the rest of the performers and their characters, Gershwin's music, and the fun of Wodehouse.
