Before 'Zavet', the artistic vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica was similar. They find their own poetic style and then they become cowardly prisoners. Burton (and still has it) has Depp, Kusturicak has Miki Manojlovic and, in a way, they got critical praises repeating the same formula repeatedly. However, people like me heard the joke fun for the first time. This is the main reason The worst movie of the Kusturic "black cat" is the "white cat" and "Life is a miracle." 'Zavet' is completely different. You like it, it may be hate, but this is not another poetic Kusturica? Balkan things of dreams. Of course, if you want to praise it, you need to act safely. It was very easy for Corinth to flee the other gypsies and get the reward. Fortunately, as a brave person, he chooses a movie that gives an ironic look to previous works. In the previous Kusturica film directed by Zavet 'Kusturica, parody can be hard and very hard. It's nice not to watch a great movie director seriously. The quality and even the highest quality, such as Bergman or Kubrick, is not quality. This movie turns the nonsense, which makes it so absurd and deep, and that's why it's ridiculous. The worship of space would be a masterpiece for the people who see it as the 'Plan 9', but the references to the Western viewer were not achieved. Most importantly, the tire owner Srbljanovic is referring to the dramatic Serbian writer Biljana Srbljanovic, who is politically a liberal left-wing She is active and criticizes Kusturica's political views and anarchisms. Her work, "but not subtle," of the "Kuturica" ​​was done in the Srbljanovic store, the second reference to Goran Bregovic's "Pre-Kusturica" ​​composer. a wedding orchestra "and began to play in Europe, although he is a great composer, Bregovic is the only interpreter, and most of his songs (if not all) are the cover of traditional Serbian songs. The costumes took Bregovic with a wedding and a funeral He had to deal with one, as well as western music It covers classic decks, falling as 'London Bridge' or French versions as lullabies. This one will you find unfunny? Now we'll see how we feel when listening to scary skin of Serbian Bregovic. I really liked the fact that this movie was not as deep as pretending, so full of symbols, parody and well-aimed, since it's all its work. If you want films from the previous Cosmograph, you will hate a great deal. If you do not like a couple of his latest movies, you will be pleasantly surprised, because it is like directing Fellini 'Pink Flamingos. Goal. After Zavet, I respect that boy. The next film by Tim Burton would probably be the main character of the pale face. The following Kusturica films may be related to foreign Earth invaders. That's why it's the most interesting director on earth, whether you want it or not.
