Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a Japanese poetic and sublime beauty. Real weight I listened to the big comments and I rented it on Netflix. I'm happy! In many ways, this film reminded me of the classic Japanese style of the 1940s and 1950s, 1950s and 1950s, as I have seen in the pictures of Yasujiro Ozu - the credits of the title begin in the same way. , Japanese letter (character) neutral color against burlap material. Immediately I thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style is also used: most external groups only have some outer scenes. Even though a couple of "headshot", as Roger Ebert says. The strength of the film is based on the love of other characters. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of a Japanese family and then continues during the Second World War. The mother will take care of her growing babies. The father (a university professor) is better left after being arrested for war crimes. He has never been released and he has only a few short jails convicted with his wife before hunger and illnesses die. In the meantime, the former student of the teacher often comes up with the mother and two girls to take care of. Mom begins to fall in love and she is the father of these two girls. But the war begins and it is drawn and they have to show a greeting. Will they ever say their love together? Can war back <br /> <br /> The actress Sayuri Yoshinaga, in the performance of the principal, has a heart and a mild spirit. Almost the kind of Madonna is so beautiful! Great eyes and great skin. The actor who plays the role is awful too: Tadanobu Asano is named. What is the sensitive performance? There is no breakdown; it's smooth and nice. No doubt, both would like to see each of these two films. I think what is available to see. Two little children are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The movie has been released by the NTSC DVD for American audiences, so it's easy to read English subtitles. I gave 10 out of 10 on the IMDb. Just like a Japanese film, almost thirty-four (1954), I cried. Do not miss the movie!
