My introduction enters the world-class film of Yoji Yamada through the famous and latest Samurai Trilogy The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films and looked at the director's full and fertile filmography, and I would take a long time to see all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, Kabei, Our Mom finally came to our coast, my mother had every chance to see what they would be, what they would do to celebrate their special love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on autobiography. Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our Mother talks about a close family of four? Ama Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), the eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and Teru children (Miku Sato). Lifestyle would be constantly changing, when Shigeruk was arrested as part of the Peace Conservation Law, when they were arrested for controversial anti-nation writings, the "crusade" that began in Japan in the late 30s began in China and then took part. Second World War <br /> <br /> So, Kabei starts work to feed his homework and regular meetings with husbands behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially in the Shigerian party, as Mr Kabei's father had chosen his wife, "I told you". Shigeruren Yama student (arthouse buffs Tadanobu Asano should admit here) gives the horny bumbling man slowly becomes confidant and substitute guardian children, and Kabei's sister's law was Hisako (Rei Dan) Hiroshima, which I think would have thought. Some alarms to understand are rumors about the unfortunate part, while the movie progresses in its timeline. <br /> <br /> Movies as the child focuses on growing, in front of their mother and in a distant relationship. My father, I liked what happened to the family's microscopic events under the macroscopic world events that caused the world over in the ordinary world. It is behind the historic impetus of the dominance of the Japanese region, and here they are hiding from these non-characters, as well as discussing how countries would take on the conquered lands. This is rarely seen in Japanese films, as they are strictly reflective of that era, as well as the way in which human beings face the problems of home affairs, which is more difficult with the resources devoted to war effort. <br /> <br /> Actors drawn here are perfect for books and roles, veterans or children. The actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves a special mention of the role of her home-made household, not to be stuck in the home, nor to find her inner strength. Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are the fairies that make the kids understand. make and commit. Along with these three scenes, the heart is being violated when it is hard or happy to fulfill the heart if they celebrate Joy. You'd better like to soon be interested in being part of this family, by the powerful performances of the first cast, by searching Yoji Yamada for natural shows for kids. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mom has beautiful and beautiful art directorials and delivers a wonderful and sad moment, without going over the top or cheap melodrama to reduce the emotions she seeks. There are so many small things right here, that is to say, it is an ideal one that loses every scene, and in every nuances it is very important to send its message, for compassion or love. <br /> <br /> Not only for endless (I expected a lot more to continue, even though it lasts for more than 2 hours), Kabei, Our Mother is highly recommended, and it will be difficult for you to adhere to your tears or your mother and her This thought was the basis of everyday sacrifice. These sacrifices are just another reminder, and remind you of the things that will remind you of the bouncing backs of the final credits.
