"I hate these stories that begin with a funeral, but I'm afraid of the day we started to bury George. We did not bury him. We crashed into the interests of the environment." So Elizabeth (Judi Dench) speaks of George's widow. Life has made George a comfortable and predictable life. She has two children and a 12-year-old grandmother. At the age of 15, and at school, in the middle of World War II, the girls played saxophone every night (almost every girl) in a band called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" battery was struggling because Patrick was not willing to fight and surely did not die. Yellow hair, long red dress and make-up, Patrick seemed to be as good as others. <br /> After a month, she played the saxophonist that she placed when she played the saxophone that she placed in the attic at the house's attic. He practiced but only when George left outside, two things happened. His granddaughter, what is surprised is how good Elizabeth is, how Blonde Bombshell plays and plays when she starts dancing in her school. He was attracted more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to the rest of the bombing. The roses that appeared in the jungle had a special significance with his love.) Do not see the other members of the group and find out why they did not attend the performance of their grandchildren's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? It's a member of the group. One died One is in jail. Rescue Army found salvation. He has not found a chance One is also known in the States. He is a professional singer and does not intend to make a school concert for a meeting. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick join Bombshell's alive members. We do not know if there are many of them. In most cases the tests are not key. While they were doing this, Elizabeth and Patrick thought about the expectations of young people in London during the war, when their teammates beat the band. It was just as incredible as it was, the most exciting time of his life. When Elizabeth's niece's dance comes to nightfall, Blonde Bombshell, full of violence and friendship, casts her out. Elizabeth then informs us that Bombshell continues playing in concerts, and he and Patrick do not want to get married, but they do not see anything wrong. <br /> <br /> This is a hogwash feeling, expert, and not bad at all. They are the dexterity and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term, I'm "a quintessential comedy" unless the actor is first class. Denche and Holm admire how they act as clear and predictable as this script, and they make something that pleases us. Then the "old" is a fun gambit if you remember old broads. Blonde Bombshell includes Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine singles three numbers and almost balances production. Jazz is a powerful and unique tale while singing becomes a Cleo Laine Show. Another attractive feature is World War II song.
