The biggest American movie was dubbed Elia Kazan. The director's genius was not particularly thriller with no excitement, Kazan had to take his breath, and to be slower and subtle. However, "Paneak in the Streets" is a social thriller, which is even more important today, since it was released until 1950. Immigrant illegal issues, smuggling of people, immediate pests, rapid transmissions around the world of illnesses (Richard Widmark is concerned: "I can be in ten places in any American city and I'm in Africa tomorrow."), Ethnic isolation and gheoism. The worries are more than ever today. This film features a great premiere of the movie Jack Palance and a great work by Barbara Bel Geddes, two knocks of the genius. Richard Widmark is no longer allowed to be a psychopath, and the hero of the town is strong, caring, and lively. Basically, it directs a campaign to stop a New Orleans pneumatic epidemic, which is a serious problem for persuasive policemen and police officers. Within 48 hours, there is a race to find small plagues from illegal immigrant dead, in the face of the city, and always remind us that the whole country is at worst. flu from 1919 An amazing scene that prevents Jack Palance from entering the ship aboard the ship, at the ironic end, reminds us that humans are the worst bearer and bearer in terms of most remembering. . The dramatic scenes of the call at the coffee factory make Hitchcock's climatic invention scenes reverse against most and a spectacular setting. Many nonprofessionals appear in the film, that is, real realism, is called reality. Kazan also drives cameras to places where people really go there, and the rats also thought twice. This film was an important feature of social realism. If more charged thrillers lack electricity, Kazan took so seriously that it could not create hype, ultimately, serious threat to the plague is enough to repel anyone without the need for extra guns and molls. . The title is unfortunate about the film, which gives a false suggestion. But Kazan was not superfluous. He clearly considered that the project was a public obligation, to make the real possibilities known. If these options were only reduced today, but every day, they are getting worse every day. One day, after the plague around the world, this movie could survive as an example of a movie scene that survived, but it was forgotten lessons.
