'Paneak in the Streets (1950)' is more like the British American black man. As Reed's The Third Man (1949) and Dassin's Night and the City (1950), director Elia Kazan mostly shot at detecting a fresh and fast description of New Orleans neighborhoods. In the decision taken by Italian neo-realism masters, he also recruited many non-professional actors to achieve the role of small, real-world landscape. However, other comparisons with neo-realism would be directed; For the "Panic Street" is a melodrama, the best one. The illegal immigrant against the bay has died, pneumatic pests have been infected, the deadly mutation of the bubonic plague, transmitted by humans and humans, with a rate of 100 deaths. %. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), the US Public Health Service, will convince the dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to carry out an open-air manhunt for homicide men who are not responsible for their illness. <br /> <br /> Over the last few years, Wolfgang Petersen's 'Outbreak (1995)' I've found among the most amazing films ever seen. The thriller that awaits the title of "Panic in the Streets" ("Outbreak"}, awaits me because it was so effective that it represented an ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer. What is it about defending itself? Kazan's film is the first of the biological epidemics what this is known), although this difficulty can not be detected for the human eye for an enemy, instead, Jack Palance is used as a human nature of the pestilence, although it is hard to venture into dirty dirty human society, Clinton Reed does not make sense to endanger his life. Some people have stated that Reed had never been inoculated against the pestilence, they were jointly involved with morgue workers. However, there is still a need for infected male killers, who infect their undergrowth in insect infections. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, The black death (nowadays widely) is a terrible world It was immersed in the civilized world, which killed one third of Europe's population; Many identified that destruction was the work of the Devil. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, serves as Satan in human form: the lip's angle can be charming and charismatic from time to time, but it is always a breakthrough; Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel have their two hoodies, fearing, more than anything else, constantly walking on foot. When a fever falls, Blackie concludes that the cousin of the human immigrant should "have to bring something" (irony irresolutely inadvertently) and consequently to know what this precious object is. He puts the dead Poldi arms, a grotesque, pathetic, and disturbing feeling of guilt. Blackie / Satan has finally stopped? Not the authorities, but the burden of his / her infirmity? He tries to climb the cargo bin, the first ship that spreads throughout the whole of Europe.
