Panic In The Streets opens with a tall black style, with a view of a dark street and a camera tilting up to a window, after which it is making a wonderful card game - a flurry of opening, shooting with some locations. Welles brought a small atmosphere a decade later in Touch Of Evil. A player opens the window; It's a good thing to get inside the events and get into the world's first focus. <br /> <br /> Shot on high-contrast black and white, Panic In The Streets is a great advantage because of the powerful cast and even the fine New Orleans shooting location. The scenes of the residence, the office of transporting the office or the scenes of "Frank's Place", in the middle of the whitewashed paintings, offer a special atmosphere, sometimes claustrophobic, impossible in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassinen Naked City two years earlier, focusing on almost style documentary style within the style cycle. In fact, Widmark was also a pre-eminent role in the Dassin film's Night and The City, which was horrified. Joe MacDonald, the favorite of the director, was in the exact area of ​​Panic In The Streets. MacDonald, Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! -K also worked, and three years later he filmed Widmark in Fuller's Pick Up On South Street masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Others have noticed, like some sort of black guy. Films, Kazan's work offers a contrast between street disorder, disease and immorality, with the humble and quiet life of Antorch's home. However, (for example, Lang The The Heat (1953)) destroys the intermediate elements that surround the life of the hero's home life - ultimately, by giving them a greater sense of vigilance and feeling - Panic in the Streets considered Reed's upswing It has within the limits of being a "day" for work. Despite the danger, he eventually returns to his family justified and happy. We have at least recovered our social value by at least one of its professionalism and its cunning abilities. <br /> <br /> Of course, this imbalance is created by crime and disease. Both are closely related to this film. Cobra (1986) reminds a story that is much worse. There, "Crime is a disease. Know how to cure", the analogy in the context is clear, it is also very annoying to social constraints. At its peak, while trying to reach Blackie aboard, the images give rats a lot like criminals, but a threat to society's health. Blackie thinks her friends reluctantly find cheap rooms and docks, when they are looking for something they suspect, without knowing exactly what they are, 'plague' and 'Blackie' resonate with each other in their minds. , adding it with more links. Ironically, Blackie is correctly correct about "unwanted cousin Poldi's evil cousin" - though, in the end, he has not been able to sell or steal it. The logical hypothesis that concerns Blackie's police usually does not have an annoying ring of an illegal immigrant is that it has a ring ring, so that the disorder is understandable. <br/> <br /> Dr. Reed loves home and, even in society, is a true noir hero. The main knowledge of gender is only a man that walks away, as a man forced to go beyond the boundaries of the law. On his way, Reed is forced to move into his own hands, for the sake of society, especially the film's dimension, taking into account the controversial personal history of Kazan's director. The director demonstrated before the evil HUAC, naming communists and assistant travelers. He describes his films as suspicious and suspects manipulation of the press, since the public good is justifying means. These actions could be the echoes of the director's feelings of the time, accepting the McCarthyite witch hunt and the abolition of civil rights, according to the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In times of terrorist threats and state response, the issues that appear in the film are surprisingly modern. <br /> <br /> The dramatic scenes of the film stand out as such by Blackie. the alleged smuggling of his cousin. Like Cat, Blackie walks her victim through the room, eventually forgiving the condemned man lying on the bed, holding Poldi's fever in his hands - cradling striking, evil. It is a wreath that emphasizes intimate character of corruption, whether it is moral or physical. Apparently, the actors did their own stunts or all, when they eventually led to many dramatic scenes, police and health authorities came under attack by criminals. In a slippery crawl, half crawl in half has been able to crawl to make Palantin an uncomfortable experience, but the sequence adds to its immediate immediacy. <br /> <br /> Sometimes fewer conventional items alert the viewer. Apparently, it is apparent that Reed needs little security for national emergency in the country. Perhaps surprisingly, he never inoculated himself - inviting a dramatic turn that never happens. At the end of the film, the potential epidemic has stopped, all contacts are placed a bit too much. However, this weakness exceeds well-being that exceeds the current widespread competitive eye-catching movie.
