It's as important as Casting, Direction and Performance is as important as knowing when to finish a movie. And it's nice to understand a director / script right away. In the time of the 82-minute trial, 10 EDULETS OR MINUTES MAY not extend the story, in different subjects. It's focused, funny, dull and well thought out. "Him" joins The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK) as he travels to a supermarket in a supermarket. Having realized that a star is in the car, The Kid pressed on his film to talk about his lack of speech in recent years. He did not arrive very well, because he has not been away, he is shooting an indie film ("I do not decide to accept it if I decide, I will accept it". Part. ") The relatives of the director who participates in The Kid indie venture He is soon thrown into the center of Nowheresville, stuck, he decides to study local market, which immediately records Scarlet (Paz Vega) and has ten or less elements: he is a beautiful but intelligent, he uses the main subject of his research for his independent film For the next roles, the number calculates so quickly and why he knows the curiosities of all the members of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he does not only use Scarlet, he helps him to enter., life, they travel together with the car's car and learn how to play a new job and how to dress to achieve success , even though Target plays a role as a local costume. This is surely one of the funniest moments we're playing for, the chain store that shows the lack of understanding of the retail world ("these shirts are only $ 12! How is it possible ?!") ending at the beginning of this review, violently It is but it is proposed. It is impossible that these two friends never leave friends, even if they make up a special link. Then they say goodbye and they both are the other. Scarlet's clunker car is the quiet but exciting moment in the car L.A. while staying out of the palace. <br /> <br /> This is an independent production that loses little time. And it's not your time to miss.
