If they are only seventy-five minutes, this 2006, small and wrong dramedy is just two sketches, but limits its limits. In the southern part of Los Angeles, a place that is hardly described, this story is irrelevant, but like Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation" movie, it's about two strangers who accidentally encounter the movie, find a common bond and go. life is returning to dark life. Also, it helps significantly that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega are playing. In the end, free screens and freedoms that have not become a big screen, Freeman seems comparatively liberated as self-indulgent film as a star. His character has been promoted to the Low Car Rental store in Carson. In it, he will be able to investigate the role he plays in an indie movie. <br /> <br /> She has been embarrassed for a few years without work. While watching our DVD movies, it is his ego, such as the fear of watching and imitating the shop staff. His fascination is especially Scarlet, an avid worker in Spain, and a definitive example of efficiency that is going down the line. He has a conversation with a secretariat in a building company, but his lack of security seems to know his options. Like the sister of Penelope Cruz in Amazonia, the beautiful Vega (some of James L. Brooksen's "Spanglish", "unchanging" of James L. Brooks) is a realistic and realistic relief of Scarlet. He and Freeman play very well throughout the story, that is, it only stays in the grocery store, but also in Target, Arby and cleaning at the entire service. There is nothing happening with the earth except for those who see how the resonance of optional meetings is made. <br /> <br /> Silberling maintains a simple procedure, but production also reflects a specialized work in Phedon Papamichael's vivid cinematography. "Sideways"), and the prolific point of Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("God's City"). Bobby Cannavale (Scarlet's husband and wife) and the latter are similar to Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a strange funny Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up"). Jim Parsons ("Garden State" Knight) as a recipient. DVD 2007 includes extra-curricular documentary "15 days or less", aimed at film students and performing a 103-minute marathon; six extended scenes; Silberling, Freeman and Vega, in the center of Target, a clear-minded three-way conversation; and a few couple announcing exactly the DVD.
