I'm a freelance at Morgan Freeman. "The Shawshank Redemption" is among my favorite moments. But I must admit that I have often asked about choosing roles. So many of his headlines did not have high budgets without heart. The return of '10 Items or Less' for me by Markeman Freeman actually translates to his outstanding active talents. <br /> <br /> Unnamed Freeman formerly a big Hollywood actress who did not work for several years. . LA is conducting some research on a food research in a native village. After canceling his awesome drivers, Freeman offers a walk in the box at Scarlet (Paz Vega). Before leaving home, Scarlet has a great deal of work, and Freeman commits herself to exchange the route. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several places. But the movie is an interaction between characters. Freeman Target is the main inequality in Hollywood, and he does not know his phone number, or what day of the day. Dalai Lama sheds light on wisdom through a world-wide mentality, and repeatedly calls the Scarlet interview for the "audition." However, it has a way to people, a way of influencing their reputation. It's a fan of humanity. He studies, asks about them and others get sad. She watched Scarlet, lonely and proud; He saw he was a man he saw. Vega plays a role that is closely related to Freeman, which makes the line between physical happiness and physical attractiveness, although it is beautiful and is not at all passionate. But as it does, Freeman feels that Scarlet influences the reality of their different worlds and Freeman's Hollywood bullfight, with pragmatism that does not want to accept anything more than truth. /> It is a smart, fun and well-written movie that is easy and effective. As I read a review on the IMDb, I was told they were wrinkled lines, that is, the human speech is a misinterpretation of realism. There is little soliloquy here, no deep breath. And so I think it's a trick, to show how people can get in touch with each other in everyday life. And I think that Freeman and Vega are beautifully drawn, drawing a link between two people that is in the sun, etheric and elusive. After a long time, he lives in your memories, which attracted something that you could. Ok, it was a bit of a flower, but I really liked the performances and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
