Barbra Streisand's first special TV show continues to be in the history of entertainment in any media. It is divided into three different actions (to minimize commercial breaks), Streisand has made a great courage to take the decision to drop the typical format of the varieties of the time (this is why there is no guest star, not necessarily full) and take it. full spectacle only on shoulders. Dangerous movement has helped tremendously, because MY NAME IS BARBRA has set a new standard for television programming for music. <br /> <br /> It has been shot in black and white with glory (because it shows the effectiveness of the show). MY NAME IS BARBRA is perfect and understandable. However, the show is really transcendent by Streisand himself. So watching 23-year-old actors through their show's 55-minute duration is not thrilling. It's a wonderful voice (even though it does the first and third live performances) and it gives you the first evidence of tremendous power that will immediately follow the big screen. <br /> <br /> Streisand is the most active player on stage and daring to sing the great songs. After the opening of "Much More", he began with the short film called "My Name Is Barbara", by Leonard Bernstein, and will also be studying at a multidisciplinary studio, making a classic version of Disney "I am Late." In the verses of "I'm Late", Streisand stays in several levels to sing wonderful songs ("Make Believe") and "How of the Wine Taste?" In the midst of the act, Barbra returns to her childhood "A Kid Again", and then performs very fast performances of "Five's" and "Sweet Zoo" while in the midst of a large group. The excitement eventually breaks down, however, Streisand finds out of fantasy and returns to reality in the world. Then she sings about childhood innocence, where is "Wonder"? Streisand then promotes a staged platform surrounded by a full-length musician and performs a popular "People" performance before a great applause of a live studio studio. <br /> <br /> Special II. The law starts with Streisand's study aimed at studying a comic monologue called "Gothic Studio" before performing an "I got the blues" campaign. Streisand walks to Bergman Goodman's main stores, which makes it possible to sing a mix of poverty songs in the store with some exquisite fashion shops. This segment is most notable for many fans and critics. There are some minor aspects of Act II which are heard by Streisand as a Latin tone called "Nobody Knows You When You Down and Out", a listening to the limited version of "Second Hand Rose". paperboy, while mugging "Brother, Can Spare a Dime". The third special event is a live concert, it's not a piece or concept. Streisand is a truly successful performing artist, and this segment is a special moment. Streisand defies gravity as "When the Sun Comes Out" and views the audience with a beautiful version of THE YEARLING ballad "Why did you choose" Lover Come Performance to "? Made up of three songs called My" and FUNNY GIRL " a basket Streisand really surpasses himself, however, with "My Man" interpreting the standard "My Man" standard of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday, he soon became one of the most famous singer songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand makes his ballad immortal. The "Happy Days Are Here Again" version like the credits that are on the left side of the screen. The signing of the number sign confirms that the viewer has really seen something special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a great success when it first appeared on the air and eventually received an Emmy Award for Top Five's Gold-seller soundtrack. Seeing all this again, it's not surprising.
