I could not help feeling that it could be a bigger movie than that. The script is very intelligent and seems like a reminder of more than seven years. Not changing the story. I think, above all, thanks to cinematography. I was the only one to get the cinematography movie. On the other hand, pausing was absolutely the point. Those who worked for editing really did the work well. And I thought Bill Paxton made a brilliant work of director. Now out of technical things ... <br /> <br /> This movie gave me a loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! At the same time, I really felt that when Bill Paxton was crazy, Adam finally led the FBI agent to Rose Garden to bury the organizations and to show him, I threw it. I suspected the first part of this transformation, but it really thrown me when I was touched by the agent and killed an agent when he saw his mother, and Adam also sees Adam again (without a word, without touching) and asks him how he knew. My dilemma was not another idea, but almost a compelling idea was that this man and his father were not stupid, but they actually chose "bad", in some way knowing their sins and crimes. I do not want to take a look at my eye, so I could believe that the movie was doing the work of God. Instead, I thought they were superficial, and that the father came out from one day to the other, and things that his children gave him to his children were definitely disturbed. That was my interpretation, but the film's iniquity was like the house of the cards and a constant circle and what was sitting was a direct interpretation of disturbing events. Certainly, one of those films that I would like to meet with the writer is, therefore, I could ask what was a real meaning. Been sick and psychotic? They were just telepathic and that's why they took the license? Or did they look like God? If so, God or the devil were hiding in God. My friends and I talked all over the night we found out what and what the filmmakers thought they answered when they tried to answer this movie. <br /> <br /> Along with some totally annoying and thought-out movies it is very disturbing but it's definitely not a sensationalist. It's not a perfect movie, but, of course, it's the same. With Bill Paxton and Fenton's child it was a great job as a director. I hope that it has not dropped in the uterus union, it seems to be a promise. I voted for this great vote for most of the components that make up a movie, but I would like to vote on it if I do not have something (although I can not determine it) if it was not off. They were, the movie would go to a higher level. However, a definitive recommendation, especially for those who are inquisitive.
