Frailty is a non-gory horror film, which gets her fear, introducing a deceit / obsession of a man completely depraved. Father (we never know his name) is a gentle and loving man, who only sows his children after his death, when the youngest son Adam is born. The world of the family is revolutionizing one night when my father enters the boys' room and tells them that God gives them an insight. And what perspective? The whole family's work is to destroy demons because it is disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> From this premise, the movie is not following. Does the father have ordered the gods to destroy God? He has kidnapped the devil, binds them, handles his hand to see a vision of his evil, and then kills them? Seeing his young children. Fenton, an older boy, is horrified, he sees only the father who will become a murderer. Adam is younger, uncomfortable, but believes that his father continues to desire God. In the end, his father leads his children to take missions to kidnap the "devil" in his father's list, and eventually invite him to participate in the whole family of God. <br /> <br /> This is not you, you understand, my dear father. She loves her children. Only God's instructions continue: "This is our job now, son. We have to do that." Fento, due to his horror and conviction for his father, should report to the police, his father explains: "If you do that, son, I will die. The angel was clear about that." The pressure undergone by the children is overwhelming and tragic, and their whole life is worsened. (1) The film structure is similar to The Usual Suspects: a story in a flashback, a police officer told an FBI agent. The bright day, the stormy weather, and the harsh backdrop of today's calm. I thought that the fear that happened was just a story, until I remembered the real parallel life of Andrea Yates, I was struck by Satan, who was aware of it and could save his children. However, I wanted to believe in the human tragedy, but I wanted to believe that it was a story of divine payments. <br /> <br /> The movie, however, did not give me comfort. father's veracity truthfulness And this, like some plots, posed a problem to me. Regardless of the accuracy of the father's views, regardless of the evil committed by the victim, where does an author's death as an angel come from? (1) Roger Ebert's review, 12/12/12
