Richard Attenborough's film directors have featured biographies of great historical figures such as "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is a biographical biography of a historical character, but in this case Attenborough's subject is much darker. <br /> <br /> It was a writer from the 1920s and 1930s that promoted the idea of ​​Gray Owl. With regard to the environment and nature conservation, these days were not less fashionable. He was considered an American American; He told himself that his story was born in Mexico with a father and mother of Scotland and emigrated to Canada and he was taken as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a remote shoreline in the Canadian desert. He lived there as a trapper. He traveled in Great Britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to lecture on his book promotion and conservation, and he achieved great success even when he entered the Royal Family. (In one of these tracks Attenborough, later a teenager, saw Gray Owl in the London Palladium theater). However, after his death in 1938, he revealed that he did not know who he was; His real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in English from the Hastings maritime town. <br /> <br /> The movie moves away from Gray Owl's stuff. He says he is 41 years old in a scene that was created in 1934. Actually, he was born in 1888, so that 46 were the same year. (It was 46 when Pierce Brosnan's film was made, so I do not know why this change was made). Gray's Owl's life (1934-1938) has been compounded by several events over the past four years. In the film, during this time, he called Gertrude Bernard Anahareo and married. Actually, in 1925 Gertrude met and married. He also said that the film was divorced in 1936 and that gray Owl was re-married to his death. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl's real identity was revealed. He was renowned for his reputation as a "scam". He was used to refuse the alleged reasons for his alleged fraud. Richard Attenborough, however, takes a more solid view of his accomplishments. One of the issues discussed by the film is the subject of ethnic identity. Although Archibald Belaney was native to the Indian Canadian, he was certainly deeply acquainted with the culture and tradition of Ojibwe, and the language was easily spoken. Ojibway accepted his tribe as a member. So it seems unsuspectful that describing North American Personal Identity's identity is fraudulent, it only chose a personality rather than a nationally born one. <br /> <br /> According to the film, Gray Owlen's wife, Gertrude, was from India, but was a family that assimilated herself to white culture in Canada. His marriage, therefore, is to claim the original cultural heritage of his family. He had a significant impact on his husband, but he was very influential to persuade him to work as a skin-robbery, with moral objections to kill his skin. <br /> <br /> A criticism. In the film, Pierce Brosnan is the "miscast" hero, and it seems that Brosnan's first supposed criticism could only play heroes of action in James Bond. It seems, however, that Brosnan may be deliberately preventing the writing of this role, away from a sophisticated and sophisticated agent of Gray Owl's silent hot taco. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have been deliberately compelling when the role appeared in "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan has a very good role in this role, but I would agree with Annie Galipeau as weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> I would not agree with other critics because the movie is "boring." "Certainly no action-movie like Bonds, or epic biographies like" Gandhi, "may seem to be boring to those who were expecting to be one or the other. But it may well be that someone would like the interested party at the start of the careless movement or Philosophical conclusions of national and ethnic identity The scenes of the Canadian forests are also very well photographed, Richard Attenborough has made us a service that has helped us to become interested in half-forgotten but fascinating.
