There is no weakness to history than to misrepresent it. This takes the easiest and most natural way, portraying it as a monster. It shows only its negative side, which is excessive. "Those who are unknown in the past will repeat it". He was a human being. This may be tough to accept people, but they face an important part of their lives. More than human demonization, we need to understand it. Otherwise, we are not similar in any future, or even today, as opposed to anything else remotely comparable, as damages and miseries. He hated him and did what he did, did not do something mythical, intentionally or otherwise. Actually, after this scene of a much more "dumb * duuum * dumb *!" Series of mini-series, the whole thing holds, encourages and draws attention to the audience, with the clear message "evil man or what he was", which includes every ill feature (and who and what was actually done directly), leaving more than or less than others, and there is no constant belief in being over the course of his life, which he never claimed or used. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English ) and perhaps some of the accuracy of these, that is to say, the real events that took place, and survived, that is to say, the dead, the quality of the film Top-Notch, the production values ​​are well-done and fair, It is a solid arc in the well-defined plot, what characterization is strong and compelling, dialogue and script are great, all performances are masters (Carlyle looks at the role and jokes it comes out ... as it was written ... perfectly), music is well-composed, cinematography and editing are the perfect and creative, and this is definitely dramatic, entertaining and wonderful. They get many dates and events and do justice. If I offered to work for it, and if I felt that Hitler was not enough to appear as a proud person, I would not deny it, as it was a reason. I do not blame anyone hating him. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure what we need? This is not what I'm suggesting. Finally, let's emphasize that, as I am writing, we are in a two-year economic crisis around the world, which is not quite different with the fall of the stock market in 1929. The depression of the new millennium is that the government gives banks money to advance the market, and most of the countries are mutually respectful. In addition, the lesson was not learned. Fortunately now it's. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, not fiction, about the subject. There are many smart information available. The DVD has a trailer. I only recommend it to those who know it better, and to look for the truth that anyone who is in charge of watching it. 8/10
