In the film of Christian Duguay, Hitler: The rise of evil, the success of Hitler's life and politics is shown in a successful manner, minor historical defects and excesses. A Hollywood movie is quite important because the main purpose of production is income from the movie. However, some of those viewers who think that these errors may be considered by the books, I think most of them fit perfectly with all the movies, making them more interesting. We should not forget that this movie is not a documentary. Who cares about how his dog was. <br /> <br /> In the whole film, Hitler is very angry and is very ideal for his ideals. But he was not depicted as super-evil, but as an ambitious politician. I think this is a pretty view, because the movie is not infected by negative emotions, and that's why the movie was somewhat objective. He was both crazy and his methods were rough, but he was still no longer a man, quite like madness, like "Inglorious Bastards". I think this movie has become a realistic one with a few accents in historical events. <br /> <br /> The flow of history is well visible to the audience. Although the movie was around Hitler, we could see what was happening in the country as a result of these events, through the public debates and songs of Jewish cabaret. He also reflected the reaction of society, but it was very limited. Fritz Gerlich, the fighter of the journalist and the ironic theater that is performed at the cabaret, was fun and interesting, but that was all. In most cases, followers watched the streets and encouraged him. <br /> <br /> Another thing missing in the film is information about the origin of the anti-Jewish hatred. At the beginning of the film, some ideas were given about it, but they were relatively shallow. Suddenly, he was a politician talking about Jewish extermination discourses. It's not a disgrace. If there are directors who change the history of money, it is an interesting movie that captures Hitler's identity in a successful way.
