The final episode of the third season of Star Trek is brilliant and highlights the great contradiction of the last season. In essence, Spock, McCoy and Kirk Sarpeidon go down in the face of a huge library and Atoz, the librarian's presence. 3 All the Trek's characters will soon go on a journey-time machine at different times in the past of Sarpeidon. Spock gives a compelling performance with Ice Age Vulcan, in the direction that Zarabeth falls in love with Kirk while reversing his unhappy time travels - see "The Edge of the City" - after escaping from the witchcraft and going back into the wilderness, Sarpeidon's presence . In the end, only 3 minutes from the 3 Trek characters are stored in Beta Niobe around Sarpeidon. The company distributes itself as a star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner observes in the book "Star Trek Memories", this concept was a source of some confusion because Leonard Nimoy did not give him any reason. In the script of Lisette, Spock played so emotionally. Nimoy sent directly to the executive producer Fred Freiberger, because Vulcanians did not fall in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger argued that the ice age settings allowed Spock to experience emotions at that time when Vulcan still had a more logical situation. This was an excellent example of improvisation in the Freiburg section, to store a script that was much larger than the average for this event. Shatner emphasized that the quality of the script has been overtaken by Spock artistically over the third season, as his character forced a "donkey header in Plato's" as a donkey, with music by Hippies in "Way of the Eden" or sometimes showing emotion. Here it was more believable. Spock's remarkable performance was that Freiberger was well admitted by Shatner. (P. 272). The only visible hole in the soil, because Spock and McCoy traveled for thousands of years, McCoy also had to return to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. However, this mistake is forgiving, in many other shows of the season, taking into account the excellent performances of Spock / McCoy and the originality of the script. Who could think that the current inhabitants of Sarcomeo would have escaped the fate of his condemned in the past? This is definitely a really inspired story when we're expecting the best 'Classic Trek'. <br /> <br /> Shatner has named the "Best Quality and Good Quality Show" of the same name, Enterprise Enterprise Incident for the 3rd season, Dove of the Dove, There is in Truth No Beauty, Tholian Web . , And children Lead and Paradise Syndrome. (P. 273) My personal opinion is a serious problem for "And children who will take it" in the 'Problem in beauty beauty', "all our Yesterdays" certainly goes into the three-star list of the season. Trek TOS movies. I have given 10 to 10 'All our Yesterdays'.
