Time travel is unusual: instead of traveling to the past of the Earth, the main trio is stuck in the past history of the planet. They descend to this planet, the sun is scheduled for 3 or 4 hours of sunlight (it shuts down!). In one of the futurist libraries, they know Mr. Atoz (A-Z, ha-ha) and his duplicates. That is why the destruction of the planet is often forced to flee through space travel, the inhabitants have escaped in the first stages of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a machine of time to send people on the road, after the selection (see the records we see here, CDs and DVDs, another Trek forecast!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (Atavachron-what-sis), Kirk's intense listens to the female scream and the Earth's seventeenth. It enters the version of the century planet, it enters into a sword fight and arrests it by witchcraft. We are an eccentric, but well-known actress who plays eminent female actors at this time, using a timeline ("... you're a good toy! Witch! Witch! They'll have to smoke ...!"). Spock and McCoy continue to Kirk, but eventually in ice, 5000 years earlier. <br /> <br /> Kirk has first returned to the library. The real story is that Spock's ancestors came back to the barbarian, Vulcan ancient times around 5,000 years ago. This makes no sense, except that this time machine might be responsible for this change (however, Spock and McCoy were not 'trained', Atoz - yes, it seems that Spock also caused a transition - almost immediately - he mentions Million light years away, instead of hundreds or thousands of pieces, it's a serious mistake for logical Vulcan. In spite of everything, Spock shows his evil side. Forget "Day of the Dove" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy immediately He finds out that his brother Vulcan does not get his usual baiting and that he gets almost his face. Spock also comes up with Zarabeth, a beautiful woman who was exiled to death in this cold past (a couple of Spree's son Trek novels, the result of that syndicate), all of which are open-minded, reminiscent of how much Spock clears or keeps, and it's ironic only a few episodes ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy's Spock He told them how he would never know. The pain of love - and now everything happens. Kirk, on the other hand, works with Atoz people of the past, suggests that Kirk encourages the retreat from one past era ("Maniac Maniacean You"). In the end everything works fine, but as I mentioned earlier, they are very close. A clean little adventure with a cosmic troupe.
