Steven Spielberg produced, he wrote, directed the episodes of Amazing Stories and created the ideas that he directed, so that, definitely, would this ever be the best anthology? Unfortunately wrong Some wonderful episodes, but often they are not bags. In fact, that could have been a fall, it was very mixed. Some episodes were lightweight comedies, some were dramas, some were frightened and animated, that is, in the 80's, a similar version of Twilight Zone (which was also around). <br /> <br /> Normally I would like to have a mix of stories in an anthology show, but they did not work here altogether. Some of the most fantastic dramatic events would be better for them to be shown later on the Lifetime network, "Ghost Train", as Spielberg's own episode. In this section, he gave them a message of hope and gave us a fantastic story, but in general it was just a construction for the end, I did not attack away. Scenes of horror worked better than drama, but they were much more dramatic and watching was tiring. Wisely, this anthology had some great stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Yankovich and others are known in the shows episodes. It's fun to watch popular actors in nearly every series episode. They also had excellent directors like Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. I'd recommend it more to the director than to any other 80's fans. <br /> <br /> Stunning stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, occasionally mediocre, and occasionally true puddles. came out But this show is nostalgic for me, and it's so fun to sit down in boring afternoons and see some passages. John Williams's show's music theme captures the head of music. <br /> <br /> My rating: a good show. 30 min. per section. TVPG
