Honestly, I was hoping to hate it, and I only really saw Jenna Jameson right there ... but I have to say that a shot is EVIL BREED. A group of university students and their teachers make a "rural trip" to Ireland. Their lodgings are close to the woods, where strange things happen and the tourists disappear without a trace. The birth control team has warned that the caregiver does not penetrate the woods, but the stupid characters of the B-movie are, of course, they do not pay attention and pay their mistakes ... First, there's a lot wrong with EVIL BREED. The play / interview is pretty weak, and my main concern is that a movie with Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes does not have to be free to show in more than one place. Excess hyped, about a total of about 2 minutes on the screen. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show the skin and it's worse than ever. The final scene of the film does not make any sense and the film is ending. Apart from these management, there are some good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain both are initially sent to the end, which ends with the naked Trumpy Chasey, and Chasey's shots move out of the middle (it does not appear on the screen as it ends up in that way) ... it's not bad in the first 5 minutes. The other dead scene is quite inventive, including the removal of Jenn's breast implant. It's getting a colon out of the ass, a knife on the face, and others. Implants and colon scenes are in special features, but it is shameful to say the producers. Additionally, the movie moves with a pretty clip when it's moving, so you do not have too much time to get bored. The "creatures" are made with FX, which definitely helps. In general, NO BREED was not very little as I expected. This, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, my small budgets have been upgraded to new videos directly. In general, I'm away from them, but these are enough to give them a decent faith. MALDIA is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to last for 90 minutes - maybe you're not getting hurt while you are sucking a cheap bubble bottle - I know it and I'm not hurt. experience 7.5 / 10
