The Hong Kong director for Hollywood-directed films is not new, Tsui Hark, John Woo and Ringo Lam have liked the temporary exodus in the 90's. From their collective exit, I only say a few films (or maybe I can say a single one?). Andrew Lau and Alan Mak have been the tour of force in the last HK film, especially when the current Infernal Affairs trilogy was confirmed by Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's not surprising that Hollywood has gone to the door . /> <br /> But Mak, without a collaborative assistant, has script / story roles, how did Lau Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell write? It's like X-Files without X, how the story is, how the characters and the cartoon drawn by the series Chris Carter. Richard Gere and Claire Danes join David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson as they are not just a federal investigator, but they are the Babysitter Services staff. The jurisdictions are kept outside society, when they are released after serving. That is why the shepherds are targeted for their flock, because their flocks tend to be affected by malignant sexually transmitted diseases. <br /> <br /> Parallelism of characterization is so evident. exterior Like Fox Mulder, Gere Erroll Babbage is a curious and lonely man who consume his obsession with sharpening his flock. As a result of an attempt to save the missing child, Mulder would draw her sister's nonsense, supported by Babbage colleagues and disguised as a retirement plan. He is tired of the people he has followed, his ill-treatment of crimes and what they say, that he has not had any problems with the use of non-orthodox methods, will be outside the handguns while protecting him from illegal punishment. At the same time, he also has strong impetus that he must fight to prevent the line from becoming hated. In the routine, he also examines newspapers and tabloids, who collect traces and seek their purpose, to seek closure, who believes in the salvation and truth that is still there and believes in it. > <br /> Danes' Allison Lowry is a contribution to substitute Babbage. Meanwhile, in the next 18 days if you are studying the work of the ropes, it is necessary to spy out and report its dizziness, similar to Dana Scully's to do with Fox Mulder. The belief of prediction and the return of those who returned to society in their temptations, which Babbag sees slowly starts and understands much more than just a whole board and an administrative one. If the work wants to really help people. <br /> <br /> And this is the discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sex activities, when we open our eyes, similar to that of Nicolas Cage's 8mm theater shorts. get into focus It's a decent research drama with common herbs, and for me, it's really good, you often think your guesswork is right and you'll soon find it wrong in the bush. Although I do not accept a close narrative, but with more character figures (with Avril Lavigne's authority) and more sub-plot. The dying scene in Se7en's attack on the apartment in John Doe's resemblance to David Somerset and William Somerset was found to be faster and faster, although here, he was not much left behind for what he said. <br /> <br /> Apparently, Flock decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was good enough, although the style was not strange, it was too deep to try to see another seed just by using all the tricks of the book and only regenerate it. Brown, full of tension, than black misfortune and darkness. It's a bit necessary to get acquainted with it, and I put that effect on what deflects the story. However, it's not a good move, with a little flashback scene. <br /> <br /> But Flock still makes decent entertainment, even though X-philes may be hard to draw from their favorite actors. The protagonists, very similar in nature. Gerek and Danes offer some chemicals in the form of an old fik (heh) and its protector, and it's not very great, though Andrew Lau got some extra pleasure.
