I really like Richard Gere ... I've always been and later it seems that the Hollywood star and money have gone down the winnings status, but I think the reason is that it's very mature and very lively and that's why it's been very successful not only financially, the gems I've seen later The Hoax, The Hunting Party (I have to watch both of them) See my reviews) and now this was Flock apparent. big big note considering 35 million + quote. Other reviews of the IMDb seem to be very, very hard, because the film can have serious social problems because it is very straightforward, violent and disturbing, and I think that Gerek leads home. The action is a thriller drama, and I'm stuck with the TV. I think that part of the problem with people is a very serious problem in Hollywood, but I do not think that in any case it does not make any discounts, but instead tries to go on a different direction so that people are aware of it. Indeed, the Hunting Party is in the same way as with the war. The director of Hong Kong, Wai-keung Lau, did a good job, but I think I've stopped watching cast. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere has just invented the comments as a social worker. Erroll Babbage has created his own style and laws for the continuation of the "Flock" violations of sexual offenders. It is not possible for people to track them, keep track of them and make sure they do not reveal themselves, and if so, they will be able to identify and stop everything they can. Gere is so intense and looks like a result of this work and turns the monsters into violent and angry when they see themselves loose on the street. It's fantasy Claire Danes is also an excellent Babbage new partner and training to replace her. The nature of Danes is a much more common social worker, and he is a bit more aware of Babbage's style and methods, but slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and oppose. Both are exquisite together and have different characters with incredible chemistry. KaDee Strickland creates an accusation as the character that reminds the holder of the headlines, as a character who reminds Karla Homolka (a wife of Paul, now away), for those who follow the Canadian series killers. It exceeds its character a bit, but it is convincing and horrible at the same time. Russell Sams plays a small role in the new role of Strickland and is likely to play a greater role. Ray Wise is a great actor character (look at it with Dead End as well as Satan himself's awesome turn-around WB show Reaper), and has a small but good role for the Head of the Public Security Department and Babbag's chief. . <br /> <br /> The movie is not perfect, though it is a great lead piece. Freedom is a pretty educator who tries to prefer education, but unlike Nicholas Cage 8MM, it's just another angle. The herd will be included in sexual trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and other things, and you only see. It may not have been corrected or written, but Danes and Gerek is a totally visible and very thriller. It is disturbing, but it is also something that is not very complex. Gerek also has a very complex nature with many layers and social stigma, and in many ways looks after Gerek's attention. I do not see bad comments and watch you watch it, because it's worth seeing. 8.5 / 10
