I searched for this movie because I'm a new Frain fan and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish accent is great. Dialogue ear seems to be. His work was wonderful, as usual. Aside from James Frain, I thought the movie was very good. The Northern Ireland conflict showed that it was really wrong. Both sides have serious injustices and the men involved in the conflict usually have little to say about their situation. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) is not. He believes that fighting with his country really does * just * that. For example, Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he "does", Ginger can not tolerate a morally acceptable response. Why? Ginger does not support the protection of his country or the reason for the noble protection of his Protestant rights ... Ginger is the fun to kill. She's full of bloodthirsty, and a job like her is perfect. In such a fight, men like Liam (John Lynch) want to live their daily lives and enjoy their family ... the boys who see all the fights create more fights. There are men born like Kenny who are full of charism, and they add fuel to flames, but rather they mean it or not. In addition, Kenny truly believes in "cause." He believes that doing so will make a difference in the future ... because something is strange, his character seems intelligent. But it seems like many other seemingly intelligent men absorb the gang's lifestyle, though it does not realize ... until it's too late. Ginger, however, is a psycho psyche who is not struggling, for any other reason, but because of a faster emotion, it becomes an active asset in a kind of war, some may argue. However, in this movie, Ginger deserves to survive, and loose canoes have become very dangerous. <br /> <br /> Everything goes to the point of boiling and, before, the end is tragic. This film deserves the two sides of the ancient conflict. As an American, I can not fully understand every fight. But I know it's the best way to be. <br /> <br /> Every movie is well-functioning, polluting ... but awful.
