"What is love? What is our desire for our hearts? Is not it the sweetest flower? Is not this flower of love with a fragrant scent of fine diamonds? Does the wind love dirt? You know nothing. Is it you tonight? Do not ask your love, take your lover manually, release the power within yourself Listen to yourself, release the power, turn your heavens full of passion, do not be shy, get everything done and make your ass Leon Phelps "Tim When Meadows created the SNL playboy scene, Leon Phelps, I cringed. By listening to his proud and strenuous comments, I felt a trembling trembling trembling. I used the click function several times, beloved readers. <br /> <br /> So, when the cable came in the version of "The Ladies Man", I made my comments and made the button again. But the day comes, gray and laughter, "there's nothing" in any of the 100 channels ... sigh. Yes ?? Were there any pain in my cable subscribers? watch or turn off the TV! It was there, Leon Phelps, smiling and ... laughing! What happened? Did I refuse to smoke at Hollywood "wandering"? I was disappointed to prevent my sacred throne from abdicating? Actually, I'd like more than "Ladies Man". A story about an incredible playboy that faces women's sensitivity against feminist sensitivities. <br /> <br /> What happened to SNL as a skit was before Leon and his playboy philosophy story about Through life "helping people" resolves their sexual conflicts. "I'm a mother of Boning Teresa," she tells Julie (Karyn Parsons), a producer of her friend and suffering in her radio show "The Ladies Man." And he's not joking. By breaking heart and leaving angry spirits, Leon gets the habit of breakfast for all of Chicago. For this reason, such a good will is the calling card during your lifetime. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaiming, "In the way of experts, in love", he managed himself many problems with husbands and boys. Lance (Will Ferrell), one of these spousal victims, creates the victims of "Ass Smiling of Victims, USA", asking us to capture our lovable Don Juan. "Yes, we will be our revenge," he crunches at his cohorts, dancers' dance show. <br /> <br /> In addition, Billy Dee Williams is very pleased to see Lester, a bar owner. and the gentle narrator of Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a pile of cash. (Where did it hide?) But did I choose this movie as my Valentine's Day option? Leon transforms deeply into looking for simple lives, that is to say, I was forced to push "Women". Next to the movie, finding a real happiness with a woman, although she offers her extravagant advice, is a dream thing!
