Sometimes they get lucky and have a hand (Wayne's World, the first one, not the second one). But most of them have doubts (Pat is pretty much at home). This time Tim Meadows is The Ladies Man. This movie will fall somewhere between a hit and a blank one. It's been a lot of fun in the first 20 minutes, but as the SNL usually happens, it starts to slow down, before it's over, as it should be. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio show DJ The Ladies Man at night. It responds to any question related to sex and relationships, usually in the worst way possible. Everything seems to end up falling at the bottom. After the throw-in button by the station, Leon has been thrown away with the producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) and has to find another job. Out of random blue, one of her original ladies is one of the letters. The letter offers wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem not signed by the letter. So Leon needs to find all women to find her dream girl. Sometimes, as he says in the movie Billy Dee Williams, the woman of your dreams stands in front of you. Likewise, wives / sisters also have a sub-plot of boys who have slept with Leon and want to know who they are first (through a tattoo with his anatomy) and then kill him. A lot of guys is a leader, a surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First of all, I thought the subplots were quite slogans. Songs and songs were totally insignificant. I like Will Ferrell, but here it's never for me to click. And the rest of the boys were constantly marking themselves, and eventually they decided that the wives / girlfriends were to blame them for their fault. So back the main story. The story is basically based on Leon and sex. So if you do not like Leon's character, you will not like the movie. His voice, his mannerism, his film of dialogue. I'm not a fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought that SNL actors were good. The only thing I really liked was Ladies Man's challenge. However, the best thing about them, who was usually responsible for the guests (remembering Cameron Diaz?), Were short. About 5 minutes, it was quite fun. And here, about 20 minutes, it's really fun. As I thought it was a good character of the film, it remained in character. He had never bowed from him to reach his will. Until this transformation is over, and the current conference is going to link things. In addition, it was quite good to keep Leon Leon like it, and it was less than it was. Could not invent a lot of substance in this movie. But as I said before, it seemed very funny at the beginning of the movie. Some laugh at great times about sex and cruelty. This movie, of course, and the problem with most SNL spin offsals is that it is supposed to be characters that can appear in a few minutes. It is very difficult to extend the concept in 80 minutes. This difficulty, of course, why they needed the sub-plot, without this movie, it could take a few hours. It was good, it was good, but it was not good, it must be boring. <br /> <br /> So, in general, Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it was not. good as everyone else. It had some fun moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest were dragged. There was no necessary sub-plot, the sole purpose of extending a single movie. The bottom line is: If you like Tim Meadows and Leon Phelps, you can watch the movie. If it hurts, do not worry. If you do not want to see Tiffani Theissen, dress in a beautiful attraction. <br /> <br />
