In a non-sound mode, I repeated the magazine "The Barbarians" several times, the VHS cover (image image shown here and the image shown here) because it's a pretty look. Now, I saw the movie before I was so gay? trashy, cheesy, campy and very funny! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of "The Cannibal Holocaust", was responsible for this contemporary popular fantasy movie Sword & Sandal, especially the Schwarzenegger Conan film. The film will give us a "off-screen" off-screen screen to present it to Ragneks. Once the founder marketed the whole mound of pure gold, which had only a magical magical power, would allow them to freely travel and enter as an entertainer of all countries. In other words, Ragnek is a bunch of circus boys! Fortunately, their happiness ends Kadar loves to seize the beautiful queen of Ragnek in the Canary Islands and tries to find Ruby everywhere. Meanwhile, and as a fun way of losing time, Gore and Kutche turn two orphaned brothers into muscular soldiers and naturally prepare themselves to fight each other. Instead, they flee and develop their queen's plan. Indeed, half of the fear at the beginning of the plot is not bad, but beefcake brothers are still more fun "on screen chemistry", "crazy conversations" and, of course, quite cursive fantasy monster. A nice eye, some red-haired man and some zombies that appear outside the random zone. Soundtracks and make-up are very good and the Deodato director keeps his speed fast. The performance of the Barbarian's brother's theater is much better than expected, because one of them creates constant sound transformation. There is also an excellent cast. Eva La Rue is a wild face that looks more beautiful than ever, Virginia Bryant is in love with the likes of Richard Lynch, and beautiful Sheeba Alahani looks like her first and only movie like a witch's theater (I do not love you!). In the end, "The Barbarians" is what Michael Berryman called Dirtmaster's favorite Eyes in the Hills. I know that the images displayed are better than the promotional campaign on the version of the song called People, but "The Barbarians" is really essential in Italian exploitation.
