The miracle of a movie by LE GRAND VOYAGE is a mild sound, written by writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, for his solo screenwriter / scriptwriter, due to the sophistication of the natural landscape of this "trip" story, and Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed. Majd leads the emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is very well integrated with Katell Djian's cinematography (travel trips and character pairs), while the musical score of Fowzi Guerdjou keeps a number of beautiful themes throughout the film while homage. There are many local music variants in many countries in the film surveys. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with a Muslim family in southern France, a young man who has learned from a western girlfriend. His old father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that his time has come for Hadjera Mecca and for not being able to drive, Reda is reluctant to abandon his personal needs to bring him to his last religious obligation. They went on a fragile car to travel through France, to Italy and to Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Saudi Arabia. During her trip, her father Reda invites her to visit some of the most interesting places, but her father keeps the purpose of the trip and is bored by Reda's father's demands. In their pilgrimage, they will meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) and fit her to two men and, finally, the Turkish woman, Reda, Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) should be deprived. It means that the father / daughter will drive the couple, but it will create a splint in the drudge and disappearance of a Reda bar, and patron saint patrons and personal agents delay their progress for various reasons. Stress between ties between father and son: Redak can not understand the importance of pilgrimage so rehearsal and inevitability, and father can not understand the sensitivity and needs of the father of Reda. In the end they arrive at Mekara, surrounded by cloths for pilgrims around the world and the meaning of the trip is very important for Redara. The way that the story closes is meaningful and rich. It has made a religious pilgrimage to young people and aging to recover disagreement between their son and father and the recognition of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this movie is sensational - even more, the camera just goes 'on the road' simply because it just feels like capturing the beauty of many points left on the road. with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a great actor (sure to be his latest film and now to watch The Grocer's Son) and this movie brings magic to his role. Another good movie on The Film Movement, this is a very short story. Highly recommended <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
