I love this movie. The director Michael Powell once said he was his favorite movie and I too. Powell and Pressburger had a seemingly simple story, the power of love against the "powers". However, his deception lies in the complexity of its "or is it imaginary" premise. In essence, it could be argued that the description of warfare is just as young and poetic as young poets during the Second World War. Or is it? The question has never been answered or in a way. Actually, he never asked for it. This verification is constantly appealing to the film. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and filmography, even with the beautiful touches that the filmmakers' interests represent. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's Der Rosenkavalier opera, eighteenth. A young aristocrat from the twentieth century. This is evident in a short interlude, where the director maintains a rose that is dressed in all his outfits (which appears in the sky in the sky). Music also has a dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> The whole play is first class - David Niven is his most charming and has superb support from veteran Roger Livesey and Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the charm of the movie is by Marius Goring, 71. Being the director. He has the most interesting role so far, since he filled his scene with his innocent innocence, shining the film. It's a pity that the 71's scenes of the director have been stitched on the floor of several cutting rooms. Pena da Goring's comedy talents are hardly ever seen again in the movie, except for the wonderful videos of The Scarlet Pimpernel in the 50s. This is the most memorable part of the film's career. Niven is a perfect role for soothing style, and its virtual fluctuation contrasts so pleasantly with the seriousness of other characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940s, Niven also played against another "messenger" of another heavenly Cary Grant, given by Niven. Their stylistic performances were so similar; I found the result boring, non-energetic and disappointing. As a note, as Powell says, when Peter Carter did not want to play it, Goring wanted 71th director. He gave it a lovely and gave us a beautiful portrait. <br /> <br /> The movie "commanded." Removing close relations between Britain and the US, the final point multiplies its point. But the mild memories of the horrors of war are being disarmed - a great deal of death, military and civilians, in the face of death. There is a significant lack of "enemies" in World War II in the sky, but the civilian unveils have an indefinite origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been explicit in their representation, but it was not necessary. Films may not expect their diplomatic purposes, but their originality continues to inspire both filmmakers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
