They carry a message resonating on the hours and days that are watched by some unsuspecting films. CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL) is a beautiful Spanish film in 2002, according to Ángel García Roldán, entitled 'A boca de noche'. This book was adapted as a script. War and its effects are not new issues for films, but when it guides the development of the characters (especially children) that need to follow the war issues in the background, the result is different. A large-scale analysis of older gender genres. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old American youth from New York. Aurora (María Barranco) returns with her serious illness. In his house of Aurora in 1938, during the Spanish Civil War, his mother abandoned Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna), after his wife's death. Carol father Robert (Ben Temple) is a pilot fighter against Republicans against Franco and rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: Alfonso left his lover (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso, at the same time, married Dolores (Lucina Gil), sister of Aurora. Carol is independent, with her grandmother remaining only Don Amalio, until they meet her age, but not her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two friends are the first Carol undeniable, but the incidents are Carol and they develop . Tomiche feels like the first milk of love. When Aurora dies due to illness, Carol needs to live with Alfonso and Dolores and her daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), still helping his grandfather to help and his best friend and teacher Maruja (Rosa Maria Sardà always bright). the difference between classes and the absurd war that keeps his beloved father apart. Through some events, Carol and Tomiche know the rumors of being adults, the less conflict with most faces than all of our lives. Endless, even dull, it is exemplary when Carol's maturity journey is over. <br /> <br /> The film is filmed in Galicia and Portugal and the vice president of Gonzalo F. Berridi is light and sensitive. Bingen Mendizabal music scores have improved. Imanol Uribe understands the fine line between bathing pathos, and taking into account the story of the children involved, it makes a stronger declaration of the war's future and cruelty. The play is extraordinary: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are protected by veteran actors in adult roles. This is a visual work that is permanent and sustainable, and should be much more audible than that. Grady Harpa
