Arnold again demonstrated in the 80's that the action was king and that a futuristic game shows around a violent game, a competitor has not survived. But as the label says, Arnold has not played yet! The film begins in 2019, where the world economy has fallen out of food and other important materials and a totalitarian state has been created, controlling all aspects of life through television and police. The well-known game show is The Running Man. The criminals who die in it are forced to survive. <br /> <br /> The movie carries out a helicopter mission with Ben Richards (Arnold). it is making food riot. To help his top-class suitors to fire, if he refuses to refuse to release him into prison, the people were killed without help. The Government blames Richards for the massacre he had with the name "Bakersfield Butcher". Eighteen months later, along with Richards, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) worked together with two friends in an area of ​​detention. They ride on the floor with Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mikro immediately identified Richards as the "Bakersfield Butcher" and did not want to help him, but his friend will convince him otherwise. They want to join the resistance, but he prefers to live and work with his brother. Shortly thereafter, he realizes that he has taken his brother to his reappointment and has taken over his wife Amber Mendez (Alonso). Who knows it does not help, but convinces him, but police at the airport have been attacked after the police have been expelled. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, the runner is in a good position to find new problems. to kill the murderer. It hosts Damon Killian (Dawson) shows and one of the strongest men in the country is Richards escapes and is able to capture it. Richards does not want to play, Killian threatens to use his friend instead, so signing the contract. You love that part. But he will soon find that he will join him and make sure that Killian will return. The runners begin to move from the Zones and fight the memorable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. In the end, Richard joins Amber, but he set it but accidentally caught and threw the match. They find each other underground and return to Kill and say goodbye. <br /> <br /> Men's races are one of Arnold's 80s feature films. Apparently Stephen King's movie was based on the same name. Some people have said the book is better. I'm sure that it is not, but I do not like the movie I love. As in all Arnold movies, the interpretation is what some of Arnold's classics would expect, and even more, Ventura gets a couple. Without a doubt, Richard Dawson is the star of this film. Being a true game show was easy enough for himself and he created a character that was really bloody cold. The whole movie breaks down the game shows and big brothers. Check out among them fun and old shows such as "hate". Also, Arnold, Koto and Alonzo do not forget Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole. Until nowadays, the reality of television is nonsensical with the nonsense, but I am sure that Hollywood liberals would make a movie about "Evil Bush". New DVDs, especially stalkers who responded to the strangers who were poor. Sometimes, the ACLU managed to bring some communions to the DVD and it is a rubbish dumps that should not be near any of Arnold's films. Blasphemy! In general, we grew up in the 1980s to any fan of Arnold in general, you can not miss it. In the 80's, I've seen the first and it's still very good today. The futuristic and humorous world are excellent. In general, 10 stars 10, definitely, its the best.
