A Prussian gas, a black killer whale and a whistle that protects the white penalty, and the killing of university boys who kill the convicted defendants of a mysterious university. Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger), and Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg), their senior leaders will always have this case. It seems Ann Portland (Uschi Glas) is a student, at the age of 21, to inherit a great deal of wealth. Targeted girls share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery. He ought to know best. It seems that girl-room workers hide something, and some killing members of the faculty get drunk with a monk-red outfit so that the neck of the attackers is so shocked. It is ordered by a filmmaker to use toxic gas produced by a mysterious prisoner who commissioned a mysterious prisoner. A driver from Greaves (Günter Meisner) is convicted of being convicted (... hiding in a cannon), accompanied by a corrupt police officer. When they took him to the secret room, he killed and gave orders. In order to get to know this operation, the main priority is for Higgins and Sir John; He will take them to the truth that they seek to murder and why they happen. The girls are the director of the house, the brother of her author, the sweat, the chemistry of the nervous chemistry, the lyrical garden and the bandereria. Some are red herbs until they are thrown, which throws the viewer into a loop, until it finds a genuinely generous one. It has multiple end functionalities. <br /> <br /> The COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a killer with a colorful killer, a mischievous plot, surprises and many suspects, and college boys in a room with a sordid love among adults. I think James Bond's impact on Krimi can also be affected, that is to say, it is not used, false bible / water gun, when open, it includes gas. The victims were shocked by their faces, which hung the hanging Greaves' Royles Royce windows, without revealing the passengers in their backspace, and the holes used to explore the girls in their rooms and pools. Many may think of Sir John's responsibility as a result of his rude, stunning behavior, and because Higgins's weakness in the truth often goes down. (Immersion in a fun way to have fun for all British researchers who are experiencing a bad case). ... I felt it was a relief comedy, especially with the psychoanalysing of potential suspects and victims, which has often been misunderstood. Higgins, using tracking skills as a researcher, continues traces / deeds, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Alfred Vohrer is a trustworthy person who maintains the rhythm of one's own speed and the script is full of interesting characters and content. So many of the adults in this room may suspect that it may be any of them. It was a whip or a murderer against the girls. I would say that this may be one of the best examples of Krimi (... if not the best one), because, as he continues to guess, it is always more in the sleeve ... the revelations revealed at last are quite obvious. -opening (and even real mastermind chains that you get deciphered by pulling off all chains by pulling off).
