At the end of the 30s and the beginning of the 40s, they were a golden age for adventure films, with the rise of the economic recovery budgets, the change in the mix of time with the growing production code. As rumors about wild attacks, misunderstandings and sometimes misogynist farms like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different from focus, scope and tone. <br /> <br /> The group Gunga Din is a secret division of work in its writers team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of Hollywood's most famous and famous writers of golden age. However, the real script is Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol's work, especially Guiol, behind the back of the comedy. It is a well-balanced and passionate one of what we get from these four, but it is also well-characterized by comic touches. Most adventurous films of the time were at least a comedy, usually a comic relief or two assistant players, but they did not use laughter in Gunga Din. Here, the main characters may be junk objects or creators. Suddenly we are spreading the malicious threat of the wicked while the scene is dissolved. The first major battle scene is action and gag disorder, because Douglas Fairbanks, Mr.'s cartoon style, Flynn and Power vehicles completely failed. The middle of Gunga Din must necessarily rest and there are many drawings for the land. Still, comedy continuous trials? For example, the perforated routine? When the producer and director Steffens produced the same thing, he cut the teeth on Hal Roach studios and only directed almost the comedy. Until this point. This is his first full action, and he works surprisingly well. Above all, the use of floating-point plans is a great battle scene. Do you also see something you rarely see in the action photo of that era? fear and real fear. Here are some of the many mountain bikes that dominate the mountains and enter into the mountains with dominant characters. Portrait of Abandoned People and Thuggee Cultists "Kali!" It's really haunting. This fear dimension plays down all the other emotions that are taking place here, it causes us to worry about these pleasing characters and make comedy tension more effective. <br /> <br /> There is a real genius touch to the hero of the same name as the viewer. We inform you of the sight, because there are many scenes when a character approaches or talks with him. That is why Dan does not seem to be an important figure in the regiment, but it quickly becomes a remarkable nature for us, and it is totally sympathetic, when we endangering life and giving it to men who die. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors have not been able to disagree. Do not be afraid because Gunga Din does not! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant adapted their material, since their roles generally found the spectrum of theater and comedy in general. Especially Grant is his best, largely compelling, but occasionally only top-top-top whooping and capering that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., does not depend on heavyweight companies, but in no way bad. And, of course, Sam Jaffe, who is damned forever to play forever forever, but who could play their dignity and humanity? I do not try to tip Errol Flynn's and Tyrone Power's adventures, and indeed, many of their photos are absolutely classic, I absolutely love them. However, Gunga Din did not get the best things that could not be achieved. Not only does it lead to a men's lead cartoon or a dangerous maid, the action genre coincides with comedy and poignancy, just like before and after a few images. And that's wonderful.
