"Baby Face" is the previous melodrama, with Barbara Stanwyck's very young, almost unknown George Brent, and Theresa Harris. It's about a good girl to go to the city ... or I should say it's time. Stanwycken's father has given his whole life one reason or another for his whole life, sad and sad, Erie, Pennsylvania. After his father's death, an old father knows what he is and he will really care about his future. It recommends that you go to a large city and take advantage of the opportunities available, and not easily, and to take on high-life roads. . (Note that I have seen the censored version I have seen and not part of it - this part of the movie was renewed for censors). She and Chico (Harris) will go to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that she is relatively low. and he'll get where he wants to go a lot faster. In the most prestigious movie scene, the corporate camera ladder takes us upstairs while we sleep on the floor and floor to the top of Lily. In the end, the great man directs himself and is able to leave his day. The problem continues and soon the scandal is happening. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck carries a lot of makeup and is a cool cucumber for most of the movies, because he seduces a man without one of the others, and it's great. when they are innocent victims. In one scene, he looks dressed for a king's dress, dressed in a black diamond dress. Then, Chico asks other cases, and has more curious things, that is, with values. One day job. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - he could play or was glamorous, and he was also a talented singer and dancer. Here, he sings or plays on the theme of "St Louis Woman". He has literally been involved in dozens of films, and is very good at Stanwyck's friend, his best work ever before. Since it is a curiously unique code, it is often given less in black when they made movies. <br /> <br /> Precode movies may be more compassionate and, even though they are over 70, it seems like modern. These films do not have to end, the baby learns their lessons: after all, it's life. The end of this film with the same message. I saw one scene was added to it, but apparently, the other two ending was not overcome by censorship. (There was no code, but there were always censors). In any case, it's a good surprise. The film "Baby Face" is an important film in the history - it is essential to see it.
