I will review all two films, what they should consider and what they saw. When I talk about 'Film', I'm talking with sections 1 and 2, as seen together after seeing each other. <br /> <br /> Thank you Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. <br /> This film is refreshing, courageous, wonderful and authentic. And he listens to a new style of movies. Faux no drama There are no inflammatory music bands. No Faux documentary style. Just an attempt to stick to clear shots and events. I'm reading Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life," and recently finished the biography of Fidel's Auto and helped me to get this movie out. But I must say that Jon Anderson's excellent historical biography of this excellent biography is Jon Anderson. This Anderson movie (or 2 films) was an advisor. This movie is genuine, it's clear. There is no slowdown or slowdown in music, which is more dramatic and more important; False and false fake document. Only square shots and direct shooting style. The types of cameras used are in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro was given full honor, I never doubted cinema in the movie ... not once. He did a wonderful job and I respect him. Some complain that the film has two slice of life and not the whole. But I think this is one of the most beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. He does not try to "tell the story". The life of a person is very different at 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this film, confronts this temptation and keeps the feeling of CHE with the intention of DEVELOPING AND MINUTARIZING THEIR MINISTERIES. The time has been based on three lines: Battle to Batista, Che, US speech and preparations for Bolivia's Gorilla. "Motorcycle Diaries" has already told her young lady, and S. Soderbergh praised her focusing on other aspects. I mention the book by Jon Anderson and the movie is true. The only weak link for me is Matthew's (non-performance) casting. In a movie full of lively performances, an American (Matt Damon) plays a bolivian, it's rough: it does well, but after so much care in the quiz, it was this site. Little and completely forgiven. The reality given to other castings and, above all, to make Benicio Del Toro an amazing piece of work, put this movie on top of my list. <br /> <br /> This movie says something that goes straight to the video. The "Cuban Revolution" could never have been doing the cold war ethics, but the story is still quiet. If there is no clandestine who is pressing, and then beyond the effects of propaganda that you can not resist. <br /> <br /> This is a must-have movie, and Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: revolutionary life." If you want to know more about the international movements of political and international political chess movements, it was encouraged by the 40th.
