As part of the second half begins to integrate into the second half, Che is the most excellent part, it may not argue why he decided to escape from the confiscation after Chek Kubak, no mention of his experience in Congo, he did not know the instructions why he chose to make a coup in Bolivia , and did not talk about political motives as a young motorcycle in South America, which Walter Salles gave him a clear knowledge of. Thanks to an unusual viewpoint, it is aimed at Che who brings together volunteers who make up their own hostages. However, there is hardly any effort to designate as an individual to establish the relationships involved. It's reasonably reasonable. Chek encourages non-violent doctrine without wounding. But there is no feeling that he is directly concerned with his men. The concept is. <br /> <br /> In section 1, in Cuba, the rebels welcome people from the villages who give food and coverage, which will become a victorious revolution. In Bolivia, there is not much understanding. Citizens explain it. They are backed by government troops, not by themselves. When it explains about the welfare of the medical government, its viewers are disinterested. You can not take people back to the revolution if they do not want to meet. Soderberg's US military adviser works with Bolivians, but does not blame the United States for Che's collapse. Chek seems to have failed his fight and what he wanted. <br /> <br /> When showing two wars, Soderberg does not take his fight scenes as a result of specific results. Cheek men are attacked and attacked. The fires are exchanged with distant attackers. The group is generally operated in the aftermath of the battle, without the death of the victim. This is not a war movie. It's about a man reasonably rational driving. There's no cinematography. Soderbergh looks at Chek with a stiff look. There are substantial shots for provisional roles, but few are very strong, just like Che's POV has just kicked it over at the last rhythm. There are many land where mankind is living for weeks and the effect of all is a weakness, Guevara himself has some malaria. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives the champion a performance, not a modest one. It is not represented as the most epic heroes. The Cuban conquest is beginning to emerge in Bolivia, and vice versa, and sometimes it is difficult to distinguish between beard and a shark. Del Toro does not represent a personality as a position. Maybe you can think of a long movie. In my opinion, there is a real reason for its width. Guevara was not a part of Cuba and especially Bolivian affairs, but it was a commitment to being called the "madness". In the end, Che is a completely commercial pilot in whole or in part, where the director understands the limit of his cinematographic biography and begins to work on these paths gradually.
