The second part, known as "GUERILLA", is a great achievement, but it is not as entertaining as I START ZURTAN, which is where we start witnessing Che Guevara's fall and death. Again, I'm surprised by the cause and effect of the stories that both parties unite. Che Guevara, the leading Argentine player reminds us again and again. Some of the Fidel's army did not want to take orders from a foreigner and nowadays he has left the comfort of Chek's victory in the Bolivian Revolution, he does not respect his army and his natives most respectfully. because it is only foreigner. <br /> <br /> With regard to technical data, II. I think that the section would be more helpful in the rest, just like the map view, it would show some of the most significant. Previously, the characters of the party and the memory of what he is doing, so that the viewer can understand why he has obtained his methods in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. It is clear in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, their hearts are not completely with a bunch of soldiers. It says the revolutionary component is love ... well, they do not give much to their people, so sales are hard. Che is hard and painful for others to buy their vision. <br /> <br /> I like a particular scene that shows a worse state of a che, because his horse did not go to Cheer. He tries to correct it, then hurts his temper, and for a moment he forgets a doctor, and he becomes a desperate soldier who breaks his horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to head. But at the same time dragging the movie, using short familiar entertainment and familiar faces, is based on small cameos, and on the other hand, another obstacle stops you from left to right, but perhaps this is the purpose of the second part, where appropriate. Cheerful filmmaking that gives us a first-person view of Che's last breath. This movie will not answer Che Guevara why he was so determined, why he decided to throw him out, even though he was against it and why he wants South America Cuba but he wants the fate of being the CHE movie. It's a story worthy of it.
