I'm surprised by the courage to watch movies or "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? As I watched my Cuban exile parents have seen about the contemptuous killer mass of the Cuban revolution, I would have it for life. Hey wait I'm an adult, I can not put it on the floor. Director Steven Soderbergh, and newbie commie (I apologize for Steven, but Soder film I had to take here) distributes the movie in two pieces of the revolutionary life of Ernesto Che Che Guevara. Che: Part 1 presents Chef in the mid-1950s as part of a revolutionary anti-Cuban president, Fulgencio Batista, to join Fidel Castro's guerrilla crew; As we all know, they were revolutionary success for them, but many of the Cubans had been put to ruin when rebelling against many communions. "Che: Part 2" Che is trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry, wearing t-shirts, with teddy-faced shirt manufacturers. OK, I'm doing a lot of dogs on the way! 'Che: Part 2' means that at the end of the 60s he said he was trying to push Chei's revolution, this time he was the poorest of Bolivian, but with very different results, when he captured and killed the Bolivian militias, Soderbergh did not enter into two Cheen life instances Meanwhile, I think that Soderbergh's film-directed injustice made it impossible for the viewer to show how pretty was Guevara. I wanted to see "Che", because Soderbergh would not glamorize it, but that's why He really was really worried about it, and Soderbergh did not do this and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, but that was not. He was ill, thanks to God, probably under the devil's barrel. Now I have to be objectively a spectator and Benicio Del Toro's performance, which Cheek is very commanding and deserves, and Demian Bichirrek Fi Castro was so huge as Castro, with his sharp performance. But the rest of the group "Che", were the minimal performances that featured the actors who portrayed guerrilla soldiers. And as I am admired by Matt Damon, why did Sodeberg put on a portrait of a Bolivian delegate performance performance in the Spanish revolutionary mix? Soderbergh had to present this biopic, mostly 4 hours and 30 minutes, especially for "too much talk and not enough action". We have already had too many already, even though posthumously with these hilarious shirts, why did they give us too much? But when you put horns on Del Toro (just like Steven), I think that saving your grace is not "Che: Parts 1 and 2" for complete execution. *** Average
