Guerrilla, the second of Steven Soderbergh, I saw about the biography of Che Guevara, without seeing the previous movie and seeing a profound knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was quite unbelievable for both the heavy lesson in history and the love letter for the iconic revolutionist. As it turns out, this film has exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> The guerrillas work as an independent film. The story of a failed attempt at a Che in the Bolivian revolution, which is under a military government, is a compelling tragedy. The initial impulse that arrives at Che in the war of war has been lost because of the misfortune due to accident. Doubts against the revolutionaries are piling up. The support of the Bolivian army is just some of the difficulties of rebellion that are causing obstacles in the tropical jungle, local suspects and healthy Health Che. <br /> <br /> Cheer's portrait is very critical, but this film, but this film is not hagiography. The style is not refreshing, with a subtle and effective soundtrack that incorporates Alberto Iglesias's drama and a lot of scenes. Definitely, it's definitely the center of the movie, but there are very few faces on our faces and we are cheering on people who are struggling with it and sometimes fighting against it. When Soderbergh wants to show Che's virtues, we can see that in a small section, such as loyal acolyte, who denounces the two hostages, question Che's leadership, and emphasizes the sacrifice that Kubak has made to fight back the revolution . > <br /> Management is excellent. In the second half, he feels very close to his focus, though he is able to communicate a lot of images through images, without needing to write things out by the audience. At the beginning of the film we will see some of the curious films of the post-revolutionary Cuban, which immediately gives us the idea why his old life would fight again in another country. Later on, portraying the hurdles that cross the slope is a beautiful scene and helps create a terrific sensation of the task in front of this small group of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the film, it is the distance between the viewer and the Che, which in spite of the insecurity context and the people around it, is harder to try to understand this person better. Benicio, Benicio Del Toro is totally convincing. It is so hard to remember that you are watching an actor and not the same man. However, Guerrilla as an autonomous cinema means that Cheek gives us little knowledge of what thoughts, words, and actions are. I hope this is the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I still do not want to give it a comment) and I look forward to seeing the solidity of the second part ahead.
