I sat down in the two parts of Che, last night, with a bit of a bathroom, and I do not remember when it was 4 hours passed so fast. I had to settle for a week before, I have a "real" thing about directors, producers and editors, who are still on the lookout, in front of us, in more than just epic, and I feel all of this. It's about 2.5 hours for a movie. So, I thought it was about 4 hours to extend the limits of my tolerance, and I was very uncertain about the whole business. But I will tell you that this is beautiful? I would love to say? I saw the movie and I'm very happy. Director Steven Soderbergh should be congratulated for the clarity of his vision. Fights works like swamp yourself. <br /> <br /> If there is a person unknown to the planet, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was an Argentine doctor who helped the Fidel Castro Fulgencio power. Batista through the Cuban revolution in 1959 I was a child in the 1960's, Che's image was everywhere; Bedroom wall posters, T-shirts, magazine covers. Che has to be one of the ever-used images. If the famous images are trustworthy, Che really looked good, the essence of revolutionary romance. If it were dirty, I would ask myself that he was so popular in public imagination? However, aid for dying young people. <br /> <br /> The Che films were completed (the great Moto Diaries 2004, those that had bad bad Gael Garcia Bernar, they traveled across South America and saw endemic poverty, its Marxist policy was formed) but I do not think anyone's story He has worked from the beginning to the end, and this two parter is an ambitious project. I hope that Soderbergh will be good for me, but I can not imagine that instant commercial success can not be in itself. <br /> <br /> The first movie (The Agentine) picks up Castro's Castro in Mexico and continues his journey. To start the revolution in Cuba and travel to New York in 1964 to face the UN. Black and white images have been shot live in the current film but they are not. The second film (Guerrilla) was taken again in 1966 when he arrived in Che Bolivia to begin a new revolutionary movement. The second film is almost completely done in the woods. As far as I can see, most of them shot in Spain, but I still think it was quite crazy. Benicio Del Toro Che plays the game that is born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I saw that the Argentines (that is, the part) was much easier and I felt more "funny" in a more rigorous movie. sense because it is happy They are profiting; The revolution will succeed. Che is in her element a different group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in a revolutionary head. The second part is much more difficult to see because of the inevitability of the bankruptcy. While it's a good time, old Valkeria acted heroically as a heroic defeat, so I felt the same thing in the second half of the Che (Guerilla). We know that he was dying at the beginning, we know he fails. The way it tells the story of the frightening, it's obvious that the revolution is beginning to be condemned to the Bolivian resurgence; He is considered a foreigner and is not related to indigenous peoples with Cuba. It's still sharp, we see it frustrating, I felt when to give up and know that other companies have success. The movie is not overly romantic. It kills people, runs, struggles with an asthma and loses the reason for it, when it has to give in and continue, the wife leaves only five orphaned children. <br /> <br /> But, in general, make a great exercise in a classic movie. A note; When I watched the Bolivian soldiers trained in the US, when Che and his small team of warriors took them individually, he reminded me of the end of Butch Cassidy. I turned to her husband, and I said so, but I doubted that the thoughts she thought were dull and out of place. When he came out of the theater, he turned to me, "Do not you think that Butch Cassidy was like an end?"
