Many of the opinions I have read reveal that most of the people are the second part better than the second part. I find it exactly the opposite. The first part attempted to capture different ways of showing Che Guevara's identity through different types of cinema, through different locations, and finding ways to cut between the conversation and the Cuban revolution. In most cases, it was done in the end but, to a certain extent, to pay attention. In the second part, he enters Che Bolivia, and together with the changing geographical location, the rules and structures change. Further, there is a spatial jump between stocks and stocks, between "documental realism" and treatises. Instead, we are now literally trapped with Cher, in an undeveloped and depopulated landscape, where the only people who exist are loaded in their lives for an opportunity to survive. I think it's dark in Che's life's life, so most people want the second part to make the second move a real reason. <br /> <br /> Changes in geographic location also mean Che: part. Bat and Che: The second part is the second action of the three structures started by Motorcycle Diaries. The age of Che Che (or better, coming-of-coming ideals) in Motorcycle Diaries in Argentina, Che: The first is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: The second part is in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (his experiences in Guatamala are lacking and, more importantly, in my view the Cuban revolutionary executions), but they create a very detailed analysis of their nature and controversial aspects of nature. world sign Both symbolize the need and necessity of armed resistance to oppression, and the revolutionary flaws and disadvantages of third world countries in the Third World War, such as the CIA blend. <br /> <br /> But again, all this is projected on the screen in this case, through long scenes of interviews and speeches, but much more intimate and cheesy at the end of his thread and life. Once again, the rules have changed and, in this case, it is difficult to know whether or not to succeed. The camcorder shows people who are regularly trapped in rock-and-dwelling places, imprisoned in a hostile landscape, imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an unpredictable hell, where the revolutionary opinion eventually reaches the second half of the second half. the desperation of hunted people who are dying of death. It's not easy to watch movies, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --ParisDiB
