The second part is selected ... where the last movie remains. Steven Soderberg's part of Chey's two stories, "Rise" and "Fall", are part of the almost unconventional 4-hour epic event. In the second half, Che Guevara, who left Cuba as bureaucracy and failed in the attempt at the Congo (before mentioned in the film), has come down to Bolivia to start another revolution in the jungle style. . Things are not quite well planned, probably because of Cheer's communist and revolutionary times, partly because of the participation of the Bolivian government in America and, of course, for Castro's identity. It's really around as Che's support. <br /> <br /> Previously, the second part of Che is sad, but somehow it is more wise than the first part. It's sensible, because Guevar must endure a low moral of his men, betrayal of his surroundings, grunts, and vicissitudes of the nearby peasants, and, finally, shut down and a greater military force. But Guevara, what is it, will not give it up. We can see that it is a fatal force or defect, perhaps, but it's clear how Che starts to go, if not completely. rounded up, then like the original character. It is true that he died, and he was executed, and felt justified by the way. However, the viewer begins to work in the sense of a major pity; The sequence that aggravates the health of Guevar's health, marking the horse's narcoticism as one of the most memorable and most memorable movies of this year. If sometimes it is a slower slower (understandable thanks to time) and one or two scenes are completely strange (Matt Damon?), but they are small responsibilities. This time, it's a straightforward approach to the color camera, it's just like a militia-style warfare, with the Lord-over care of the group's men and Guevara. Things are doing the final scene down. And as always, Del Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, when this boy knows so well that he is better and worse, he makes it as close as possible. In general, Che's two parts make up an incredible package: a style that is compelling as a theater story, suitable for audiences, although I do not know Che or better if they do not think so well. It is unique. 8.5 / 10
