Ironically, the most important American film in the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The long movies started at the Cannes Film Festival. There were commercial solutions for the deaf and commercial doubts. As a consolation, Benicio Del Toro was nominated for Best Actor Award. I'm talking about Che Steven Soderbergh, of course. Named in this version in New York, like Cannes, with two more 2 hour segments, without the title or final credits. 'Che' is definitely OK because Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in every scene. Del Toro is impressive, relentlessly hanging, the first glorious victory, in the first part of the game, in the second half, during the second month of humiliation, attractive and sympathetic, as well as Bolivian male penetrating Bolivian. . It's a great performance; If you want to have a better setting. <br /> <br /> If you are patient for more than four hours, you have prizes with a section between two sections. It's all that's really feigning - fortunately Soderbergh has decided to shoot in Spanish (although some actors, especially in English segments, are wood). As a War of War, you get a good explanation of Che's style: teaching, campaigning, morale, discipline, difficulties and struggles - as well as gradually transforming the company Che company. huge military head Using a new RED camera with a high quality 35-mm-high-quality 9-kilogram with a "high performance digital camera movie". DP created images with Peter Andrews and his team for a bit of coolness. They are always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The movie is in two parts: Soderberg calls two "films", and is intended to be released commercially. The first is 'Argentinar', which Cheek represents the leadership of the jungle and the ravages of the people, as a result of the fall of La Habana in the late 50s, and the second is "Gerrilla", and che worries about a decade later in Bolivia. The revolution, in 1967, led to the capture and execution of Guevara, a fruitful mission. The second part was the original movie and I first wrote it and I shot it first. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is a thriller, the first part is a movie action with great scenes. Yes, but the two sections are very similar - too much, because both of them pass through a part of the time by a rough country guerrilla. The evil guerrilla attack was condemned since the beginning of the Bolivian rebellion. The Cuban leader tried to get a positive reception of foreign Bolivian suspects, and the Cuban Communists thought it as a divine racer. In the third part, the space between the celebrations is black and white, the Chek was held in 1964 by the United Nations, and at that time interviewed, but cut off in the first segment. The first part is Fidel and much more excitement, when the dictatorship Fulgencio Batista fell in Cuba in Santa Clara in 1959 as leader. <br /> <br /> As a European miniseries in the 'Guerrilla' period, I continued to think about starting a short version of Walter Salles's Motorcycle Diaries, and Guevarara Fidel will take us to Mexico City in a dizzy morning on 26 register July movement. Broad trips and diplomatic missions could be much more. This is not the whole figure of man, the interest in children's charm, the long-term interest in poetry, the books he wrote; although it is affected by international fame. And his cruel and cruel side? What Soderbergh is interested in is not Che but a war of revolution and war. It's an idealistic dedication to overcome the tyranny of wealth by forest-wounds and forest-wounded men and wounds after 4+ hours of woods and jungle. Someone reminded us of "The Tin Line" by Terrence Malicken, but it's similar to the approaching battle with the meander and the episode; but has the strongest 'Thin Red Line' characters (almost no one generates much power from Che), and it's a very good movie. It has been a huge effort but it has not been finished and it has been bad. <br /> <br /> An 8-year-old experience of love and a great deal of research (how much Ocean does it pay?) is Vanity. The project, theatrical release is regularly extended and for a miniseries too long. Radical publications - or large expansions - would make them more successful, and in the second half, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that this slogging can be cut off. down, but it's not so clear what the way the film is going to get, but it can be quite good luck.
