He has overtaken all the entry from the Cuban states to Bolivia, the second part of Soderbergh's Che Guevara is a tragic hero. Like the Che? The first part of the guerrilla war on the colorful mountains of Bolivia, which is surely not to be crowded by people, is why the movie (and, in particular, Benicio Del Toro's performance) was in Cannes? <br /> James Rocchi, for example, calls this "not only a story of a revolutionary" artwork, but "himself and a revolution." The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw called it "an evil masterpiece". Is my first conflict back in the first half? The value lies in the representation of a hero in particular. And in a period of great growth in role-playing roles, can not a healthy look, even if it depresses fewer episodes of his life? Thomas Carlyle is a psychological hero of the great Scottish essayist at the Heroes and Hero Worship book seminar. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere). But we should really inspire greater goals, a higher goal. Compare this with realistic "heroes" in the western storybook: where does a person suffer rehearsals and difficulties before the award is credible? Usually the love of eternal love or material ?? study through divine intervention. Real heroes have excessive moral courage? Do not miss Arkutara's daring-demons or James Bond super-toys. They rise and others push up, the best they can. In the first part, Che succeeds. The second half fails. It is not from moral courage, but a) all good plans are not successful and b) being human, mistakes are imperative. Guevar's intellectual clarity fails to recognize the conditions justifying the armed struggle. The conditions that are capable of succeeding in this armed struggle. The value is a serious accusation. <br /> <br /> In the mountains of La Paz, they are excellent colors. It's definitely the air of Che's authenticity, sometimes in Che's absence - The first part (the US does not allow Soderbergh to shoot in Cuba). The treatment of vision maximizes natural light and maximizes the realistic pioneer. RED cameras. It is a high-performance film camera with a quality film of 35 mm and the comfort of digital void. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package only weighs 9 kg. "The RED shoot is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderberg. "RED I see how I see ... so organic, so perfectly synthetic natural light phenomena." If he stopped with a successful Cuban revolution, he would link it with an almost mystical invader. He shows that he fails in Bolivia that has human limitations, but that is because they remember their moral virtues, not political victory. Will critics say? and with some justification - his armed struggle was much less inspired by the noble characters to obtain tin-pot dictatorships. The fight against warfare is neither good nor bad (and since then two have been used). <br /> <br /> But for his complacency, it often seems that movies do not have dramatic and narrative strain. We go from one flight to another, knowing that he ends his death. I looked at myself, and I thought it might be shorter. But what is the work done for this? Interviews with all the people, as well as another member of Guevara to train actors in the details of the Bolivian operations? so the film has a good achievement. It may not be a high level of entertainment, but it is shown in full in the documentation of a significant part of the history. <br /> <br /> There is also another important point in Che Che "hero". It's a mistake If you want to make every effort, even if you fail, your effort is not in vain, because others may give you moral hope and courage. He was cynically called a "martyrdom" complex and, of course, it is also found in many religious figures. But Che is not sacrificing herself. He does what he does best, according to his non-discriminatory capability, which is why he gives an example. In any case, success or failure becomes a mere detail. <br /> <br /> With the unlawful and long blockade of the Cuban America ("in the name of freedom"), it is tempted to write Che Parts 1. There are 2 too many wasted in the U.S., but this is likely to invite a conflict that seeks to avoid so violently. It is hoped that many audiences will have a policy that will unleash and unleash the Che's perspective. Certainly, Soderbergh refurbishes the populist nonsense of Oceans 11. <br /> <br /> But if you have not heard Che Guevara or see the First Part or if you can not pass the "killer" phrase. Marxist 'without a word, I would fight with the imagination that you would get from this movie. They can say the same for many who can do it.
