Now, of course, I am not a passionate student of the genre. Actually, I always go away from far away from Western countries, although the critical American stories (or whatever) are critical of them, it seems that they are always going to be a tough retrieval both "shot" Injuns, "great gunfight", or "Hey, Let's have a posse! "In other words, it always seemed to have been linked and linked to the convention that it has left a small space of genre, wonder, or originality. (Yes, at least I have seen some" proud "ones, and they inadvertently evaluate this negative assessment - Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine, and, of course, the wicked (but very sad) Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone collaborates in the 60's.) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV - after Jimmy Stewart died on the weekend's remembrance - I finally GOT IT: I have understood, at least in theory, that Western myths can be considered as a serious thematic concern (aside from actions and emotions). The withdrawal and push-pull between the order, the Western American represented freedom, but also a wild vision; It may be a respectable pain, which, of course, meant that maybe - it was not that people wanted to be respectable and that they were just residents They should be mumble and inadequate, that they are removed from the barrels of their revolvers, and where the territory of the law would be killed or killed. In this area, of course, the real heroes are wonderful and free of charge, first of all, "(they will therefore reject society") as it is shown on the east coast, and yet just a sense of justice is just a chaos and a fear-based society I think that, when viewed and analyzed by this difference between law and imbalance, I believe that it is the greatest and most genuine goal for any western one. Unfortunately, it is often not the case, since white caps are completely white, blacks are completely black (let's not let the Indians) They also start to speak well) and there are a few shades of gray in color. </ b> <br /> This is not it. Jimmy Stewart plays a fierce hunter, following the route of previously mined Walter Brennan- (perhaps to finish all the characters of western western, but still nice here, as always), but as nice, as always, it's always nice to d A, and no one else. Strictly, he stays in his head, and while Stewart reveals his patented charm (come, we can not make sense in any way, we can not now?), We're definitely centered on ourselves as a centerpiece. interesting character: his "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" humanism was not achieved. Or, in other words, USEFUL, at the end of the image, as described above. He must go unlawfully and he thinks that mining on the path of gold dust is the starting point for the justice and order needs that are left in the city limits. This town is well run by his sinister sheriff, Mr. Gannon, one of the best "bad" ever seen by John McIntire. It starts with so much charm and humor and Stewart has a relaxed and interesting relationship, which is so absurd as to say ... so that when he enters, he doubles. force Additionally, if McIntire and Stewart set a movie that is compulsory, film creates a terrifying character, and so Stewart's moral distance must be made through the feature film. . <br /> <br /> I do not cross the plot and become, see yourself (as well as rugged and beautiful Alaska scenery - shot in the location, no matter, a cheap, cheap, framed studio). It is essential that this story focuses on how much time it takes for the character, replacing it with a good response to the character and the interaction with the character. Even though the movie acts and adventures are just enough to avoid being static (read: "talky"). No doubt, one of the greatest performances I watched in Stewart, unknown, was that he was playing the "man of man" because he was right and upright. However, in fact, the "character" of each one is more strongly attributed to its characterization, mythical or malicious, such as Eastwood or John Wayne, and more than three-dimensional characters. The relationship with Brennan is well-respected: roughly but nevertheless it's touching (with George and Lenny's modest suggestions, "Of Mice and Men" are completely different types. <br /> <br /> I / no doubt, more westerns to be seen, but now this is my favorite and so it gives me the opinion of everybody else. It's worth it to know more than we know and appreciate.
