THE FIFTH AND FATHER'S CHILD PENGUINS MARCH, the French director Luc Jacquet. The only film that Bertille Noël-Bruneau has as a young actress is a short film; The relationship between a child and a wild fox tells a relatively strange but compelling story. <br /> <br /> Group-Nature documentary, and the fairy tale, the film L'Infant, focuses on the child. One day, on school, he will find a path of wild fox in a strange setting, probably in France. mentioned In the coming weeks, the child will revive the fate of his fox, one of these days he will see foxes, which is beginning to call Lily again. And so it continues. It is a week of days, and then the summer disappears, after falling in winter, providing a brilliant winter landscape of white landscapes. In the end, spring comes again, and the child finds their fox and creates friendship with the animal. And like that. <br /> <br /> I had no hope at all for FOX AND CHILDREN. I saw the March of Penguins and there was just one respect for filmography included in this movie. Luc Jacquet has a great talent and, in fact, is a strange filmmaker, and I expected some of the most fascinating cinematography, wonderful landscapes and wildlife. This was a pike. Here, however, Jacquet has a credit for screen entry and I did not know anything about the movie screening, I expected something different from what I saw earlier. A fictional story. <br /> <br /> Baby and fox. And the story is easy. A young looking young man lives in a house in the middle of nothing and goes to school, apparently, on his own every day, apparently without attention, apparently in the perfect world. No suggestion of an adult sight. Brilliant So, it creates friendship with Azeri. <br /> <br /> With such a movie, you have to discard your opinion as a movie and steal your audience. This is a live-directed movie for children six years old and over. Or to families who like to travel to the cinema on a Sunday afternoon. It's not a 31-year-old man, WANTED through new and similar movies. Being a new London-based first critic, I've been standing at the foot of an eight-year-old girl at THE FOX AND THE CHILD for around 95 minutes. Now we have some problems with this film. As a 31-year-old boy, and as a loyal lover of all cinemas, I loved the photography of wildlife and landscapes. Vision is amazing The direction of the characters of the animal is brilliantly executed, just as good as Attenborough's efforts. As an eye-catching eight-year-old, I loved the first half hour. Then I lost interest. The smaller the repetitive and younger child is very disturbing and horrific for young children, especially the dark ending. 31 year old male - I was a little scared in places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a child's movie. I was not really an adult movie and I felt a little left. Family is a good movie. It depends on it. It may be education and the movie is a message. Without a doubt, I did not see the hard green film that I should have paid and I clean myself to try to recommend some kind of film. It's hard, but I know that some movies love and fall in love. It's a very European feeling and, undoubtedly, you're a fan of movies for wildlife. Sure not Then I should wait for the DVD to make a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
