In 1930, in Europe, Luis Bunuel's 'L'Age Dor' was released and when he was projected in Paris when he rebelled, he forbade something more than forty years old. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe overcame, once again a love symphony to love "Ekstase" was activated again. The film was nominated as a young and unknown German actor named Hedwig Kiesler, after which his name was changed by Hedy Lamarr, when he went to America to escape the insanity of Adolf Hitler and the madness of a young wife, Eva, who was cold and far away. without a husband (played by Emil Jerman), only to find out that he has made a serious mistake. A divorce later, Eva is barefoot and free and one day, covered in a lake, Adam meets a beautiful young engineer (played by Aribert Mog). ). After a dark night of his passion, former husband Eva has appeared again in order to recover Eva, now they have opponents. I'm not damaging what happens. The Czech director Gustav Machaty (the original version of the screen 'Madam X', another parable of romantic obsession) is by Robert Horky's novel by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky and Machaty. Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich film the film adventurer of the film (which reminded me that he had some photographs of Man Ray in the time of the photographer Avant Garde). Antonin Zelenka is a fast-editing film, and under the direction of film art, the most luxurious look of Art Deco is made by Bohumil Hes. If I have something similar to this movie, Giuseppe Becce's music score is what gets the melodramatic feeling that comes down to top speed (some issues are repeated over and over again, it's a good idea, quick-David Lean about the use of various types of music) It's similar to Lawrence Of Arabia and Dr. Zhivago, a few years before, a newly-restored branded printout was made up of the best material sources, along with some European printed manuals, the Vatican's Vatican version He retrieved the closest "decadent" (yes, right ... the church never did anything), and the Hayes branch split the tape, eventually released in the US in 1936, accepting the "Hayes Office" in the same manner. , with subtitles in English (especially for visual experience). It was not rated, but Naked by Hedy Lamarr It has a nasty cat scene (with great taste) and some sexual content suggestions (however) would hardly gain a PG-13 grade today. Look worthwhile if you are interested in the first European cinema or Avant Garde / Experimental Films
