I can not comment on this movie without discussing myself personally. As a child, bad health did not prevent cinema from ever going. At the end of World War II, I've found movies through the great "Film" book by Roger Manvilles Penguin. That made me happy to start improving my health so we can buy a new copy today. Among my classics in the classic entry, such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (excellent documentary from Grierson), Metropolis, Dr. Caligari, Doctor, and Ecstasy; This book came first and later at the Art-house of my University Film. The outbreak caused the wrath of the Vatican, after Emil's desertion, subsequent divorces and subsequent disclosure, but Roger Manville did not care about the insignificant and successful film, beautifully beautiful, spectacular. to love - an overview of echoes of many users. The lonely young man, when I saw him, voluntarily accepted. Until there were no other options until the beginning of February's videos. However, he became a souvenir reminder, because he was not disturbed. I recently received a collection of my home video Ecstasy and I found this review very superficial. Ecstasy is a parable about the continuity of human existence, and against them individual lives are not significant; Perhaps, Bernard Shaw's "live agnostic writing" is a tribute to The Lifeforce. <br /> <br /> February has portrayed a young wife married to a middle-aged man whose sexual desire is not stronger. He is glad, he returns home and divorces him. Shortly thereafter, there is a great mutual attraction with a young young man who comes across a match. Love is the first time and it is a wonderful experience. Her husband does not face criticism and the young man will give him a lift in his car, which will overcome the passing train by crossing the level. The train stops in time and apparently the driver is taken to recover in a nearby hotel, and then suicide himself in suicide. After these exciting climatic sequences, a vague, predictable and almost imperceptible finish highlights the individual life of human beings as joy and tragedy revealed, as we continue to collectively pursue our lives, we are really happy to make progress in our lives and only by supporting ourselves. This story is sad, the performance is appropriate; and usually, the garbage of that film would disappear, as has long been the case with most of its contemporaries. Ecstasy's classic status is cinematic, a continuous lyrical score and a very careful direction, something that is absurd but cinematic is very important - it appeared after the sound presentation and was probably planned as silent film. It has a title and the director has taken advantage of the influence of brief oral sequences together with subheadings, and occasionally incorporates into the score that leads the film. This sees not only the only one but seeing it very rewarding. The parable of the story is constantly emphasized, but after so much, afterwards, the reflection will only be realized. For example, names - Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on her wedding night, which shows that her life of curiosity has become the most important thing and predicts the preaching of her suicide because she does not have the proper purpose of protecting her; Continuous series of beautiful sequels showing erotic images (a flower bee pole-pollinator, a key that is locked in a lock, a leopard with Eva's love sequence with Adam's sequelae and so on); and the descendants of recent suicides that have been filmed in different ways, but also help to increase the importance of society in a positive way, and to create a new life to keep society up to date. passes <br /> <br /> As a film of 1933, I would give it 9 points - even if compared to today's work, I would not diminish this from below. For me, the movie will continue to be "seen" (though perhaps my notes in the background indicate that this is a certain period of time). Unfortunately, the current reviews of this film in North America have blushed out that the bass-and-rather-dramatic scene of the NEDD's 1930 Hedy Kiesler is difficult (some critics have clearly seen classical movies like hypocrite). Hula, Back to God Country, Bird of Paradise, or DW Griffiths and CB deMiller's first works were misunderstood due to the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film. This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film was very little when the director could write it. <br /> <br /> Two more thoughts; First of all, it is a Czech film published in 1933. The final message about the positive benefit to society was to be very superficial to the public, a few years later, became the first victim of national oppression and almost destroyed it. At least two generations (I do not remember those sequences that I have only seen after the war, when I saw this first film, when I saw the copies I had seen?). Secondly, for me, the main message today is that things of true beauty are often very ephemeral, although memories are life-long. We should all appreciate nowadays that some of them are captured and re-visible for our convenience.
