First of all, let's take the "hoopla". Hedy Lamarr was one of the most beautiful women and the movie was a beautiful medium for many to see on her screen beauty. Here's a cool young Hedy. He was 20 years old when he was speaking in Austria in his hometown. I recently bought an uncensored version of the 1932/3 class 1990. Hedy was close to the black man, but shot scenes of swimming and fugitives. The director Gustav Machaty uses horns, reflections, wells, mediums and longs in this famous vault; So do not imagine imagining that there is no nearby or clinic. Pierre Nay, his boyfriend, always keeps his clothes. Yes, the brave day is pretty bold, but it's an innocent look at it since 2003. <br /> </ p> <p> According to other studies, this film has to look for images, expressionism and allegorical expressions, with pale water, farm machinery, landscapes, and some water drops. The "Extase" length is the most widely used string and the film "feels" the transition between silence and sound in directions and concepts. The script is very minimalist and economical, which gives the story a lot more facial and more. Body gestures with German words that speak with English subtitles, even though underneath. Although these little words seemed to be in the overall lyrical line that goes through the whole film. <br /> <br /> You just put it in this is it. a story of a young girl o Married to a much older man (why we never said and what did Eva see anyway? Money?), then wedded to unmarried and in love weddings. Afterwards, he returns to his father leaving his husband and the father returns to his house. to lie to his son. After a stroll on his horse, he decides to swim Eva hangman and put his clothes on his horse. However, his horse is taken by romantic ideas and prevents the jump. He tries to recover his naked lake and his mountain, but a work engineer retrieves the horse and then looks after his owner. And that is how love is created. but I thought it was as logical as the main weakness, given Eva's precocious love affair. <br /> <br /> Although it's a VHS renewal title in 1990, the sound was 70 years old, it's a little soft and it's on its back, with movies from its time. Eva reluctantly delights our friends. She feels so in love with her baby as a mother , so we have to think that we are always happier. Let it be cleared above the image and also undo the movie style. At the end of the 1930's this vintage.This is enyoyed with itself, it's a piece of enyoyed, not just for its appealing title. I gave it 7/10.
