Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) featuring Hedy Lamarr (Hedy Kiesler) in an angelic wedding dress show. This was the beginning of the legendary route. This is a great introduction to the most beautiful woman to thank our silver screen. He returns to the solitaire bed and plays in a beautiful scene with his wedding rings, because he gets his civil error. Her husband seems to want more importance in love and more order. Gustav Machaty uses the fantastic camera drawings and cartoon drawings to capture the great talent and beauty of Lamar. Without speaking in the first part of the film, it is able to understand our sympathy, our hearts and our help. This combo was prepared by the public from the 1930s, what they wanted to see about what was happening in the film. 'Ecstasy' was amazing in its time ... Some people thought it was scandalous. <br /> <br /> Returns to his father's property and divorces his home. The next day, he wakes up with all the sensations of freedom and happiness. He needs to go outside and feel outdoors. Eva walks on horseback and goes through a beautiful lake. In one of the most famous scenes in the history of cinema, Hedy Lamarr became the first person to appear naked in a major movie. Tears in the woods and adventure adventures in the lake were scandalous. The public, however, could not stay away. As in today's films, the debate turned into an indispensable film. <br /> <br /> Eva's dirty adventure helps a young man to go hunting for his horse. After a difficult meeting, they fall apart. His first romantic rendition was almost as controversial as the scene was naked, with many waves of eroticism. However, Machaty works beautifully in these romantic moments. Machaty creates a wonderful moment, Eva seems to literally entertain her new lover using the beautiful trick of premature cameras. Many thought they were suicidal. Instead, he won worldwide popularity, and Louis B Mayer signed a contract with MGM. There are some erotic moments in these films, even today's standards. It can not be imagined how the 1930s were received. Again, Machaty was very clear with his images, leaving many imaginations. But we know what we see very well and that it is well done. <br /> <br /> Eva's ex-husband and her current lover's meeting is essential. However, the consequences of this meeting are not. The film opens up unexpectedly in the last act, all of which creates a great story and a wonderful premiere in the great Hedy Lamar movie movie movie scene. Shoot and ask to search in the DVD that was retrieved. It's easy for him to enjoy Hedy Lamarr. But the story is also compelling and the direction is before time. 'Estrazione' is a memorable treasure. <br /> <br /> www.tccandler.com - TC Candler's Movie Reviews !!!
