Roman Polanski's fans of the filmmaker can understand this film as they loved it ... and I understood something I could totally hate (it was one of those who could not understand why Ebert was in the theater). After a first look, I'm not sure I could fall into any category, however, someone who can not see Kafka and paranoia's dark and curious comedy is a bit more efficient than the Tenant. Or maybe not, that is, it might be that if a masterpiece were one more half-hourly Twilight Zone, Serling could give Terkovsky codec (anyone ((?) Likely) on a bedband, which is very similar to Repolins's treatment However, it may be called ambiguity due to the nature of the surrealist nature, through a permanent disintegration of character and location (and, in fact, a better performance) than the tenant. <br /> <br /> As tenant, the tenant has an interesting premise, It's a Polish emigrant from Poland, who recently bought an apartment by Simone Choule, jumped out of the window and died shortly after the death, but the other tenants are over the noise, after a Saturday afternoon Terkovsky's friend Some, too, complain about noise. It will not happen again, Polanskik is a national tenant and nervous, but there is no peace Even when moving a wardrobe or chair. Soon complaints have been filed against another tenant, but from him? Has he filed complaints? This is not so much a case of an identical identity, but it is a lack of tranquility with oneself and the people around you. While the downward spiral progresses, Polansk ties up the tension (and I dare, the ridiculous black man laughs) in the middle of Terkovsky's dreadful dream - Polansk finds one of the most powerful scenes of the time and found on the tooth walls. , a bathroom on the way (that is, maybe I'll add a horror and surreal madness movie pin). <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> But, in a way, the movie never feels like that. Terkovsky's tenant seems not to seem like a little bit of an excessive design, which looks gradually: it is not so great to know that horrors are actually occurring, that is to say, more paranoia. At least once or twice I thought myself: "Why did Polanskic himself take the title?" The actress is not evil, and has appeared in different films and non-directional plays. But when he thinks they look like a terrible and tense look, as in the church, or when they think of going out of the way, when he thinks they intend to commit suicide, his transformation is not so embarrassed in cheeks. , to find out whether he has taken a self test or not, that does not do it completely. Though Terkovsky's well-behaved Polanski seemed to be unfamiliar, I could at least see other actors, so they could be more personal and influential. At the moment of scratching, it goes between being a wonderful and authentic camp, especially for the final double (that is, of course, it is not surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet, it's a pleasure to see a cast of filmmakers and fans of Polanski enter into more ambiguous characters (those that Winters and Douglas have to filter through limited characters) and Polanski and Adjani Unexpected moments like Bruce Lee in a hot and heavy movie, or when they are very drunk or near a fountain in a scene near a fountain, they are very bright. It's a very good movie, and maybe with great care at midnight I'm paying too much attention. But a fundamental movie? It's not exactly.
