One thing I am sure is that everyone who has seen this movie will agree that I am very surprised. The other official films of the official Pollania trilogy are awful, but all are incredible, but all of them are the same, they confront intelligence. Without a doubt, the crowded looks are terribly frightening, each one frightened my spine and I did not stop to sit. If you've watched the other two movies you've just mentioned, I'm sure you'll find it terribly awesome, what you think of Polanski's typical features, because you think what you think, you're aware of it and you'll be hurt. By using simple things, personally, I would move Trelkovsky slowly, I would jump to jump, maybe I'm just that, but this was enough, though quite subtle, in these music constructions. moments <br /> <br /> This act was pretty good, especially in Polansk, of course, the other characters in the film do not have time to so much beleaguer. Polanski proves himself as a renowned filmmaker, as well as being able to direct and write direct films, he can really do it. I do not think another person who could take Trelkovsky's character, Polanski was well positioned. I like to see films that distinguish the director from the cast, makes me very versatile and talent for me, I respect it a lot. <br /> <br /> What I did not like about this movie is how it was made in English. For those who do not know it, it is a French film, funded by Americans and commercially successful, especially in English. Duplication has been very clear, and I do not know why it is, but when a dub is getting 3/4 people, it's completely wrong. There is a woman in the movie, when she speaks, it's double, it's obvious, but people get more annoyed to overcome her voice, listening to her voice in a very serious voice in my ears, she has the highest voices. I heard a little bit, it seemed almost fake, but I did not know what it was, the character was small. Honestly, I'd like to have it as if they were shot, when some parts were in French and English, the dubbing in this movie was painful and not approaching (I know two completely different films, I know). A similar thing, that is, good, bad and ugly, was another high standard of a movie. I realize that it is not a big problem, when you realize it, it is annoying, but I am sure you do not say that you are really trying to read your lips for a long time, you know French. /> <br /> You know that you know that Polansk's is great, because you know his style, in some aspects you do, but you really can not see what is behind the corner. This movie has a broader interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which is what I think really reinforces. Personally I feel that this is the best three, I do not know what comes next, but they all are quite large at their magnitude. The endless one is fantastic, so easy for a long time to get there and get out of nowhere. I do not think much about having a personal opinion of it and leaving it. <br /> <br /> I went on foot and I did not know about this movie. So great, I do not think, so I will hurry here. If you liked the Reciprocator and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee that you enjoy at least this movie. For anyone who has been unaffordable, I suggest you watch this movie if you are looking for something that is really noisy at this film, very intelligent, especially at the end, and looking for something with the mind. Even more paranoia, that is better suited Repulsion.
