Here's an example of a movie that was not well received, but it seems time to raise time. The 'Tenant' of Poland, one of the first European exile, is very interesting. It is located in Paris, and as in other exile films, it is important to build a city, its streets, Seine and, above all, an action. Polansk's main character is not an American (such as 'Frantic'), but he was a Pole himself when he went to the West. There is a lot of personal comments about what the director's life crisis has been like, and that's why he has decided to play the role (and that's what he does most). type of exorcism <br /> <br /> It's a circular story. Trelkovsky is renting an apartment in the old building of Paris. The first were old grumpy neighbors or just ridiculous and good-natured groups. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by stepping out of the plain window, and Trelkovsky had only the time to visit the hospital before his death and that he will encounter that beautiful young friend Stella (her first role in seeing Isabelle Adjani) Truffaut's "L'histoire d'Adele H. " after. Soon, the neighbors do not seem to be what seems like a conspiracy crazy or the life and role of the deceased. He fought, he tries to run, he enters the game and ends up entering the circle and slowly becoming. Circle closed <br /> <br /> The most believable story we can not see or hear is, but the strength of the movie is not the story but it's in psychological details, in slow degradation. the mental state of the hero, a game of balance between reality and enthusiasm. In a way, it is not seriously considered on the screen, but how it happens, how it reminds us of classic "Agua en el Agua" for more than a decade, at the end of the Polish Polanski era. They have never been explained in detail, but they have to be the mystery movies and, in some cases, in some lives. The viewer receives a claustrophobic feeling slowly. Unfortunately some of the graphic details of the last part of the movie were not well executed and English-speaking interviews in English (the movie was made in English) neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the last drilling scene is worth the patience. <br /> <br /> Polanski is not the best movie, but it has good pieces, shows the director's hand and style and is an important step in the construction of his career.
