When the film was opened in 1976, he said he was full of stupidity and contempt for the story --- he was defeated. I strongly remember Ebert's star and was a supposed passion for Cannes. <br /> <br /> It seems that these people do not understand the movie, which is very esoteric, dark and layered, is very difficult. As it still surprises me. I'm here to read through many reviews (even though I've had a reflection about 7-8 years ago), I've had a lot of movies in my life. But without even understanding the psychological basis of the story, he is still becoming a suspect ... although the persecution over the two-hour running of the character of Polansk's character, Polanski, is growing. br /> <br /> An analysis of the sources of Roland Topor's well-known novel novelist. Finds the most interesting layers. Polanski Trekovsky is a supreme milquetoast. It seems that the daily soul of the day is mild, though, gradually, he realizes that life seems to be a moving man, which leaves him to correct it. It seems that it has its own tastes and strong feelings. In this way, it is slowly driven, but it never seems to be bent. The play of the novel is more pronounced than the novel's movie theater, but there are still traces at the beginning of the film. Mademoiselles Choule, in a hospital that is recovering from a suicide event, seems to have tried to be one of the bravest things. He soon finds, however, that he pays his "good things," than he cares, created by a construction built in a neurotic manner. night of human life or knock on the door. for example Instead, Trelkovsky becomes an increasingly strange situation, and surpasses paranoia and bullying. Choule becomes obsessed, it seems like his own, like his dress, etc. Because his personality is immediately eradicated by his madness. <br /> <br /> Anyone who ever was afraid of Polansk as if challenging an artist, would be highly advised to see this movie. His humor is a mark of brand (and sometimes embarrassment) here and --- God blessed him - he does himself. The tour is an ongoing performance among the most gifted horror films ever made. More people have not seen it as a real crime.
