Roman Polanski, after paying tribute to the Black Cinema in Chinatown, returned to the topic of the greatest successes in the 60s, such as horror horror with Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, about the paranoia and claustrophobia in the apartments. > <br /> The best polychlastics create clostrophobic environments and have to be an endless and unlimited image that has ever created. On the sidewalks and in the remote disappearance points it is higher than ever, and in the small external scenes the sky is too small to see. The tenant does not only limit space, but also the intensity that focuses on the protagonist. Trelkovsky, who plays Polansk himself, is not only in every scene, he is in almost every shot. It is not on the screen that often becomes a camera when Trelkovsky's vision is. And, of course, it seems almost everywhere that he sees his reflection in his mirror. <br /> <br /> I do not think about the inclusion of a character and loneliness. Some psychological emotions, such as M or Peeping Tom, feel us to feel the protagonist of the mental mind. Others, like Psycho, try a deep scientific analysis of their mental state. Is the tenant included in one of these categories? Trelkovsky's experience fully plunges us without the need to understand or appreciate what he is embedded in his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession, although he constantly reveals that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a terrifying horror movie master. Often, in its horrors, ambiguity is what actually happens, but the most feared spectators are the most effective. Why? Indeed, they reveal themselves so slowly and spend so much time setting the audience in a strenuous state of immersion in paranoia. Polanski fearing later, the Ninth Gate is a nonsense, but at least this horror sensation continues. <br /> <br /> Polanski is a strange sight to see. an important role. It was as good as the talent behind his camera, and Trelkovsky was as perfect as me. Another standout, often forgotten by Shelley Winters, as a goalkeeper. Actually, it's just a star quartet, even though the familiar faces are out of this strange and curious European movie. Unfortunately, many French actors with Basque roles have doubled in the English version. The tenant is more polished and less pretentious than repulsion, but there is no character that makes up Rosemary's Baby. so penetrating and entertaining. The tenant is good, although he does not have much mistake, and he has been the director of Polanski, but it is not one of his strongest jobs.
