Anthony Mann, a westernman with Jimmy Stewart, is slowly gaining this director with John Ford and Howard Hawks, best director of that genre. Undoubtedly, how Stewart Stewart tells us the dimension - Mann has hit Jimmy's films, proving slowly to the audience. In Winchester's 73-year relationship with Stewart, he became a relative and how he became a vengeance figure. Here is the "I trust myself only" attitude, that is, the complication after another. Even before the movie was started correctly (Jeff Webster), they killed two cowboys who were helping cowardly drivers, as a result of some conflicts (we never made it clear - or tried to steal from the ranch or tried to rob cattle). <br /> <br /> She meets Skagway's match, the port that Dawson wants to take her sheep. Skagway's boss is called Gannon (John McIntyre). Skagway's "Gold Rush" "Soapy" Smith and Roy Bean judge reminded Skagway of a real head. The problem is that Smith and Bean were not as sharp as Gannon, when each opportunity became a chance to make money. Stewart's cattle suspended a public hanging - so (in penal fine) the confiscation of the herd is seized (later to sell Gannon's profits). <br /> <br /> He is a member of Stewart Ben (with Walter Brennan, who is quite brave as he was the judge of Roy Bean, who won his last Oscar). They also meet with Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and meet two women: Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert) helpful and helpful. Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but Jeff helped earlier Seattle authorities flee. However, similar "Confidence with myself alone" was Jeff's attitude. Dawson offers his job to supply. Yes, and Rube will go there, but at night (while the rest sleeps) they go back and steal their cattle. Renee continues and warns them that Gannon and her partners continue. Jeff Gannon is long enough to bring the cattle that will lead to the Canadian border. Gannon, however, who has to go through Jeff Skagway, says Gannon can wait until he's hanged. Rhonda and Jeff's reunion split into the race with Dawson, Jeff, for a longer and safer career. After the reason, they will follow their path and arrive at Dawson to find out that there is an unlawful element that threatens the community in areas of gold. The herd is sold with Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee have begun to explore. Soon there are two groups in the town of Dawson. Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent town. But Mounties will not be installed for a month in Dawson. The other one, centered around Rhonda's "dancehall", is based on Gannon, with a wide-ranging scheme of claims, as his gunpowder (as Robert J. Wilke - Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen have a scary sequence). Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to get out of both sides and head of his new wealth and Ben will go to the ranch of Utah ranch. But will they come? And does Jeff stay neutral? <br /> <br /> Dandy shows are here, Stewart, among other things, as a man willing to deal with all, but otherwise it would be quiet. Brennan patented its old coders and the love of good coffee was unexpectedly bad. Flippen is drunk at the same time, but tragedy and responsibility comes out of his mind, and Stewart speaks in the heart of Stewart's ability to speak. McIntyre would get a star on television instead of WAGON TRAINEN Ward Bond, but Mann's films show that this ability is a post-opportunistic trade that is harshly entrenched (such as WINCHESTER '73). As it is said in another place in this thing, it's really noisy - but it's humorous. Romantic opportunism and human beings are an interesting mix of feelings of fate. And Calvert is aware that the voice of consciousness and the "Gigi" limit is that of a young girl, but a woman's rubbing. <br /> <br /> In the end, there are Canadian rockstones. John Ford's use of Monument Valley. Mann definitely did the first film that directed this film, and the audience will accept the results.
