Roman Polanski is one of the most important directors of our time, in front of classics like "Rosemary's Baby" and "Chinatown". Polansk's film is probably very interesting as it is capable of creating commercially attractive movies, such as the masterpieces mentioned above, as well as making short movies with a more personal character. "Le Locataire" or "Tenant" is one of those films; a terrifying story about paranoia and obsession with his best works. Probably among the best horror movies ever. Polansk plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When he finally finds one, he discovers that the previous tenant, Simone Choule, is empty, he has tried to kill himself out of the window. After losing Simone's injuries, Trelkovsky begins to get obsessed as a result of the death caused by the rest of his construction. <br /> <br /> <br /> While sharing the same claustrophobic feeling. His "apartment theme" movies ("Repulsion and" Rosemary's Baby "), this movie will start a strange conspiracy that will be totally or irreconcilably on the head of Trelkovsky, the catastrophic effects and strange obsession of paranoia in mind, which he played: life almost as a real character, captivating this fascinating sub-world that is part of a collection of strangest crowds, is a very important part of the success of the film, which is why the film's successful film Polanskian enhances the feeling of isolation and Trelkovsky It gives life to a beautiful cage building. The images that Polansk's images use to convey confusion and insanity have supernatural beauty that is frightening and attractive. <br /> <br /> If we find a fault in the movie, this is definitely a bit early one word she This can be deactivated, but the start-up rhythm works perfectly because it imitates the intense life of Trelkovsky and how it will gradually penetrate into another area. Likewise, a confused argument is not easy to understand because of its complex layers. However, more than one mistake, joy is the only way to deal with such a kind of plot. <br /> <br /> "Tenant" may not be for everyone, despite being interested in horror psychology and surrealist northern lines, he will be happy with the experience. "Le Locataire" is actually one of the masterpieces of Roman Polanksi. 10/10
