This is mainly a story that raises the relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). Jeff quickly likes a brief encounter at Skagway steamer and looks for a longer look in his cabin when the authorities are looking for the murderer. They found that they have other things besides animal attraction. Not believing a member of an opposite sex, they apparently married both spouses. Gradually, they learn mutual trust while traveling from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda's tight gannon has tight relationships with Gannon and makes dreadful practices in the Skagway castle version. He must decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a naive French guy, likes Jeff immediately, but only gets brushes. However, he travels to Skagway with Dawson and Dawson in his travels. Together with Ronda, he is taken to health after Gannon's golden claim led to Jeff's death. Walter Brennan, Ben, has helped Jeff for a long time. It does not have functionality, but it softens Jeff's sharp edges. Hila symbolically opens the door of an assistant wife of Jeff. along with his persecution. Obviously, Jeff sees something with himself, he will confess over and over again. The compulsion of Soapy Smith's evil is credible, as Skagway has passed as one of the great men of his time in his last years. Ben), who does not want to stick to the collar for others, although he knows that he is a good workman. In this sense, for example, Burt Lancaster's "Vera Cruz" character is very similar. In this way, Jeff's role in the Dawson authority is down, but he is convinced that Dawson's move to gang up on Gannon's move to all legal claims of gold for all, leaving some miners out and rushing to others. Leaving Dawson Even though Ronda claims that Jeff and Jeff leave Dawson, they are still alive. Then, Jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently still a revenge to Ben and shooting his shooting. The anti-hero and heroic hero varies to Dawson's gang from Gannon. In that regard, the nature of Lancaster does not change, ever being reformed (but Jeff has really changed, or simply distributes the wrongs that contrast his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see with the plot 2 female are the principles Clearly, Ronda is adorned with a pretty lady Jeff. While the girl is clearly distinguished as "bad," Jeff has his last past, shot in at least five men in the US or Yukon, and has returned his cattle to Gannon. Ironically, after Jeff changed his anti-hero hero, Rhonda made a similar change to warn him to go on the street to alert Jeff to a future Gannon's lawn. As a result, he dies and Jeff asks why he was not alone (he thinks he is just an abandoned belief!). <br /> <br /> It's clear that Corine Calvert, Renee, does not just make a credible replacement for murder, Jeff's head. However, the parting scene is an apparent involvement that gets together, although it has never seen a kiss or kiss. A beautiful or naive young woman is threatened by the work of the Rhonda gold dust, which is driven by ground dust and later retrieved. Also, I am very unfavorished with Rube Morris, a middle-class mining company that follows his followers, and makes a claim with him. (He is not his father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the behavior of amateurs. The battle between the gang of Jeff and Gannon. If Gannon had any guns, Jeff had to kill him or he was seriously injured under the Jeff Pavilion, just before Jeff had done it. And how was it that Jeff had shot his right hand and had a good shot at throwing a gun? Also, I ask what they have done and their friends to save the victims of mountaineers. They were far from being able to survive under the snow. And why did not the Ronda team's horses and mules be buried by a mountaineer? <br /> <br /> You will probably see a lot of familiar faces between the miners and the gang of Gannon. The sequels filmed in the Canadian Rockies offer a wonderful action. All-in-all, western very concentrated, most of the main mistakes are at the end. Without a doubt, this film takes on great freedoms with history and geography, especially in Canada's Yukon, much more original than the US Skagway.
