This first-class gold-rush western highlights James Stewart's great excitement, love and screen display. "The Far Country" is the only one to forget about all of the five western mendicities of Stewart-Mann. Stewart once again looks at all the characters in the five western states of Stewart-Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, always looking at himself, that's why he is shocked by people who give him pleasure and enjoyment. Ironically, he wore a bell that did not ride. This shows that only one person can take care of the Ben Tatum party, which Walter Brennan has done for Tatum. Mann once again looks at the new characters that Stewart-Mann introduced in five centuries. It shows violence, excitement, plots, love and corruption. The story Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, become rich in Dawson's fast-growing country, with its golden partners along with Calvet and Flippen, and not so good and beautiful as Roman and his hired. They can not go, they will hang Giffon (McIntire) and his "deputies" through Skagway (that is, the town of Gannon). But eventually McIntire arrives to them, but Stewart and / or his fine is not supposed to have the government. What is McIntire? He urged the ministers to eliminate abuse and money. People are dead. A Dawson sheriff is required, and Calvet Stewart chooses because it is good for a gun. Stewart, however, denies the work, because he plans to get all the gold he can, and then get it out. He also denies that he does not support people, because law and order always gets killed. So it will be chosen in Flipp. A miner killed a man from Gannon, an elegant Muslim man named Madden and two guns, because Wilke plays. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and is responsible for making justice, but he can not cope with it, and so he becomes drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flipp. Stewart and Tatum go out, but Gannon's men are attacked. Tatum is dead and Stewart is injured. Stewart realizes he must do something, or he will take Gannon Dawson, he will set his own rules and be his own country, like Skagway. The audience also realizes what Stewart has to do. Another thing to realize is that Stewart is the only thing that is placed between citizens and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon would take the city. If Stewart does not continue to do anything about it, the citizens will die without mercy and mercy. Here's a great scene. Stewart enters his cabin. He has a kiss on his arm. After a few seconds, standing next to a pendant gun, the gun is close, behind Stewart. She looks at it for a second. Sling out. Sling falls into the back and falls on the back of the chair. This is symbolic because it throws old life because it does not care more than anyone else. Entering a new life to help people in need of help. The ending of the movie is a fiery gun, a fierce show against the good, and we all feel that everything really feels good.
