No doubt, comments in this review! ** I hate ** the American Gothic and I made it late at night when I first started on the Ch4 of the United Kingdom. There are comparisons with Stephen King. A small town with supernatural nature but with fantastic nature. Anyway, and the reason I love so much, is not it black and white! Although he does not have any conscience, Lucas Buck often works, as he says, with enough rope to hang rope people. Its manipulation only works by the moral weaknesses of others. Caleb, though generally, thoughtful, pleasurable, and deep, sometimes shows the hidden side of his father's hidden side. A character is not entirely good or bad, angelic Merlyn's The Plague Sower's plague, due to its advent, is angry. Not only that, but being Gail, Caleb's mother's closest image, not only sleeps, but falls in love with Lucas, I know everything and, however, I would realize that this show would go on and I did not ask for a pardon. I am a great fan of Buffy, but when this show was tried to become 'darker', it failed in the past few years because it failed because it missed the most humorous and did not fully commit to its ideas. AG shows that you have a morally bankrupt character in the middle of the show, and you still have to laugh. <br /> <br /> I could not think why they canceled me. " I will be very annoyed by everything that is cruel. Many good TV shows and good shows are released. Thanks to the creation of the DVD, I can see at least one show! Nowadays, there is a certain appearance, but the story lines are pretty well presented. The actors also feature great performances, more than just some extra camera work. <br /> <br /> That's why I think someone would not like this conception, it's not like X. In the case of 'repair' cases or files that are not large in the non-response question. It's clear that Lucas Buck has bad capabilities and is fighting against Caleb's soul. Therefore, finding this show can be proven to be the most likely to find or "seek out" an unknown person. Yes, there are no mysterious unanswered parties, such as the truth that are resolved by parents Gails, but unlike Lost and X files, this show is not trying to find more about "IMO" events. It's about the characters and the way in which the crushes of the Trinity in the world face the moral. Personally, however, Lucas would get an effort to make each one become an advantage. <br /> <br /> All you need to know is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure that most fans of fantasy and horror LOVE it. Also, the characters that have been suspended have all the arches and the end is suitable for giving a small shutter. The only thing I felt was Matt Dr. It's strange to not be the last episodes. <br /> <br /> I would have to do anything in the second season, but there are 22 episodes in its entirety, and perhaps it seems that the television authorities do not have any heads, I'd be happy this wonderful show! !
