This time, Blackadder is no longer a king (or even something like that) ... He is the owner of Prince Regent, Hugh Laurie (represented by Tim McInnerny, who replaces his presence) and portrayed. This hole was never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... While he felt guilty and was completely immersed, we can not care about him, that is, his substitution is not true, because he was unbearable. apparently (apparently he was, according to the Curiosities page), not to mention a mouthful and quite dangerous. Edmund can only do what he likes now, and he does it. Why is it so frustrated and angry (so to speak, sometimes it is sad)? Yes, his master is a jester, they are always. It seems that there is no lack of money or danger. In the second series, the Queen was evil and baby, and she would cut someone's head - or would marry her - a whim. Here, simply, it's never enough to make any conflict exciting and interesting. There are still comments and a small satire yet. Often, it seems that history is enough to think it's fun, so they just confirm it, trying to make jokes or gag happening. And I can not tell you how much I made before, literally over a minute. It's usually not a positive before you know how to penalize delivery. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... it's still quite pathetic and stupid, it's "humor". Actually, the amount goes through the roof. Do not start with me. Signs of sarcastic and spoken words may still be good, even though they are much lower than before. Half of the episodes were a bit more entertaining and unlucky, and three others were not for me. I was disappointed with what were some of the foreseen land and some of the developments ... There were miles like that far afield. Some materials try hard to get into a fun way and force yourself to be overwhelmed. This continues to keep the "II" habits from time to time to plan the plans. The worst thing in the series is the sequencing of the smallest credits. In short, this is the four favorite ones so far. I recommend to the franchise fans and British comedians in general. 7/10
