Unfortunately, as in such cases, conflicting stories are so many, as everyone tries to blame others, it's almost impossible to get a clear picture of what happened. This movie is a victim of these situations. Writers (too many) have decided to take all the stories and decide on the audience to decide on what's most popular. As in the case of real life, there is no clear answer, there is no consequence, and the viewer does not leave with the general cutoff of compliance (without caffeine, or without sex). Overall, they're generally frustrating and you're wondering why someone has not done the research before putting them on. At least, your movie is put in fiction (ie). <br /> <br /> It is not a good performance here. Kilmer (Holmes) has a remarkable event to bring him to something other than human nature. Kilmer and the real lovers and friends who have looked around the film have shown that a selfish and conflicting man, despite numerous faults, loved and cared for many people (except for himself). The wife of Kudrow Holmes only gives the brightness of the dramatic actor, but it is very bright and unforgettable. Bosworth's character was not emotionally complex, as he needed to show more internal conflicts in order to give credence to Dawn and Holmes (6 months after fleeing to Florida). The effects of Bosworth's sagging cheeks are annoying, sometimes touching, but they show the true position of Schiller. The rest of the characters are puzzled by wood. Lucas could have been an excellent performer, but he was the one who eliminated his teeth. Even though Dylan McDermott was surprisingly in the role of drug clutter. <br /> <br /> The guilty of this movie is not with that cast, but in writing. The chef takes too much of the soup, and this kettle full of promes is hungry. It is possible that the story and the characters were nice, but what kind of movie is it not? Many other films, such as 1989's druggist, cowboy Matt Dillon (who asked for this role and refused), worked with a similar theme, and at the end of the movie you felt the movie end bracket. what did he do Van Sandt gave James Cox and his crew some lessons. If someone tries to find the truth, this would be an interesting story. However, you will find it more enjoyable with the WADD documentary (2 DVDs) and much more information. DVD Holmes did not realize it was bad, but not very good ... yes, most people.
