John Holmes is so famous, it's evil (as the three people say). In Los Angeles, in the early 1980s, Rashomon is a similar story about Wonderland murdering events. This entry was retrieved from the restart participants. There is a story from a friend's perspective, that is, David Lind (interpreted by Dylan McDermott). Eddie Nash takes part in the local robbery attack (Eddie Nash is a famous drug merchant who assumes that he will be the same character in Boogie Nights Alfred Molina) and enters the drug field. There is a view of John Holmes (it is played by Val Kilmer) who has a pawn sticker between two kings (with a cocaine case). He is also a souvenir-patchwork of John's wife (Sharon), played by Lisa Kudrow, and her girlfriend (Dawn - Kate Bosworth plays) fills up between two stories. It's the same time we look at basically, it's just the version of each character. It's the only thing missing from the dead view. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes a little heroic character with a tragic and comical karma. It's a caricature of a real person. There was less, a mixed child who got through a "mixed" boy. Director James Cox turns the comedy off and John makes this episode of life a nightmare by watching everyone. The details of real life murders make this film look terrific. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer, with Jim Morrison, learned from local Doors, improved Salton's performance and improved it later. He has brought us the destruction of John Holmes through cocaine. All actors take realistic portraits of cocaine. Josh Lucas's performance is one of the best films. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is the same character from Boogie Nights as Thomas Jane). Ron was the boss of the gang, John Holmes liked it as a novelty, and cocaine liked shavings like sharks. Using cocaine seems very real. Have they really used Splenda? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a bubble pop (many colors and nostalgia for the 70s), Wonderland is dark. It is a fast and furious action that has many jumps. Cracks and grainy. There is no comedy, but an endless rhythm, as the director tries to get incredible, fast and strong cocaine, to feel the characters feel. It is a graphic film. It's one of the most powerful scenes ever seen in a movie. They actually show murders themselves (initially by John Holmes's eyes and then from the third person's perspective). It's so graphic that it seems like a criminal offense. That scene was just a movie that I had to stop and remember after that scene. This movie is not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights for those interested in John Holmes's other sides. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
