I recently acquired a habit of buying an interesting DVD that Criterion released. Although I hate the film, Criterion seems to compensate for a real mistake in providing additional material with enough material. I have read them, and I buy the most interesting ones for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my final purchase and I must say I'm not disappointed in the movie. It's wonderful, funny and romantic. Everything is excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably be proud and will sing all day long. The plays are very good for such films. The American musician of the Hollywood classical theater played more songs and dancing than real characters and stories; But in Le Million, the characters are quite developed and the story is not very impressive. I love the development of these relationships, especially the relationship between the best friends of Michel and Prosper. Romantic moments are very well developed. Direction is almost perfect, with some memorable moments. Probably one of the best scenes in the film argues when one pair is uniquely arguing. They are hidden in the stage of the opera's opera, and singers and opera singers, Michel and Beatrice sing the lines that interpret their situation. This is undoubtedly one of the main points in film history. The scene made me laugh, they won me with a very delicious romance and they made me smile as light as the director was. I'm giving this 9/10 a movie. P.S. - Information on anyone who has the same faith with the written criteria. Among the Discus Discs that I am currently playing, Le Million has the most impressive features. Everything has a photo gallery (not everything that is useful once, it could happen) and a strange television interview with Rene Clair. This piece is interesting. It was one of the many directors who started filmmaking, and when they first heard the talks, they said they were filming death. I think most film makers understand what they meant by managers, but it's interesting to explain why. Also, if you have read the description of this film on Amazon.com, be aware that they were wrong in an important respect: not all lines of the movie were sung. In fact, there are more songs than regular music. It's similar to Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. Disc critics are not so important. Reasons, Criterion is entitled to complain. In fact, their people surely spent hundreds of hours on a movie, 20 (now 21!) People who voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people, if that's the case, they will never see the movie. Reason, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million has not been found anywhere. I do not know why. It's really something they should be proud of (of course, there are terribly cool websites). In this work they did a great job. Bravo! They deserve all the money they can give!
