David Lynch's films and shorts would not like everyone. Dumbland, more than ever. I'm sorry, as Dumbland finds people in, as 'I get it' or 'what's going to be' a real brand. It's not exactly surrealism, but absurd is not a refund. Very stupid too. But this stupidity can be an ironic mind, that the author knows so well that he is a child and a bad person, and one's conscience is a plus, not detraction. <br /> <br /> Hertzfeldt and Judge's Animation show (that is, Lynch here is a lot similar to that of two executives, much more in common than just a short series of short stories). He worked for more than 20 years Focused on a lummox with QI. A scary and terrifying woman, and a child with a ginger and / or cross-shaped cross. Episodes have small situations like a faulty treadmill. There is only one salesman who can recruit the Gettysburg address, a sick brother, see antalculations, and just walk through the couch at the base. Lynch is still experimenting because he's been getting better or worse. Inland Empire and abroad for a period of five years. <br /> <br /> On one hand, he is returning to the roots of his first short film, which he achieved six times as a sixth, as a repetition. It means a means, sometimes it works and sometimes it does not. For example, a passage that is sitting around the house when the tooth flows through the bloodstream and a fly is around, absurdism creates waxes and disappears like a good effect. And it's a fun episode with a friend who is going to turn it up for a better look at Beavis and Butt-head (both laugh like idiots and kill things like fish and sheep). At the end, Lynch shows the delightful abstractions of the front, the worst possible imaginations and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> The "ants" that are closest to surrealism, just like the spray-spray ("Kill"), which is very cheap but fun at the Lynch society's conventions. In a music chorus line, forms are included. One of the funniest things I've watched the filmmakers is "got a stick". There, we see the fonts, driven by their son, he will take a stick in his mouth. Soon, the neck breaks, the eyes come out, and if you remove that stick, you do not watch it like a traffic cover. At other times, such as appearing in unexpected crashes, it is drawn with a clean paper that blinks with an idiom (especially the man and grandmother), in one of the lips of Lynch. the characters are the deepest), and a vibrant quality that reminds Hertzfeldt's creaminess. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I do not know yet Dumbland would have something to say if someone was not in the hands of a Lynche but he did not see a large part of it, so he alone left them. There are a few small points about society that can be thought of more closely than those who think of Lynch's mind in real life. However, in general there is not much to be read, that's why I would say that more than half of them hate hatred. Those who create smaller pits in comedy animation should be prepared.
