Dominick (Nicky) plays Luciano "Hulk" shirts and trudges as a garbage man to accomplish everyday tasks. He takes his physical power to the trash of others and will take him to the city's landfill. She reads comic book hero stories and fights fighters and fight. Birthday is a tradition when he goes to WrestleMania to his younger brother Eugene. Talk to many people who are in contact with the day. She reads the comic book she finds in the trash, with a young boy who often goes through the junk route. Unfortunately, Dominick reduces his ability to use himself. It has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominical disability was caused by a brain injury suffered by a traumatic brain injury. This injuries slowed down, but did not change his main characteristic as a powerful person who helps protect other people. Dominick is capable of living independently than it seems at the beginning. He is studying with Dr. Eugene. Dominick is the main source of money, while Eugene is learning. Eugene must confront his education in another city, and he must move away from Dominick. Eugen also develops a love that begins to separate herself from her partner. <br /> <br /> The film deals with domestic abuse and can affect individuals, families and then society as a whole. The tension between Eugene and Dominick, Eugene, when Nicky realized she was going to end up, broke up on the birthday night. Eugene Dominick shouts and throws it against the wall. At this time, Eugene has to be afraid of being a father's abusive, while Dominick was protecting her father while he became a victim of abuse. This event promoted the love between the two brothers, since then, they were the best friends. Although they needed each other, independence and ability to interact with and develop with others. The paths involved should be a terrible upheaval. However, at the end of the film, Dominick may say goodbye to his brother and he owes him. Eugen can leave his brother to create a social network that has created a social network of his own, contributing to independence. <br /> <br /> Dominick is the witness of his friend's abuse. it must be confronted with the cause of its own trauma. In that extreme stress, Dominick almost completely shuts. Afterwards, he goes to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After knowing that the boy is dead, he is in the presence of an abusive father who is afraid of his testimony, he has not seen anything, he knows nothing, and if he does not say it, he will die. him His life threatened to find Larry's hand gun that used to kill rats. The deceased boy and the gun go after him, he kidnaps his family's pain. The scene escapes and hides in a building. When the police surround him, the Eugene building enters to talk with his brother. Then, Eugene Dominic reveals the cause of disability and they bring the baby back. Then, his father's fault threatens to kill his weapons Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he has seen his father throw his son down the stairs. dysfunctional behavior is seen. Understanding Dominick's child's rescue instinct, we see that the response is harmful. Dominick risked the lives of his children and his life. The greater social consequences of these events are not directly involved, but rather when the movies are finished. Even though it is a more optimistic portrait of the end, the sequence of other events may have occurred, against the ownership of Dominick kidnappings and weapons. It's hard to believe that this is not. Additionally, if Dominick is not charged, there may still be stigma within the community, not before such events. Instead, we have to prove that we need to recognize the problematic behavior of the film and act as a means of reducing it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene premiered in 1988, the same year that Rainman won another movie. . Rainman had an achievement and helped increase visibility with people with disabilities, as Dominick and Eugene are more valuable lessons for society. Rainman has shown that "socially" could be capable of learning and preserving American society, if the property is the successor of a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that people with disabilities can take care of and support members of United States societies. The message of an independent person with disabilities can be stronger in 1988. Fortunately, society will see the strengths of people with disabilities, not as threats, but the strength of society is essential.
