I fully capture horror movies and I've seen good and bad things - Zombie Bloodbath is a low-budget video. Sure, the play is a bad thing, the story is a mix of zombies that are essentially mixed, and the quality is small in small places. It seems that you miss something fun and fun. The effects are as follows: as I have said, the KISS-like face area does not exclude the good KISS from latex work. However, if you buy a movie with such a title, this movie is gore, and it's amazing in that field. The effects are very good for such small films. Someone called a party movie and that's it. 100% party fun movie. I have heard from several websites, that is, the "rough cut" of the movie that received the release in general, but the "director's cut" DVD and a very good quality. I will buy and judge myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power station that is bad and it does zombies. He closes the governor, hides his story and houses to save his sanctions. Some plants are still underground and the dead of the dead are attacked and attacked by the area. Some actors make a lot of work, a social comment is quite correct, a wonderful and true view, good music, great lighting, effective suspensions, and tons of blood and sick gore. He is attacked by the guy and he is torn down from the bottom, you know what you mean. Then his trips were thrown into his mouth. Another is broken down in the middle of the day as it was on the dead, and they did an excellent job. There are millions of gore gags and almost ALL is the action. I have said I'm having a prude, enjoying life and getting more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat. Two great epic epics. <br /> <br /> Welcome - UPDATE !!! I received a set of DVDs and here I thought: <br /> <br /> I have a better image quality and once I saw the movie's DIRECTOR'S CUT authentic and much better movie. I liked it before, but now I see what Todd Sheets really wanted to do with it. And it also helps with comments, as well as listening to the film in addition to the film, it also knows that zombies are a trash movie, but it shows respect for all the people involved. The pages are also humorous and others that have a very low level of interest for others to watch movies. Zombie Bloodbath's back is also very fun. I thought it was almost entertaining to make the movie. There are excellent interviews behind the scenes, along with the most important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. In front of all, it's a fun little movie on the edges, but I still laughed and walked! I've watched a lot of DV movies and some movie movies, and they get bored a lot, but this is not really. Although DV newer films are technically superior, they are just not that much fun! <br /> <br /> PS - Have I heard that they're reusing them in the big budget ???
