I got a copy of this two DVD drive and, despite being the perfect one, I wanted to waste a bit of overall experience. I must first mention directly that I am a zombie movie fan, and I think that the good people who made these films. I also have a gentle spot where people who are trying to live in dreams are sometimes opposed. And again, these people are doing it. Is this collection of awards for this amazing movie? No Do not close too. But when it comes to making a low budget, these films should be recommended. For me, the last line is always entertaining? Do I have a good time? And here both were the answer "Yes". The first of the series is also raw. In a nuclear installation an accident is generated and people or something melts. A few years later, a new housing community has been built on old reactors. Some children fall into a hole in the video and find themselves trapped in the lower levels of the facility. They are recovered, but the hole is not sealed and the opening people begin to emerge from a hole. Soon after all the people overcome the dead. And these zombies are fun. From fresh shoots, the white face is the cheapest lid ever, but they are fun. The whole movie is the commitment of the last of the deceased and dead in the area, when our heroes go to the lower levels of the reactors, to get the meat to eat zombies and stamp the seal forever! Pretty cheesy, but I think it was. However, it is moving very fast, its effects have huge buckets and really have some style. The performance is different, but some good performances shine and you should really listen to the follow-up comments. I went back and saw it again with that and I saw that the movie was good news about rehearsals and fun. Todd Sheets is proud of his first movie, but he does not deceive. He knows that zombie is a trash movie, but he shows respect for the people. The pages are also humorous and others that have a very low level of interest for others to watch movies. Zombie Bloodbath's back is also very fun. I thought it was almost entertaining to make the movie. There are excellent interviews behind the scenes, along with the most important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. In front of all, it's a fun little movie on the edges, but I still laughed and walked! I've watched a lot of DV movies and some movie movies, and they get bored a lot, but this is not really. Although newer DV movies are technically superior, they are just not fun! In general, this is good, if it's a bit defective, release plenty and dirt. While not leaving much movement rule, I've been a fun and always laughing series, so I'm giving this a good recommendation. Todd Sheets was not trying to make the artist who won the art, she was trying, sometimes it seems to be different, with a zero budget, fear of the rumor and for that.
