I can not say much about this movie on all the comments on the first page, as Jesse says - "It's a berry." All of your own comments pages were eloquently written, almost as in the interview in this movie. This is just one of those things that you can hear about it, but it's usually the actors that make the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford made a rigorous direction for actors / actors in filming this movie, because the beauty of the story would not be lost. <br /> <br /> I was also a church when I was very young. and at the end of my teens. The shepherd of the church spoke quietly and silently as Maclean Republic did in his church. This is, in itself, an image that is completely different from portraits of the Southern Church. My church is not divine. It was a great church, with different programs for the congregation, perhaps the inspiring music department had its choirs and almost classic hymns. The Sunday night congregation was almost as young. Do you know that going to the church on Sunday night was safe? How would I still like it! Watching "A River is Running" is a very beautiful priest who is listening to all the members of a community that are completely involved in life. As already well-written, the sermon for this movie is beautiful places in Montana. Is there still missile silos? Fly-fishing or family members get together to make a happy life for any other activity - and it becomes a deep understanding of each other. Although you see some darker aspects of life, the simplicity of the story paints a permanent impression on your heart, if you leave it. Speakers and prostitutes are balancing in front of the picnic of the old community, as in this movie: modern high-contrasting families lend happily happy children to Disneyland and call them "one day together". This is wrong, but as "River" proves, his taciturn beauty can not make life richer. This is the third movie I have watched, where I saw Tom Skeritt (?) Father, who plays different styles and brilliantly. <br /> <br /> Except for "Thelma and Louise" and "Thelma and Louise", especially not known by Brad Pitt. "Meet Joe Black" and all the members have earned a lot of prizes. Very well-known short stories from 10 to 10 will get me with violence, mischievous language, misfortune and "action" in any movie. Most of the films "Crash" and "Arnold" are thinking in particular. The Savior of Peace is a movie.
