Oh, Moonwalker, I'm a fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with him with music, it was the first music I ever saw in Thriller. Believe it or not, Michael Jackson was one of the times when he was like a god, when women disappeared before being seen before seeing him, Michael disappeared. But Moonwalker began to pay tribute to the success of that era, when he released his record when released the famous record. The first album was ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, he writes, sings, sings, danced, but retains a story with his or her audience? not so much. <br /> <br /> It's very easy: Jackson's music, life, career, and success in the 80's was Michael Star's world mania. Later, he is a gangster in the style of the 30s, whose faculty represents crime to protect children. When they were allowed to have children close to us, we considered children and a dog in the area. The dog runs away and, looking for them, Jackson and his children reveal Big Mist, Frankie Lideo, to the mafia drug, a land that wants to be a completely intelligent drug in the land army. start with the child. Big Mr. He has found Jackson and his children, but they escape; Jackson tells 30-year-old Club children to respond, which is still a night-time night from the 1930s. The story has returned to attacks by Jackson's attackers, and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gangster, the power of star attack. As the club goes through, Jackson becomes a sports car and Big Mr. Mr. It contains 30-year-old children's stories from the club, and at first children are afraid of it, but Jackson seems to transform the terrifying atmosphere of the club and is for children in the 1930s. The clubs are full of dancers and swing dancers today. Jackson has danced with other club members as a music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the top of the song, Big Mr. The club is besieged and kidnapped by a child Katy. Jackson continues behind the Big Deposers and surrounds his squires. Mr. Big appears, and mentally Jackson's torture threatens the highly addictive narcotics of injecting Katie. Katie is just about to take Joe Pesci's glasses and get injected, Mr. Big tells us that he has enough and his man has ordered Katie to die before Jackson finishes, but before shooting a star. Jackson turns into a giant robot and Mr. He kills all Big soldiers. Yes, ummm, do you like extra curiosity? Watch movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is fun in the middle of the first half, seeing Michael's success and his hard work really appreciating his fans. Mostly want to report his album? Yes, I love the one who praises the first 25 minutes that pass, and then we will go to his song "Let Alone", which is hypocritical, not an excellent song, just a small turn of events. . When we skip the crime of crime, the story was very weak: the criminals listened to their name in long voices as Michael and Katie were spying, lol, Michael suddenly transformed, suddenly the monster monster is great for children. high In the same way, the leopards have a powerful ray guns, thanks to Marvin's red martyr. If a new thing that gives us a movie is a new incredible thing, Smooth Criminal is a new video. This video is a perfection, is choreography, setting, a song, a gentle style, Michael always surpasses perfection and Smooth Criminal has been incredible. Moonwalker I loved the baby, I still see it funny this day, but not the best movie, in any case, it's pretty stupid, but it's all just a fan of Michael Jackson. <br /> <br /> 7/10
