This is the third comment I'm trying to connect to two of my legendary movie comedies: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. Here is the link 1940 The first film was Hal Roach's latest studio studio. Then I will mention the importance of this. In addition to being the last time they worked for Stan and Ollie, Charlie Hall and James Finlayson feature prominent feature films that feature most of these films. Art Lloyd's camera and Marvin Hatley's song is also known as "The Cuckoo Song" ("Dance of the Cuckoos"). And Stan Laurele would ultimately be in the process of making full control over what happens with the film. In L & H this film has more murky structures than usual, it's nice to know that most of the gag are fun. It incorporates most of the visual and visual effects, that is, the latter, by Roy Seawright Roach staff. In this, Ollie "hornophobia" works in a bustling factory, Finlayson will order to rest until it's seafront. Ollie did not like to go by boat, because Stan suggests they make a connection and will not go in any way. After finding one of those who liked it, we found out that the detective Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) escaped ... I will stay there and I can say that this could be good as it was expected at a time at L & H's home. It's funny to think of the horny thing to the finish line from the beginning to the end when he thinks he can really think about the man in charge of their team. Oh, and I have a couple more to mention: Harry Bernard is the last episode of two films, playing with Stan and Ollie as a policeman for a few years, and Ben Turpin, a fake comic. He was born in New Orleans a couple of hours ago from my current Baton Rouge, whose second L & H appearance had been "getting married" before the boys at Our Wife. The last performer has a particularly comical time. Well, in 1940 I mentioned the latest film published by Stan and Ollie at Hal Roach Studios. In the first year, a group of comedies born in the state of New Jersey was also his home studio, Universal. The director of this film would be under the leadership of The Flying Deuces under L & H for the same year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. PD Filmmaker Virginia Lucille Jones was responsible for the accident with her round carpet. This event led by Oliver "Babe" Hardy to her roster in her hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. In 1957 Babe's death lasted.
