BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD follow two hard films as follows. SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie, the latest comedy by Laurak & Hardy (JITTERBUGS or one of the following films). It's just a small movie, without the crazy devastating giant BLOCK-HEADS, or the unbelievable visibility of Stan's "CHUMP AT OXFORD" real identity, it's only two minutes lower than 57 minutes. It's a bit of a movie, but that's really not a bad point. Suffice it to play the appropriate notes for the time. It's just as unique as two others. <br /> <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work on a branch that manufactures twigs. In this sequence, I think that Chaplin had a bit of an effect (in the coming years he reminds us of a similar line of MODERN MODE ONLY). Ollie's nerves finally adhere to, and deep. She goes home and (of course) her room in the room does not help. Stan has a music lesson with his teacher's eccentric (inside him - trombone). After winning the bad teacher, Ollie is in trouble / poor engineer (in a brief appearance by Ben Turpin) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and the nerve tester (while pushing the air over a balloon). Ollie in the stomach. Finleyson announces that "horniphobia" is a bad case, and Ollie needs vacation with silence and goat's milk. They go to a ship and know nothing about the sailor Ollie and Stan; so they will sleep in the boat. Sadly, the goat breaks the rope and the boat is afraid. Unfortunately, on the ship is Richard Cramer, a dangerous crime escaped. This will not be a peaceful holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPS SEA (like A CHUMP A) could be three short ones, one in a factory, one in the apartment and one in the aboard. Each one would be short-lived, and they all make a fun movie, but they sew together the pieces that they play together. There are some very entertaining moments in the film: the discovery of non-delirious turpinism in the apartment that can cause faucets and stoves under water; Charlie Hale, CEO of the building, unexpectedly points out Stan or Ollie himself and asks him for directions ("Can I find it in the basement?" Stan asks - "You can certainly not miss ... on the bottom!" says Halle, who realizes the stupid comment what has happened, and Cramer's two abuse of slavery. Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (a call from Dean Brothers in the 1930s of the Cardinal of St. Louis). See Dan Dailey's LOUDEE OF ST LOUIS. Cramer prepares some foods and makes a synthetic food (such as spaghetti boots, for example) to get sick. When it comes to what they have done, it forces them to eat themselves. Their reactions are excellent. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not in relation to the top line of Laurel and Hardy, but the whole movie is generally the result of their best years. film career (1927-1940) with Hal Roach. A couple of years later, boys and Roach had serious problems in production costs (GURE HARREMAN, Stan film producer), artistic problems (SWISS MISS scenes were unreasonable) and contract arguments (leading Ollie Harry Langdon He appeared in ZENOBIA, Stan and Ollie knocked down THE FLYING DEUCES, where Roach's production was not Boris Morros, but at last, A CHOP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA set two photo agreements and problems - and good comments The boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they never found a happy relationship with a producer.
