Jacknife is a war movie that is as close as war movies. It is almost impossible to classify as a war movie, because the story of the war or the only way that the characters can make is their memories, which we can hardly ever see. He questions very interesting questions about life, especially since the movie taglin says that only one of them is alive (and even more so, although the talk only refers to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro)). he is talking about all the three characters in the movie). Dave and Meg were friends in the Vietnam War, and Meg returned to Davera as part of a fishing trip and planned much more time than you guessed. <br /> <br /> DeNiro offers the best performance of Megsen nature, because we do not really know whether we would like it or if it does not really believe it. Davie reminds her that Marthari Megs is not her friend, someone who knows her. There's a great scene at the beginning of the movie, Megs is going to get her breakfast out of the six package beer booth, and she's in the corner of the room when Davek says this. Meg pauses for a moment and then enters into the room with a smile and with a big smile. Not long after, Megs did not realize that he had to feel listening to it, remembering what he wanted to do on that day. It reminds us of one-sided lies, "Surely, let's do this", the only thing that people say is that they do not have any plans to do such things. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris gives a wonderful performance like Dave, who never achieved the anti-war effect. During that time, he did not help the death of a friend during the war, for the same day he was guilty of doing so, and so his life was overwhelmed with alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. What he wants, he says, is to leave people alone. This is not a man who is wanting to live his life, whether he is really alone or not, is a man that tries to forget about a man who is alive, to distinguish it as much as possible. <br /> Martha reminds me of her sister, at least with my classmates. I am 21 to 24 years old, and both of them play with their mother when they wait for some time to leave their mixes. One particular one (older, unfortunately enough), has no idea how to take care of it, I'm surprised I do not have to clean my chin while eating it. Martha needs a lot to keep her brother, her hand and her footing, because she will turn away her life from one hanger to another. Martha and Dave stop and nobody can pull them out until they change a lot, and that's what Davis needs to make changes. <br /> <br /> I'm complaining of religion, just like Roger Ebert's short-lived devices, in the red digital reading, that happened in the movie that complained. But in this case, I do not think that the love that Megs and Martha have produced has had a negative impact on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it was much more interesting because it was not planned. The problem with Bruckheimer's films and the slightest sense is a problem to predict an interesting and obvious event that is coming to an end and ending. In this case, however, it is not evident that Megs and Martha will not be familiar with Megs. Martha could have been correct about her, because she was one of Dave's crazy warriors, and she did not have to eat any kind of man. Davis definitely drives this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) After a few years of this movie, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he was considered a great criminal to take revenge on his lawyer who was being imprisoned. With retrospect, it is very easy for Jacknife to think that Ms. Martha realizes his mistake at the end of Jacknife, Meg takes off and Davek makes up his mind because of the horrific relationship and then decides to clear his action. because he has done something good for him. I was hoping for some time to make it happen, so I was so amazed that Martha and Megs got together and I was even more amazed when Megs asked me questions about what Davies wanted to do after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes the drama is slow, but Jacknife is entertaining on the way and at the end has a great deal of profit, which is an incredibly cheeky management. At the end of the film, there is still a lot of emotion in relation to the rest of the film, but it's so good that no movie has ever fallen into it. Everyone who plays is a wonderful performance and is one of the strangest movies that are almost upright, so you can win and shake your hands in the air.
