The combination of reading Novella and watching this movie has inspired my wife and I to the new levels. Recently, Thomas Kinkade was thinking of a phrase he made in one of his inspirational books; He says: "You and I would not be designed to breathe air into five morning air circulation. I do not think that God's television programs are trivial, the hypothesis of the media, the lack of shopping, and the creation of soul-polluting universes." "I did not see" that runs through the river "for a couple of years, but after Kinkade's statement, he brought me something with a spiritual look. I saw it and I watched a whole new world movie and I was inspired to read the book (instead of reading it). I was in Southern California, but somehow I got caught up in its materialistic society, the film shows how to make God's creations truly, the combination of the story of Macleans and the desire to return to the Northwest to Montana. I want to go horseback in the open lands and the calm lakes set in the foothills. A place to worry about the crime, I look at SoCal, and I can see the people of Mercedez Bens, ordinary traders, disturbed highways, some eruptions Vehicles that are disturbing around the storm mileage and the skeptic intentions of others. <br /> <br /> However, the very inspiring movie is a great story about the great performance and the fragile link between lovers. There are deep thoughts in this film. The landscape is only visible and it really helps to alleviate the tension. You need completely quiet and finished ideas with your own life in this film. He needs compassionate, intelligent, and spiritual people to truly understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and the director achieves his / her goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, landscape, camera angle / movements, etc. Next, this movie is not for the people who think it's "The Fast and Furious" movie. He was surely entertaining, but heavier. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This film tells you that you do not realize how much money or what you realized. Rather, it relates to your relationship with your family and friends and your experiences. WE ARE NOT QUALITY
