I read the short story by Norman Maclean, and the film is directed to Norman Maclean's writing. My husband is reading from time to time and I read it and it reminds me of the scenes of the movies. We have videos of many Redford movies and we've watched "A River Crossing" regularly. Redford is part of "famdamily", because it's always around. We do not have Redford writing Norman Maclean and his perception of Montana beauty. The script tells me my education, because my dad called Maclean's dad's father. "Through the river", "the Methodists are the Baptists that can read", it's by no means a short story, but I think that's a fun line! My husband and I are baptized readers! <br /> <br /> I have heard a film criticism that the pace of this film is too slow. I do not agree. As you seek inner peace, you will see the beauty of nature at the three / four rhythm of the metronome. Photography is outstanding! It is a great operation. Norman and Paulek loved the scene that talked boys, and they asked me whether it was a fly fisherman or a boxer. Then, Brad Pitt (Se7ven), as a grown-up, is a "guy who needs alcoholism," but he did not accept it. The same is true of Neal Burns, who uses worms as a bait, that he needs help, but he did not need support. Paul has to wait for eternity and the whole family to wait for eternity to say goodbye! Finally, after a few hours, everyone kneels around the table: "Grace!" And everyone goes away. Oatmeal remained in the plate! This scene where two loves birds and their tattoos their descendants! That's fun! Sunburn! Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) has decided to go to the train line. Nice conversation Norman tells Jessie why she wants to come with her Chicago! <br /> <br /> <br /> Redford himself works as a narrator. I could not stop myself by comparing Brad with the young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The selected director, producer, actress, a visionary, worthy of being worthy of the American cinema, but also for the advancement of cinema worldwide. I'm glad I've lived through the dying months for black and white television, all of the movies and technology and special effects, because I've been able to watch videos at home and be able to live in Redford. They have seen their works. Redford does not have any special effect on Montana's beauty to show up on this masterpiece. What distinguishes my river from life distinguishes death, memories, and realities. Redford attracts the hands of the Creator so great and crosses the river.
