Coonskin could be my favorite Ralph Bakshi film. Like the best of his work, it's your face and it's not embarrassed for a second, but unlike his other works (although it's his best, it was before and after Coonskin Heavy Traffic and Wizard), it's not different, though it looks reverse . Bakshi takes stereotypes and races perceptions, of course, but it also seems to be exploiting a exploitative exploitation; almost nothing to do without Bakhits. If it were merely a film of non-exploitation with creative animation, it would be a key element. The goals of Bakshi are greater: blacks but Italians, mafiosos, homosexuals, and Jews, and in the 70s of New York, throw out all sorts of grotesque and excessive images of New York. realistic The most common creation in the "real" drawing is painted by ordinary, white and blue women. <br /> <br /> The extreme stereotype and conventions, and the enormous silence of racism (that is, "tar" -barbit, baby "joke, joke, and black-face), we are looking for a high degree of abstraction, Bakshi is not taking it seriously, as it is not a film like Spike Lee Bamboozled, when they deliver their message. Most of the time, Coonskin is a hilarious piece of work where images and things are done and sudden behavior and, of course, some difficult behaviors ( I love the scene of the three cartoons, the white life of real life and the "white" of white couples, all the same, are not too laughter. Not only is the image, stylized and "very" overcome, but with a strict script , this time, considering that Bakshi is the key, improvisations and insanity are quite clear. <br /> <br /> The first action directly, then using the animation, and then the quick connection between these two (ironically, Bakshi later took a commercial form with Cool World with Cool Money and less money) with Pappy and Randy waiting for a friend to escape from the prison wall, and tells the story of Pappy Brother Rabbit , Along with Brother Bear and Predator Fox to go to Harlem and have Rabbit with Rabbit. Jabba-Hut-esquire Goddess's character. This is clearly, South of Song's high-speed cartoon and happy animation, the rip-off and what's shown here is really rotten and offensive. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi breaks up by combining forms; The animation characters are left behind and move along with live action; Violence and guns and fights are as bloody as 1975; When a dirty policeman gets into a bar and tries a black face and a dress, Disney travels with Dumbo; With Brother Bear's boxing and an encounter with an opponent, it is shooting at the highest point; The footage of footage old movies are produced occasionally, some of which are just 20 without any flavor. <br /> <br /> Mel Brooks or Kubrick or just like South Park, Bakshi Coonskin is the first entertainment. and then a provocative second thought. It is also courageous to make films on a separate scale; Designed for a long time and designed for characters (based on the theme of the piece), they are all in the script, where B-movie drawing opens up much more for interpretation. Calling the racist is missing the point; Dr. Strangelove's atomic deformation or the United States of Confederate America is like slave. And, for me, it's one of the best satire ever made.
