A stunning realization occurs when a phenomenon occurs! It will be off the butterfly, witnessing a robbery, hurricane devastating hurricane everything in its path, or on the other, any other spectacular appearances! In the Maclean family, however, the party was more complex than everyday life. XX. At the beginning of the century, Montana was a rough and cramped environment. The Maclean family was four. People, father, minister, ideologically encouraged him to raise his family properly. His wife was afraid of God and was wonderful. Both boys, well ... BOYS !! ... What else can you say ... The protagonist of this movie Brad Pitt really was before! Brad Pitt and his plays were dramatically outstanding ... His brother, Norman, was a kind of brain that felt real emotion and value for the least value. Missoula, Montana admitted !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was an imbalance from displacements and lived on the edge ... In the 1920s Montana was not supposed to be, but in some ways, bets, drinks and violent conflicts. Paul, as his wing fishing rod was! Fly fishing! Did I say? Parenthetically, this was the core theme of this film! Birdwatching Entertainment homogenized the family spirit of the Maclean brothers and, less, dad! I would describe it as a very believing feature in this film and went beyond cinematic cinema. Put that way, anyone who watches the movie wants to live in Montanan. Blue is much more blue than the mountains and blue streams. and the effervescence of the Maclean brethren ... You often witness a movie where all feelings are immediately called to get nonsensical to get someone else to achieve nonsense. The Maclean brothers lived all over their lives and, better or worse, the father knew that this would be a way of becoming two men it was only one !! ... Robert Redford directs the film, and tells the story of Maclean from his old brother's point of view, Norman, Norman. ... Norman was married at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and married a woman who is in love ... This film also emphasizes that younger brother, Paul, has achieved an achievement. an intrinsic nature, due to the nature of a great fly fisherman! The younger brother of life exists in younger brother, and Maclean has a family shamelessness! As most of the human deficiencies progress, Maclean's family made it clear (literally) in confused water, and thus brought together the necessary shutters that unified the unity of the family !!! <br /> <br /> The end of the film presents "Life in the River" by the eyes of the elder brother's epigram. For Norman Maclean, esticity is a condition for sustainability in its emerging years. Thus, fate largely reflects on his life as anxiety for people who have died. His brother, his good memories of his wife, his mother and his father can be seen philosophically! For Norman, his life has been moved to determine uncertain forecasts and total precariousness! Something as simple as "This is your life, and it is like this," that is how you have lived, a memory of joy, sadness, regrets and love, as it was, as well as the recipient! His father was best placed in the last preaching, his father said: "We can totally love someone without understanding it", whether it happened in the case of what happened in your life or not, it happened! Norman Maclean must have taken into account the misunderstanding of his life! The result of Norman MacLean's career has become a different octogenarian virtual polarized! The marvelous waters of the rivers Montana can serve as rugged waters and differences in groundwater! Without a doubt, the "difficult thing seems to be very simple" is a fruitful expression that suggests a very clear message in this movie ... Simply put ... Norman is one of the most sour and sweet people in life today. remembrance .... The rivers and streams of Montanya are just a wicked intellectual murmur of the wreckage of the wicked water that was wasting ... Maclean for the whole family "all things get into the middle of the river and cross it"
