Batman and Superman. Iconic The best part of a century. Who does not know these two? A great number of fans who are dying for a movie around them must be there. Sandy Collor has advanced and has completed a trailer for such a movie (that is, there is no one created and much less). Perhaps, this is how light it will go. Cinematography is very good. Edition is provisional. The production values, even those that look like those with feature-length characters, are quite high. It looks like "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical characteristics make every character as appropriate as possible. The lines are reasonably written. Plans are well thought out, well-developed and quite efficient. However, this one has problems and, despite being good, it does not match Grayson's energy and skill (it's just a problem with being too short and a trailer). as a noisy passion that introduces too many characters and ideas. It may appear obvious. ... it's not good. Only those who have a line and / or almost not appear on the screen fail to provide a good performance. The actors involved in the section seem to appeal to more characters who play more than their talent. Then it's a handwriting. Really, on the plot, well, how little there is (this and a team of characters, some bad lands ...) it's okay. There is a problem in characterization. Although most of the characters seem to fit, both faces, alright, are very similar to crazy (that is, as far as I understood, not a character) in Batman Forever (and being). Understanding the work done by Batman in any element of the universe, compared to Joel Schumacher's efforts, we can curse the greatest passion. Additionally, setting this character will create comparisons between this trailer and that film (honestly, Collora can almost demand this kind of initial expression) and, therefore, everything loses respect. Michael Antonik definitely does not have a screen presence by Tommy Lee Jones, and make-up (as we have mentioned, is essential) is not as strong as the movie (whether it was good or not good), the movie is another thing) . Although Tristea da Fiorella (who created John, Grayson) seems to be much more in comics, their depths are better (it's also possible to be a compelling line). Grayson had enough material for a dozen or so long films; Collora seems to have access to obtaining funds and it is more likely to have contact (due to non-indie filmography). shot to get her trailer. I want to see other works by Collora. But Fiorella is definitely one of the two most interesting works. I recommend it to the lovers of the characters. 7/10
