I have to admit that seeing a film by Antonioni has been difficult to finish from the beginning to the end, and even more so I can see it in three parts again and again. In the end, I thought it was a better way, thinking of the plot's usual conditions, and I enjoyed the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to be much fragmented, it is not a bad thing, it requires the effort to follow. When the scene of the desert is set, all efforts will be reimbursed. It's just part of this stunning cinematography, it's truly unforgettable that the landscape is a huge presence, which makes silence and mind, sadness and freedom; young characters The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels far more alien to the urban scenes. The dance between the aircraft and the car of the girl performs excellent shots. Desert love scenes are beautiful, it is difficult to imagine this type of approach from our time. Of course, it is very elegant and well-known around them, but at the same time, it is very rare for these rare and natural spontaneous innocence these days. Everything feels loose and unreadable (also through the acting), but that is the result of a generous attention to detail and form, that is, its challenge in a series of explosives, a truly spectacular show. It leaves you awesome <br /> <br /> I do not feel the usual inconveniences: boring - well, if all the movies are going to follow and pack a classic plot of development. With a twist on the action, but if that was the case, it would be really dull and dull; Unexplained, perhaps, but with an ambitious capability, depth and style, it seems full. The slightest "political" criticisms for me, I do not intend to approach such a film, with ideological or worse conditions, patriotic patriots. He just defeated the goal. Perhaps it is true that, as mentioned earlier, Antonion investigated these young "hippies" and foreigners with protests and political revolts, but I think this adds something to the movie. It is true that the hippies were not in Italy at the time (think of the '68 protest, as in France), although it certainly was different from the US party and, in a way, militant. But the interest in this movie was not very politic. The events seem more apparent than the quality of a movie, universal and timeless. <br /> <br /> Reference to a wonderful soundtrack. Among other things, this movie, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the foremost mainstream artist of the "contemporary artists" video, as well as the concept of a movie soundtrack with his own film. He uses music in a much more subtle way, mixing with an action rather than landscape. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional narrative in a movie, do not worry. If you want to be surprised, be patient and you will not regret it.
