When this film was made, the hippie was the main thing. The smuggling ideas were well-established, which is why a great movie can be done. However, he has to say something and he is really said. Wanking material is not only awaiting you, but this film gives you great thanks to its beautiful scenes (most of them are just enough reasons to watch the movie). The soundtrack of this film, which became a feature film, was another advantage. Pink Floyd "carefully focuses on that axis Eugene" is very well suited for explosions, but in other scenes music makes the movie a pleasant mood. But. It seems that most posts in this movie have been forgotten. If you do not understand, it seems that most things happen, I will give you some advice: "a tough man, what is his name" Mark "?" Reality Team. "This group says" I'm ready to die, but not boredom, "says this group, then steals with an airplane stealing, surely looking for an action. Dead Grateful Dark Star (Live / Dead (I think). This song has the phrase "you and I will go while we can", but this is not heard in the film. (Perhaps, being too remote means that the budget is essential) It looks at a plane girl. (Daria), who is driving in his car to a conference (which allows ordinary families to live in a relaxing place in the desert, everything is very simple and enjoyable for the whole family!), Diving, almost a blow to the car, in the plane territory, and Detroit- It connects the girl that arrives at the point where they stay at the Zabriskie point where they enjoy each other with their living things and nature, then with a big car (like the type of sleep) and a ship showing Visit at Zabriskie Point. My dad says something about "what's driving on the wreck here" and the baby sitting in the car, smiling. I felt "this was not much better than on television". Daria Mark takes Mark in the style of a psychedelic style, along with the identity number "non-war" and vice versa. It is also written in the "Bucks Sucks". Mark takes the place where he steals the plane, saying to Dari, "I'm not in danger," or something he says before, some tips that he does not care too much about his destiny. (This is because the environment that surrounds it does not give anything - "I wonder what is happening in the real world") knows the police at the airport and that will also return to boarding. . He listens to Daria on the radio, but decides to go to the conference at home. Here it feels the alien after the adventures after his homeland. Enjoys fresh water in a rocky pool. In the house there will be advice on the anti-viewer materialist. It looks through a glass wall, keeping it in the glass that is trapped in your hands. Business men are arguing, a great desire, another fear of losing money. Daria leaves her home and looks back, knocking. After the home, other things are struck, such as television. He smiles, he was happy to destroy himself after what he saw as negativist after Mark's subsequent meeting. <br /> <br /> In short: Mark, of course, "reality group" is not very useful as sitting down and discussing it, it's not an action. It is clear that things feel that they are sensitive, and it seems that they do not feel the fight against them. He wants to leave She helps Darius, that is, she sees her "view but no action". When the feeling of his condemnation comes to death, he hopes that Daria will use his ideas more constructively. You see a nation that is infecting a commercial movie (you have to show a bad commercial), you see what the business man decides for the future, and, in this way, you see that people are unhappy with those situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I've only seen films once, so I did not catch all of the points, but definitely, what I felt about this movie. , and I find it strange to call this movie meaningless. By saying these points are very clear, why do I see, probably, the fact that this movie looks to the "anti-state" thinking of post-radical hippies. However, he has a lot to say and the current message is still needed, just as happened before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a brilliant movie that tells a story about ordinary young people (not shaking around the rhythm of remote hippie acids, browsing it all) to convince the true and sorrow. And it's a really beautiful way.
