He told me that the movie was one of those "you love or hate". Well, I love it. A light, hippie-like light, symbolism dated and easy and everything. So, I probably will not be able to enjoy Antonioni, but this and La Notte (a decade earlier) have so far been my favorite movies. Zabriskie Point was two years after Zabriskie Point was considered a great American epic of Michelangelo. Apparently, it was a flop. I can not really see why. Before I saw it, I said it was boring, as I read, so I went for a very slow movie - although I like the feature film. For my sake, Zabriskia did not have a boring minute. When I saw it, I warned that the role of European director was to use publicity ads almost everywhere in urban scenarios, revealing that there was any human form. This visible visual element has to emphasize the path that consumes consumerism towards the individual society. But then I saw L'Eclisse live in Russia, set in the early 60's, and I noticed that Antonioni often included advertisements. After all, with landscapes, architecture and living beings of humans with living beings, Antonioni is a brand Antonioni? This is precisely the way in which the psychological states of their characters are remembered, with more or less understood power and with a great visual impact. This competence is almost indispensable. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point had two attractive outfits that had to become the 70's star stars, but never. Mark Frechette, with whom I've already seen the second film of Francesco Rosi's Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life and died only 27 years ago, according to his biographical pages, he earned a common earnings of $ 60,000 Zabrische. The star of Mark Daria Halprin, Dennis Hopper's wife later, also has a natural and attractive beauty of the young Ornella Muti. one of those luminous beauty that does not necessarily make-up make-up. Like Frechette, he has added some dark movies and has never become a star, but at least he did not die tragically. It is worth noting that Zabriskie Point has one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed, as well as a few that I saw as a toy for young people, as well as a catharic force. Its symbolism can be the most vacant sequence shot, but I can not see anyone who can deny its beauty and emotional freedom. There is never an explosion so good and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that recaptures order instead of chaos.
