There's no movie seen and I'll often go "huh, what?", But it was one of them. After seeing Zabriskie Point, when I felt like Woody Allen in 2001, after seeing it in film for two years, he realized that it was ahead of the filmmaker. Michelangelo Antonioni, a short-lived attempt to make movies in the U.S. (after Red Desert, with Blow-Up, this film, China and The Passenger, from his birth outside Italy). Knowing the ways of the city through its means. The results show that they did not have the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds, and visual representations of the time. "A director is watching the job," Antonion said. In any case, he does not disappoint his admirer of the work done in his fifties (I'm saying 50's descendants, since I have not seen films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The points that Blow-Up and The Eclipse bring can not be missed at least. You get the feeling around these characters, which issues give their conscience, but in this case, the characters and actors do not think much or much. Antonioni, from the school of realm-making realism, does what he does with his predominantly non-professional cast (similar to real actors, with the roles of the corporate characters' roles). Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin, when the two stars are directed by Antony. Maybe that's the way. The story is divided into three actions, fortunately not too confusing, Mark fled to his flight, because at the end of the seventies he fled around the boom of the LA, and Daria from LA came to drive to Phoenix for a business meeting. Mark Mark's plane is coincidentally (how do you know how to drive, maybe a small background?) And Dari's cars come together and spend some time together in the desert's existential outskirts. Although this is a bizarre, stylish sex scene, this action is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> Seeing two outings is quite reasonable, but what draws curiosity away from each other? Ideas that arise as a screenplay written by Sam Shepard are not very significant, except for the short time that drugs and reality grow. Afterwards, the film is directed to the third event, because Mark decides to do the right things, in misfortune, and Daria reaches his boss, only to be disappointed (not counting the last five minutes or so). movie). Although the movie was about to tell his story, I did not have much trouble with this story as it was a bit of a viewer's ability. I understand and empathize feelings, doubts and fears, as well as trust in "anti-establishment", but maybe Antonioni is not completely aware of it. Some scenes as director and editor (and often surprising cinematography by Alfio Contini) finds clearer and more clear than landscape and background people. The technical aspect of Zabriskie Point is not to say anything (this, in some sense, could be much more documentary filmmaker like Francis Ford Coppola's theater director). <br /> <br /> The wild animals, the skies, the cities, and even the faces are filmed with the eyes of a filmmaker who fights their faces, embracing those who love painting art. equally compelling, with the main stroke of Rolling Stones with a sweet song, in a moment, and then a round surrealist Pink Floyd ("Careful with Ax Eugene, a previous previous Dark Side"), in an explosion sequence. If they are not merely reverse, I can find this as a Blow-Up or The Eclipse. On the one hand, the stroke of genius is unusual, and on the other hand, at the end of the 60s, hippie / radical movement was boring, but it is likely to be boring for an American born in the eighties It may not be for other US outsiders, for example, in Italy. It requires prompt removal immediately after the display.
