I know I do not have the attitude of Zabriskie Point, but I love this movie. I know, I know, the legitimate Antonioni is called fanatic. L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup, and I love Professione: The Reporter (aka The Passenger). I do not like the only Antonioni film, I have only given less than 8/10 (and I've only given less than 10/10, 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse, two again, although I confess that I have to see both of them again It's called Cloud Beyond, which is quite a horrible movie, but there's no better movie, if you were catching it off. So you're not a fan of Antonioni, you should logically ignore it. Even if you are a temporary fan and you're asking yourself about cinema This, his name, when he speaks often, <br/> <br /> <br /> Antony's lovers also despised. Every time he deserves to see it, the answer is BAIA. <br /> <br /> Okay, people The reason why it hates 99% of the caregivers is because of the narration of a movie, but that's not true. The film is surprising at a particular point, which is called acting or cinematography or direction, and simply worthy of its narrative, carers very well can love it But the movie can be the most amazing visual masterpiece to make the story lame or wicked; In other words, cinema has been another matter: logic; then they completely hate the movie. I really agree that somehow. As I want to change my mind and change my opinion, it's difficult to love a movie I see as a bad narration. However, other people tend to tend to a loose narration. From Zabriskie Point, viewers must be far away. I could link the story with you, but it would probably be a nonsense. Actually, but for me, all this was a bigger and more beautiful effort. In 2001, my favorite movie, I would compare it. However, in 2001 it was perfectly consistent in the confusing narrative of this film. Zabriskie Point has double. It helps a lot of music; The scores include a daytime event, including Pink Floyd. Animations Antonion's other masterpieces have a great resemblance to loneliness and destruction. Besides, the next freedom. The best sequence of the movie is the main man and the woman (I know Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name): take a vehicle next to a historical marker in a desert motorway. There are, beyond the built stone wall, the flying car, the ancient lake. It's a desert desert, and they play two. The setting is very beautiful. The woman says: "This is a beautiful place. What do you think?" Man: "I think he's dead." Whether it's good or bad is the trend. It is similar to those expressed in other Antonioni films - the characters want to constantly disappear or become invisible. David Locke, the star of The Passenger, bored with journalism, the young hippie is ill with his friend's politics. She thinks she speaks too much and does not understand well what she is, or at least she says. I feel like I wanted to go outside of that situation. <br /> <br /> The movie is also spectacular. Antonion's films are only identifiable with a few frames, but their visual style has always been built. I like Travelers with more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point could be the final achievement of that party. Well, it seems odd - L'Avventura and Red Desert are pictorial. I think camera movements are particularly amazing. Of course, he made a large sum of money in Blowup, which was the biggest hit of the arthouse of that time. She spends well here, especially with aerial shots. One of the greatest sequences in the movie, a man, who stole his private aircraft, bombarded Daria in the car. <br /> <br /> What can be criticized rightfully is film policy. They are definitely easy. The hippies were not easy, but Antonioni hippy's vision was that there was no Italian, of course, strange and, well, it strained from abroad. Advertising criticism is a baby, but it is still still a criticism. I mean, can not you ignore people? What does it cost? Do not want to buy things you want from the posters? Or there is criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, is a company that robs the earth in the desert, the man and the people themselves enjoyed the land for cheap housing for families. Rod Taylor, a very well-known actor, whose most famous roles were The Time Machine and The Birds. The end I do not finish, it's worth seeing - it's almost aggressive. However, I can understand the police treatment. I do not deny it in general, but it was terrible at that time. Now it can be awful. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> The strange argument against America's lifestyle is not yet affecting my film's opinion. This American filter looks very interesting to me. I do not think a hippie did not agree with Antonioni. 10/10.
