If he had not done anything before Saura, Iberia would be a landmark. Now it is still worth the effort to honor the great director and the excellent Spanish film culture curator, but he has done so much in the past, and despite the excitement he has given us, we need to choose favorites and highs. Points, among others, Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). Saura I would like to choose Flamenco in 1995, the only and strongest cultural document that loses Iberia. <br /> <br /> Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) is conceived as a series of music interpretations. and especially the suite "Iberia" piano. Isaac Albéniz wished to outsource Spanish cultural music - it was redesigned for non-Spanish audiences. France began to move into the 1930s and was influenced by French composers. His "Iberia" suite is a synthesis of Spanish folk music with Liszt, Dukas and Indy. He interpreted his compositions that represented a beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and tunes, as it is not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero but moving in that direction. They have recovered Spanish Albéniz, and in Iberian, the performers reaffirm their compositions in dance and ethnic styles and in different regions. Origin is the education and fun of Spanish music and dance culture, compared to Spanish Spanish flamenco. Flamenco, coming out of the Andalusian region, is a profound mix of gypsy, Hispanic, and Jewish cultures. Iberia is the peninsula that makes up just Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the same concept is diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura in Flamenco is an intense ethnic blend of music, singing, dancing and national style, as a man and women are proud of. full of pride and elegance and panache - even though the bullfighting and bullfighting movements are full - seamless electrical sequences or no conclusion; they are just Saura always emphasized the collaboration with Antonio Gades, choreographer and other artists. In 1995, he invented a tale in Flamenco, and singers, musicians and dancers set off on stage sound, lighting and screen, apartment and mirrors, Vittorio Storocchi, another Spanish filmmaker. collaborators The beginnings and endings of the flamenco sequence are often rough, but atmospheric, mixed with feet and only with a voice mix. Sometimes the movie is fed at the end of performance and you see that the dancer bends, sighs, or laughed; or someone suddenly says something. In Flamenco, Saura's more than any other kind of music is a tough and intense interaction between singers and dancers, and the viewer of the participants, rhythmically, calls the "story" and generates magic. Because Saura has made magic, and perhaps best, when he has left any ordinary story. titles, song type or region, playing with pianist Albeniz, and gradually dancing into a sequence and a small song. In flamenco music, the essential element is voiceless and this voice is a unique and peculiar contribution to the world musicians. It relates to other songs from other ethnic groups, but it is nothing that hinders an incredible effort and beautiful nature, but you do not know how to do something but listen carefully. Then they are applauded and stepped on their feet, then dances, along with other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saura Flamenco, you want to see Iberia, but you'll be disappointed. Style is; There are great voices and dancing and some music. Iberia, on the other hand, makes the source and concept a lower level of power and a less rich and lively cultural experience.
