The students often ask me why I have chosen this Othello version. Shakespeare's text is very truncated and the film contains the material that "R" earned. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First of all, I did not really see the representation of the Moor. I was sympathetic to Othello until I saw Fishburne play. I played James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer Othello and Iago in Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy stood out especially. But despite the incredible presence of Jone in physics and voice, the character he considered passively seemed to me, the abuse gave me a threat of illusion in Aristotelianism. Jones, in fact, reaffirmed what Othello was saying in the interview as passive, Iago is basically watching him as being. Unfortunately, this frustrated my pain for the destruction of the character. So I felt the bet for Jone's Moor, but it's not about the corruption of a bad man. On the other hand, Fishburne's powerful Othello action is a powerful figure well known. Therefore, the temptation to actively deal with Otelo's belief in the wife of Iago is the imbalance of the positive quality of the general in the non-active passive1. The terrible story is that Othello's quality is becoming perverted. Fishburne's image is therefore classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Secondly, it is the first black actress of Fishburne Othello. Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made good versions, but their black faces were black2. Why is this important? Why should a black actress be a black man on the stage? 3 Undoubtedly, on the day of Shakespeare they used black faces as boys used to make boys boys. Perhaps the same reason is. Actresses in the Shakespeare scene bring feminine roles to a special quality, as they understand the Shakespeare's ingenuity. An unprofessional black actress has to play debut, because the experience of white culture is indispensable to understand the knowledge of Shakespeare's genius: the pain of being excluded from the race. Another important issue of Othellon is isolation caused by racism. Although American races are difficult to incorporate into Shakespeare's acting, it's definitely a rage still works among characters. Many, including DeDimona's father, believe that the unity of Christian black Christian and North African Christianity is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, Shakespeare was never rated G. It has never been. His plays production are always strong and violent languages. Shakespeare's genius, however, uses these elements as not sensationalism, but for artistic sincerity.
