I was lucky to be able to capture this film in the Turner Classic tonight, one of the films that earned the Oscar for the winning film of the Oscars last night. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is a sequel to MARY POPPINS's first hit. This film was also a great success and an Oscar for Best Actress Julie Andrews. As with MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS, David Tomlinson has a role in learning about parents. It's a great mix of live action and animation. It is in the last period of British history (not London's 1912 edition of the Edwardian publishing house, England's coastline is "Dunkirk" in summer 1940). He also has the old Reginald Owen, a general guardian, and was the first Admiral Boom at MARY POPPINS. Ironically, Owen's last role was. <br /> <br /> Remembering Home Guard Sequences (not too much in the film) DAD'S ARMY series was addressing the British's domestic concerns about the home. war This deadline is also suggested by the appearance of three Rawlin children's warfare in the London Blitz bomber in the orphan's wars. And (typical of fashionable Disney), the "Portobello Road" musician appears with Scottish and local female assistants who appear in the British Army, including Indian and Caribbean soldiers (with metal battery!). /> <br /> Anyway, surprisingly, it's a plus. But the biggest increase is Angela Lansbury, which is finally the performance given by Eglantine Price: it's a real musical movie. When he was actively on a distinguished road, Lansbury never had his musical career as Auntie Mame in MAME, as BEDKNOBS did when he came out. Pieces were sung (GASLIGHT UP IN A BALLOON BOYS and his DORIAN GRAY PICTURE, along with LITTLE WHITE BIRD, and - best - WITH THE HARVEY GIRLS and finally, with the final repetition ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND SANTA FE). But only here is the head of the women. When you hear his song with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we missed when Mame Dennis Burnside did not play. <br /> <br /> The rest of the works are pretty good, knowing that Tomlinson can. It will go wrong after a relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) show interesting aspects of the POPPINS predecessors in Edwardian (especially, as an opportunist thought that Lankhundy Lansbury had to do for blackmail). a witch). The only stunning waste (probably due to scenes cut) is Roddy McDowall, a local biker, only in two sequences of the film. The role of witchcraft as a despair should have a greater part. On the other hand, John Ericson, as a German official who drives an assault on finishing the movie, is only seeing something that he imagined ever more than ever on the British farm, and as a rival to Sam Jaffe's magic. The formula that seeks Lansbury and Tomlinson. <br /> <br /> With regard to the animation, two sequels under the sea are worthy of being in a lake and the most beautiful football games ever drawn up by Tomlinson as the referee and being pretty arbiter. In bad wounds and iniquities. As I said, it's a nice sample of the best studio in Disney studio.
