Roshan Seth (1992's "Mississippi Masala") is a stunning father, he takes over the role of the family and father in 1971 in Bombay (India), a long voyage in India. . In addition to tight family settings, the subject includes lost and found friendship; The unexpected death of a friend (so to speak, with the calm faces of a friend's death and his prayer, felt Gustad Noble, Roshan's character); A chain of events of the pavement artists - "the sanctuary became a hermitage - a rumor and an ashes" at the same time was prophetic and philosophical. Life is a full lesson in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and little daughter; little daughter, father and mother; long-time colleagues; missed beloved friends; man is also a man, innocent "fool" <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film's time, rich film has a rich substance and strength, a textured stratum story with humor and suspense. Non-Indian director (Icelandic Sturla Gunnarsson), he made a political Indian / Pakistani film, portrayed by Rossen Seth, who lives in this part of the life of this Parody, whose performance has nuances, nuances and joy. (There is also a song.) The rest of the cast It is powerful: Om Puri, a mysterious friend, Soni Razdan's last wife, Vrajesh Hirje's eldest son, Sam Dastor, former colleague, Ranjit Chowdhry, a pavilion artist, a "witch" of a neighbor, a superstitious woman, a "stupid" man One and a long-lost relative, a friend with many faces and insights. Gunnarsson's manager has shown sensitivity about the treatment and details of this time. and he has thoroughly investigated. Happy to be Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the script. This is really worth a trip to a movie. <br /> <br /> Fridrik Thor Fridriksson's 1994 "Cold Fever" is the future of a Japanese young man, the line of cultural exploration (roadmap style). Searching places around the world, responding to the last parties of their parents, following the commemorative rhythms of the deceased. They are proven to be a harsh and cultural connection between family, today's warmth and international affluence.
