In July 1934, before publishing a break against productive codes, Mitch Leis's Paramount music star is incredibly suggestive, some of them misogynist and a very funny statement. The two murders occur in "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), But this does not mean that the manager (Jack Oakie) will perform the show because he is investigating a police detective (Victor McLaglen). Everyone hides something and Gypsy Rose Lee has seen this mysterious backstage murder since she wrote "The G-String Murders", because it's a similar imbalance (even here it's apple). Gertrude Michael, as a nasty diva, stops the show (more than several times) with her "Sweet Marijuana" exotic number. Duke Ellington has completed the "Rhapsody Of Rape". The "Cocktails For Two" movie was a great success. It is highly recommended to be a strange classic camp. Here is Louella O. Parsons "Los Angeles Examiner", May 17, 1934. <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's hand-picked beauty pirouette on Grauman United Artists's screen on a fig leaf and not much more. September Morn himself never had any better image than the charms to enjoy this eye, especially the tired businessman. But for a moment he does not believe Mr. The girls of Carroll, the nature, the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a music comedy thriller, you know what I mean - a mystery murder included in a music show. Everything that happens at night time is open and the search for the murderer. In a criminal case, the police threatens to stop the show for a few minutes. Victor McLagen is a new policeman. Whenever he tries to seek himself, he sings his faces. The murder mystery is good except for the exception, except for a flat one. It may be faulty direction. Dorothy Stickney, as she likes, is as melodramatic as heroine in ten, twenty, and thirty shows. Undoubtedly, it shows a model that will never end up in the great dramatic scene. Girls' groups are good and positive relief is in front of the foreseeable foreground. The clothes are beautiful; In fact, Paramount is a music that really feels its credit. As for Carl Brisson, it would be one of the spectacles. It's a good look and nice song, and in a simple, assured way, it's all its press agents say to him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, the main character of the show. Gertrude Michael, as a profane villianess, gives him an extra portrait. Jack Oakie, as a director, is like the old Jack, but we would not change it. Jessie Ralph is a great dresser. Other times, they are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The script is Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and Mitchell Leisen's director. Music by Arthur Johnstone and the letters of Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER OF THE VANITIES, there is a cartoon Mickey Mouse, Paramount Newsreel, and two ring, THE DIRECTION MALA. the-top Why would he direct the director? Was he liked the end of the story or his performance? And what is "ten, twenty or thirty shows"? Note the slides taken at Busby Berkeley and its "top shots". As usual today, people in Buzz "Schtick was tired in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said" if you're showing a supposed show in the theater with a proscenium, do not do the Buzz Berkeley routine on the side With a set, there is a lot of hectare. "<br /> <br /> G: Do not you think that Berkeley's impressive effects justified this legitimacy? ML: It seems that all their photos have been revived and I have not, but I do not like it.
