I've read a lot of commentary on the film and people think it's a follow-up to Henry Fool's follow-up, and technically, I think that Fay Grim is absolutely different. film Driving does not mean that the first must be a direct follow-up, and that's why I liked it a lot. The point of the movie was to change the direction of the first, because it is sensible, because the movie is called Henry Fool 2, it's Fay Grim. Apart from all this, I thought the movie was very well made and I thought it was really shocked. I expected to rent a virtually new live video movie and I had to endure 2 hours of bad editing and I'm going to keep almost a story line (parker's final video Oh the Ohio live) but that was it. So surprisingly centered, it seems almost like that, I liked it very much. There's so much nuance in film writing and writing that I want to see in films, but I've never done it. Cinematography has been brilliant because of its simplicity and the movie looks really crap, in terms of setting. Writing was well-liked, this movie was not as fun as the spirit, Henry Fool had to see and hear again; I can not explain how it started really funny, and it was appropriate. And yes, Parker Posey, who can complain? The scene that spoke Fool and Jalal in the dark was so fascinating and emotional. And I thought that in the whole movie, I thought that spying time was so funny and wrong (that is, without sense, when you feel lost in some way). I thought it was so powerful about the pelicist, and I thought the importance of the movie, Parker's love and ingenuity was stupid, so beloved and turned, very quickly, a pure passion of denial. The last five minutes of the film were perfect. Of course, there were no great things, but nothing was perfect; Some of the performances were poor, and sometimes I got back on the new story and some terrorism talks to keep up and I got rid of it, but you finally get it and you do not care about the time that comes out of your understanding. (This should also be very quick to speak Goldblum). In general, I would say it was one of the best films this year. A stylish, clear and delicious writing, so impressive performances I have won a new respect for some of the actors, and a really moving movie, and I will not forget the fool. What was the point?
