Maybe I'd rather like this movie if I do not match the characters in Henry Fool. To those who never saw Henry Fool, I would not worry. Hartley said in his presentation on TIFF's film, the film has many explanations and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy on the plot and the movie moves. There are many funny times and, definitely, the film has a commercial and rhythm of Hartley. All in all, a good movie movie and new Hartley fans will start to explore their work. The oldest ones who loved previous works, such as Trust and Amateur, could be this film. I have a mixed sense of the movie and Hartley's subsequent movies in general. Hartley makes it easy to put his stories into small situations, paying special attention to their intimate and idiosyncratic interactions with their characters. From the end of the 90s and later, his films have expanded widely. In the media, about this thing, religion in the book of life and now in terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suitable for those matters or if he could do justice. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, the intimate relationship with the film can reduce a simple love story. A woman who is looking for a woman who loves her. The only problem I've seen is Henry Fool, and they all seem terrific in this movie. This film seems to have been written after a long time after Henry Fool's completion. Somehow, the terrorist plot feels comfortable when using Henry's confessional books as macguffin (Hitchcock Sense). Fay Henry's finding was motivated only by the need of the plot, rather than being faithful to Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I am a little disappointed in the movie, because it is not there. Henry Fool's characters are true and does not work directly as a thriller. There is excessive irony and insolence when there is a great deal of terrorism in Hartley's terrorism. It works somehow and does not work at the same time. Whatever I could say, either you would love or hate about Hartley's work, and how you know Hartley's work. Henry Foolen fans should be warned seriously. Otherwise, welcome to Hal Hartley's world and enjoy the route.
