If Hollywood believes, it's not just about being an army. Although sailors may complain about ocean monotony, their ocean duties do not seem to fully exist, and so, Fred Astaire will find enough free time during the day to offer dance classes. This is the Astaire and Rogers world. Mark Sandrich's previous film, 'Top Hat (1935),' completely ignored the Great Depression in America, and worshiped the spectators with a glittering and rich world of celebrities; The film's life has been an optimistic vision, perhaps, it has helped its success. Also, here, Sandriche deliberately forgets that the life of a navy is a difficult and unpleasant life, instead replacing the duties of a sailor with light and light music numbers. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Romantic relationships between two old dance partners "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) dismissed a marriage proposal. Bake returns for a number of years in the army, Sherry presents her dance at a popular hall in San Francisco. While both old lovers try to dare and uncover each other, Sherry's music teacher sister (Harriet Hilliard, pretty nice) tries to make a whole makeover and tries to charm Bilgey's "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott) sailor. There are many custom comedy sock sockets, some moments of bad identity, and a trained toy monkey who steals each scene. Bake amusing Bake skyscraper creates a window to test an interpreter's audition. outer girl; On both sides, Sherry is unhappy with drinking soda bicarbonate and loses his ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Keep the fleet (1936)' Fred Astaire and Ginger were the fifth collaboration. Rogers, and third parties (five) Sandriche was in the lead by the couple. Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of the film and each musical number is wonderful and entertaining, although they are not memorable 'Top Hat (1935),' Swing Time (1936) 'or' Shall We We We We We We We Are We. ' Dance (1937). 'Astaire wants to free Astaire without being successful with his rich and popular riches, but it is difficult to imagine, without being charmed by the actor's enthusiasm, as well as being very rich. The line of love between Connie-Bilge works well with the major two-star plays, and Harriet Hilliard (with Ginger's dark hair) has "Get Thee" singing solitaire songs. Behind Satan "was originally written for" Top Hat ".
