What is a fun movie? Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the army. Astaire must go back to Ginger in San Francisco, Scott must convince Harriet Hilliard to be his wife. Everything works fine. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is argued and I understand why Scott's love with Hilliard is not necessary and the plot slows down. Particularly painful is Hilliard's song of love songs. I could not do without singing, it was enough, but romanticism seemed a bit moving. Hilliard is a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, no make-up, and clothes that he knows about men or beasts. It's not surprising that Scott avoids his sister while wearing Ginger and Lucille Ball slinky. The problem is that, after the resurrection, she seems to be as plain and plain as the woman, only the brightest outfit. It's hard enough for a guy at home. But at least it can make rich, powerful and popular men. Then she will be able to pick up women, even though she looks like JoJo Dog Dog-Face Boy. But what does the ordinary woman do? The same paths to romance are not open. He had Henry Kissinger. Does Margaret Thatcher? It must be shameful to have a woman as cruel as ours. As a footnote, I would like to point out that Randolph Scott's Hollywood tournament nonsense required nonsense, and it's fun in this movie when he says that Hilliard is back home. - "Women are not interested, sister." The movie probably gives more time to Ginger Rogers than any other movie made with Astair. And it's wonderful. He is a handsome, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and the script also gives good comic. "Kissing and make up," Astaire says. "Let's do it," he says, "it will give you something to do." Also, the only film that co-operated with Astaire gives a solitaire in a performance. (Hermes Pan's choreography.) Astair sings some Alka Seltzer or something to his own water, and makes a rumor of that number, which is too bright for the time. Ballerina, I would like the circus to be a good elephant, so my opinion must be considered as a fan of amateurs, but I think that the dances are the same for those who put on the movie. First, in a dance competition called "Let Yourself Go", it's the wildest thing I remember. And the only dramatic duet has to be "Let's Face the Music and Dance" among its best. The last step that comes out is amazing. <br /> <br /> I like the movie with personal resonance. I recall the first time I saw a San Diego downtown theater next to a seafaring store called "The Seven Seas". At that time I was amazed and treated with Astaire and Scott's maritime traffic management. I mean that we have a musical comedy that is absolutely nothing to do with the historical reality we have here, but unlike other groups, it pays its fees. By jumping boat, Astaire calls a "water taxi". I took a water taxi myself. Uniforms are straightforward for the period (such as "On the Town"). And they're good, your fingers are two fingers wide on the eyebrow and they're not back. And there are two events that Astaire is confronted with a problem with the maritime authorities and is both handled and compelling. An officer leaves an Astaire jazz band during the inspection and instructs the captain: "They played when they called, Mr., I'm sure that discipline would not be fulfilled." A servant - a good officer - who says and no one laughs. <br /> <br /> The series was repeated gradually, "Continue the fleet" as it was time, instead of Fred. society and smoking, instead they turned the gum into mastic swabbie. It was a good idea. And dance numbers are the concept.
