Hundstage, a particularly dull neighborhood in Vienna, is an unmistakable and confusing study of life. The documentary by Ulrich Seidl is the director of the documentary in a very documentary way. However, do you get away from the normal types of movies and present the characters described as "extreme"? Some are very lonely; some very violent; some very curious; Some are very round; some very frustrated and understood; and so on. The movie leaves some episodes close to the plot that occasionally link together, following each of the characters in two days during a Vienna summer season. Will there be little audience among entertaining movies? There are many things that people are doing wrong, and they can evoke many diseases that generally plague our society. Thought is a stimulating movie and the effects are very harmful. <br /> <br /> An old-fashioned old widow thinks of her elderly lady and wants her to wear a striptease when she's wearing her dead clothes. . A nightclub dancer plays a constant jealous and violent boy's boyfriend. A couple on a deceased's daughter can not communicate with each other and seek gender by sex with other people. A malicious man suffers from his mistreatment but forgives forgiveness. A security vendor desperately tries to find some innocent people behind vandalism, but ends up looking for an innocent exile. A woman with a mental illness makes rides with strangers and casts off the insults until they are thrown into the car. The lives of these different characters converge during several days in a hot summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> The disappointment of the movie is clear. Many scenes are silent and complicated, since the entire episode of the conversation is twice as effective. Next, other scenes remain in the conversation and screen events. In particular, the seller of the security vendor is a scene that puts mercy on a bad revenge - beaten, raped and humiliated (fortunately off-screen all), even if he did not do it. sour taste, almost angry. In another scene, a man lights up the candle hidden in his back, and the national anthem is forced to sing with a gun, all as a punishment for his wife to be ill. Although we want to encourage this flower to be receiving its future, they have left us at the same time for horror and sanctions due to the nature of its punishment. In fact, the contrasts could be enormous as a summary of the movie - all the clarity of heart will be at odds with a cold moment. Approximately the hopes are opposed to the sense of despair. Regardless of the sympathy or personality you desire, it is just another that encourages anger and hatred. We want to divert it from Hundstage, to exclude misery as an exercise, but it also highlights some uncomfortable truths, and that is why we must applaud.
