This film has come to be one of the most mockable and deceptive films for many years. It's just one of the rarest movies, perhaps, the only one, it really frightened me: not Pasolini's Sálo, when compared to that movie, it caused me. I've seen echoes in the movie, such as Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I asked myself, what happened to me in the movie? I think the answer was to watch a horror movie, but that it deviates or even delayed the conventions of that genre. Normally, in a horror movie, things happen and horrifying, but on the edges of civilized society: abandoned houses, empty rooms, castles, clerics, morgues, etc. the defense mechanism, the principle of obscurity and obscurity, the viewer's desires and fears of space projection. That's why Hundstage is not a horror movie; It occurs in a totally normal society, so it is not included in the history of horror film. But what you see is the displacement of some essential skills of the horror genre, especially the body and its violation, fear and torture phases. Seidl's use of adjustments to the daily and middle class social abilities include sexual assault, loneliness, lack, and intimacy and integrity, a play game, that is, horror issues. it does not escape the principle of transparency and transparency. Within this shift, there is the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage works on these roles according to the daily routine. Above all, it shows these repetitions rather than a great anti-gender movement. An important point of reference is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of combining political and personal film, which allowed him to treat melodramatic tactics clearly and morally, including racism, mastery, desire, owner, sexual property and a question. control, faxism and capitalism, etc. Seid's daily social mechanism adds to Fassbinder's strategy for creating a film theme; Like this German ally, he has a political vision of society, which he thinks he will present in his films. This year, in a seminar at the Göteborg Film Festival, when Seidl was invited, he was asked why many women would receive Hundstage in cases where they had been infected by many women, but not fighting against a woman, releasing herself. Seidl has responded that some show that violence against women is immoral, but he believes that it would not be immoral. I think of any artistic expression. Thank you.
