To make matters worse, this movie is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car robber and a great deal of stolen cars (totaling 50). He threatened to kill men prescribed to die. The goal has now been to rob 50 robbery for three days, with an assistant Randall (Nicolas Cage), retired driving force and former Kip Brothers and Randall. As you can see, the ancient river itself has to get rid of the problem, and obviously Randall has been the best rookie ever. In all other films, of course, there are some reversals and surprises that you would never think of, but sometimes it is also predictable, so the story is nothing fascinating. <br /> <br /> Now you are probably wondering why this is 51 times HOT STUFF, with 50 beautiful, fast, fresh and expensive cars stealing. Well, another hot item in this film is Sway (Angelina Jolie (a great STAR (trust me)). Its role as auto-theft is very credible, but it's quite hot. I do not agree with hot, cold, As a cold and sexy, this role was very compelling, probably a real wild woman (do not think it, read her biography), and you only see yourself as a sexy part. I know that she just likes playing the girl I like , it's not over, an alternative look and a tattoo. <br /> <br /> The only thing I felt was watching this movie, there was no action, it was totally realistic, the story is fine and there are not many jokes Hey, but after watching the whole movie, I have to say: WHO CARES. Why should I say that, because it's still fun? There were some beautiful cars, good music, some Bruckheimer scenes (where music n combination and the lines of actors wipe their eyes); good actors, everyone did their job; nice cars; Fresh, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and finally very nice and very cool tool to boost cars. So some wrong here, but still a pretty good and entertaining movie. It's the best way to describe the movie as a whole, is OK a cool movie? feelgood ending <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cagier, well? It's true that one of my favorite actors, now The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes, and finally, this is it. What more has been the actress in so many good acts / thriller in recent years and these successes? Well, no one! Maybe Jackie Chan, but it's one of my favorites. Mr. The truth is that the Cages Bruckheimer films are still in decline. Rock was clearly 9, Con aire 8 was nice and that's fine, that is, it's clear 7. It's not that bad brand. Does it not prove that Bruckheimer's films continue to deteriorate and Cage may need to think more about accepting a role in a movie and probably less film? This is not the case, since almost all the Cage films were successful in recent years, except Dead 8 and Dead of the Dead. 8 mm was not very good, I admit, but this was not the fault of Cage and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about this recent film, I have not seen it yet. I am sure that I am sure something, Bruckheimer asked me about these three films, I would say yes to all. Yes, I would say Rocka, because it's a great story and you would like to play Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say that with Con Air, there were a lot of action, because the story was good and you had to play with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. I would be the protagonist of this because I would get a big payment, I would be able to ride some wonderful and fast cars and I would kiss Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in that Croft dress). This was a good chance for Mr. Cage and he deserves a look at the theater. <br /> <br /> 7/10
