This is a fast section called TWILIGHT ZONE, not a strange or tragic comic. Buster Keaton is a Woodrow Mulligan, American food from 1890, working in a laboratory. It has constant difficulties with life around the environment: meat is more expensive ($ 1.00 / lb). He always shouts after crazy speeds (bicycles - cars have not yet appeared). At the end of the day, a scientist sees a helmet, like a scientist, and tests it. Suddenly it's in modern America. At first it was a seven-minute silent film. Now, all the noise, they all speak, all sounds, they all blow. Keaton is here in just a few minutes, when the world has changed and it's not getting better. Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, Mulligan c. 1890 (referred to by Cleveland President). Rollo has always wanted to live in this pleasant and peaceful life. Mulligan helps get his helmet fixed and goes back in time. It rolls a bit, because there is no scientific equipment. Mulligan puts helmet on and sends it to the future. However, Woodrow satisfies the calm and simple age of life. He is happy <br /> <br /> In the last fifteen years, Buster Keaton was frequently on television (often by Allan Funt for CANDID CAMERA, where it could be displayed by public tricks). He also made some films (most prominent in FORUM AND RAILRODRESS). But occasionally he appeared on television shows and episodes. Here is the advice on the part of his element, probably by the advice of the director (the old director of comedy Norman McLeod, directed by the Marx brothers HORSE FEATHERS) on the tricks he could make. Look how Stanley Adams and Adam pick up a pair of trousers. She reminds her gag in the 20s during the time in films like SHERLOCK JR. This episode shows Keaton for his sixties man. <br /> <br /> Jesse White's appearances (here's repair work, all things) is always welcome. But it looks like a little "roll teacher." Stanley Adams was a well-known film and television character from the 1950s, his tragic suicide in 1977. Heavy, heavyweight appearance and voice, was the star of REQUIEM's film version. HEAVYWEIGHT BAT (Anthony Quinn wants to be dressed as a Indian costume). His most popular TV show features starship company STAR TREK crewmembers, "The Trouble With", "Tribbles". Adam always deserved the observation (like Jesse White, and certainly Keaton), which appeared to improve most of the productions. I have never committed suicide, but a first class character has been a sad interpretation.
