Cosimo (Luis Guzmán) has been jailed for the car's robbery and has given him a plan to offer a jail of prison. Therefore, it must be taken out of prison quickly. Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) tells her girlfriend to find a man who finds out for a little while to find a man in prison. But nobody wants to make the time of Cosimo crime, but everyone knows that a guy who does it. Soon a bad boxer But Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) knows the details of the "perfect job" detachment. <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was so fun and I would recommend it from my point of view. for everybody "I Soliti Ignoti" is an Italian comedy remake movie. I did not see the Italian origin, so I can not judge or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy, trying to steal money from a bargain by four people around the house. Everyone was the brilliant filmmaker through this film. Actually, a great movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and, finally, George Clooney participated in this project. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this comedy is not a movie, it's not correct. That's more than that. For a difference. All the thugs in this movie are asking their little ones to ask: what will they do with their money? Above all, their future is guaranteed in a very low way. In fact, comedy overcomes the soul of these criminals. And not only for them, but also for the police Babitch, which is damaged; So that the Russian director submits here that criminals and criminals are the same. The truth is they're in Collinwood; Not only Collinwood, people have made money back, legally or illegally. I do not like all the movies that have been thieves and lovers in the end. But this is an exception. You all love them. Riley, his baby and wife, in jail. Toto's pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" and all others. Alan Ford is like my favorite comic book characters. They're trying to make some money, but they're not good luck. But all made a good deed: they gave money to Riley to get his wife out of prison. In my eyes are all the heroes, people "would be honest" would not do that.
