This movie (and yes, it's a movie, filmed in two parts, but two parts dropped in less than 2 hours) is one of the most masterpieces in the world of cinema. The Soviet regime and the kind of person who has flourished under it is very well-founded and, at the same time, completely wild, it is a loyal adaptation of the long-term book that Mikhail Bulgakov has forbidden. The sets are perfect and the director made a complete decision to shoot a monochrome sepia, adding an incarnation of the late 80s adding a feeling of authenticity. I do not say much about the plot, the viewer himself should find, but the performances are real Oscar materials; Some special quotes go with E. Evstigneev, such as the presence of the old teacher, gravity and wisdom that ends up stealing each scene that ends with a word or gesture. The second one, of course, is Creature / Sharikov. When V. Tolokonnikov had tremendous perfection, he was terribly terrifying than Hannibal Lecter, because he does not exist in real life, because the whole country had similar men like him throughout history. <br /> <br /> Although it is a sociopolitical allegory, it must be underlined that the film is full of humor, though it is dark; There are a lot of comedies that have made me laugh as much as this movie. Also, laughing at this movie, feeling is not happiness, understanding, and consensus, that is, always a plus. <br /> <br /> I do not have a single complaint about this movie - the only slight mistake is the "snobbering" of the intellectual / bourgeois tone, sometimes caught by "illuminated" characters. But that's not a bit small. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to be for companies authorized by Western companies. It's a shame that one of the best foreign films is not obsolete and untranslated (which should not be very hard), but all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will disappear, they should be the main themes of the film. everyone available. While crossing the Kriterian toe fingers, I create English subtitles myself. This will see how it works.
