Ok, after reading a couple of reviews of Atlantis: I want to misunderstand the lost empire, which is Nadia's direct laugh: The Secret of Blue Water. The only part of Nadia against Hanging Nadia and the hangman of Atlantis, which is so similar, how it is used, how it originates, and how it does not copy from the source of life. If you would like to see the same Kida and Nadia dresses, you could also wear it against Disney (wearing Nadia and Kida bikini style clothes in a science-fiction adventure, but they both move in a similar style). I need to copy as an anime fan, but they are only minor details and even though they are not very original ideas (for example, Lapse wall encryption design, the old mask of Mononoke prince, similarity, the Nadia Garfish submarine vehicles ...) I think it's very original, and it's amazing that Disney can pull Nemo captain (without Jules Verne's 20k being the main character in the league). The sea is also Nadia. Like Mylo and Jean like glasses ... According to the novel "Lord of the Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and understanding. I think that Mylo, Jean, Stargate's main character and another dozen of the "INTELIGENT" other characters will not be fit for that role without glasses. As for the submarines, and how the submarines fight (which Nautilius really looks like) is an essential element in Atlantis plot (after all, it's a sunken city) under water. With crew of little resemblance to Nautilius's crew, they could be works of art, but I did not feel any copyright infringement, since the characters' personality was very original. As an anime fan, Nadia is one of the best anime I've seen today. For the first time I saw Atlantis doubts. But now, when I watched the movie, I once again regained the trust of Disney and I have a lot of hope for the future film of Atlantis. In general, the best Disney movie I still do not get the sound of my songs vibrating in the middle of the movie, and it's a plus to review their cheeky scripts to make them even better. Also, it's amazing that they really get a bad look at their early beginnings (I wondered what the bad ones are and the blonde girl just looks like a bad one in Disney mode, it draws aka bad guys really a threat)
