After watching two short movies, "Elena and her Men (1956)" Jean Renoir is the first feature of the French director and I really like it. However, I did not watch the movie for Renoir, but Ingrid Bergman for the star, who ?? At 41 years old? yet radiated beauty, elegance and charm. In the early 1950s, following the scandalous marriage to Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman fell temporarily to the public. The next five films directed by Senes did not succeed in the United States, and I suspect that Renoir's latest version was not considered to be Bergman to improve his reputation. However, he achieved his first success with the Oscar himself. year's 'Anastasia (1956)'}. Elena Sokorowska, the Polish princess, plays herself as a guardian angel, because she brings success and recognition to everywhere in every attraction, immediately before she leaves. While he was lucky enough to meet the wishes of the famous general Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), he would not be able to fall into love. This fake movie works as a satire or a romantic comedy, if you have not seriously taken it; It is a purely romantic mirror. <br /> <br /> Shot with a technicolor, "Elena and his men" seem to be wonderful, bright colors, characters and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and somehow dissipates herself, not in an indisputable way, but it's hardly a woman of principles and convictions. A group of insolvent groups of government has been persuaded by General Rollan to strike a nation state, "as his watchdog angel" to satisfy his love generously with his love. Perhaps the only virtuous legitimacy of the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband), all of which dismisses the second side of himself, and Elena seeks only with love and love. That is, what Renoire is proud of, true French is what he does. "Elena and his men" also successfully try to explain the superficial ties of French literature, Eugène (Jacques Jouanneau), the lady of her civil servant, who can not love her friend without walking. over them. For these sequences, Renoir was trying to make humor in the movie Marx Brothers, but the film is so relaxed and enjoyable that there is only energy.
