The renowned international director Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a busy professional life and a successful career breaks down early. He decides to return to his hometown north of Sweden, where he left his mother, when he was seven years old, when Conny and other classmates were intimidated, he lived a small life. She buys an old school and invites her to participate in the chorus of the Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk) church, but she is reluctant and shy because Daniel refuses to accept the principle. However, she is involved in the community and attracts Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past woman. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, who are in the daily life: he has the opportunity to participate in a short Tory (André Sjöberg) choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, releases her repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes on her abusive and violent husband; The heartbreak of birds and Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens Lena's heart; Holmfrid Fats (Mikael Rahm) cries a bit at the jokes of the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); Moreover, Daniel loves people and Lena is the love of his life. When invited to participate in a major Viennese competition, Daniel opens the music with the heart of the people who make his dream come true. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a sensitive film. a beautiful story. It is impressive for the time that Kay Pollak has run for a large number of characters who have written scriptwriters and scripts for a period of 132 minutes. The performances are top performers, with a splendid musical score and at least two stunts: when singing Gabrielle in the concert, and definitely, the final concert of Vienna with the audience, jury and tune, and Daniel. the dream becomes a truth. In the "theorem", the unknown changes life, not only a family, but a conservative community. Additionally, as in many European films, it shows an open conclusion that Daniel has really killed, at least in my interpretation, to achieve peace with his music. My eyes were soaked in these two scenes. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Life not Paradise" ("Life in Paradise")
