Kay Pollaken's 2004 warmest heart Så som i himmelen / Heaven in the Heaven contains all stereotypes of Swedish humanity and inhumanity, but it's a great crowd. He has cynical critics, tracking errors, and munitions for saccharine debris, but he remembers the colors of life in a small community. The movie also has a proverbial message range: "finding one's own voice" and "personal fear", without completely removing cynical throats. <br /> <br /> His success is a pleasant crowd from two acts. First and foremost, rural Christian communities have a great deal of strangers in their lives, and the strangers have a great deal of hypocrisy, and at the same time they allow the repressed people to quit their hairshirt. In the same year and a similar Swedish breeze, Sheba Pearls made the queen, and she also remembers Babette's party. Secondly, any movie about small world-wide communities will create a human agreement in an increasingly individual / self-sustaining and impersonalized way. This film shows the structural similarity of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day. But life is still a formula that remains, and people seem to need positive messages that remind themselves of the sense of community. <br /> <br /> The unknown is burning. Daniel Daré is looking for a self-retraining master. The people that visit or, in other words, review what citizens do not know, the place of childhood. He stays in disrespect at the students, supposedly a trucker to be a non-profit-making musician. Here he works with the singer-director, despite the usual suspicions of artist and outside. The place, of course, is the archetype of well-known kinds of arcs, which is very fragile and fragile, so fragile; mobile phone local businessman; a woman who has lost her beauty in the midst of domestic affairs; Pastor Shepherd and his less daring wife, initially seemed to be Ingmar Bergman. Similarly: jealous, whirlwind (Siv) (check); the geriatric soul still sings (check); The couples that may want old-fashioned wishes from the nursery (check); People with obesity, their function is to emphasize, not to laugh and say "fat" (check); He proves a good boy who is mentally ill (A) (check). <br /> <br /> Pollak does not have all the fuzzy movies. It has been deviated from this: "let's put a spectacle in tears and moral opposition" with the sub-genre. It has violence and it can be a metaphor that kills a nirvana creator. The violence of the film is the male's anger and the function of repression, but it is never because of the fact that school-bullying won by women is deepened. Similarly, this small town is filled with moralist and black super-Protestant stereotype Pastor, whose secret is not surprising at the magazines. His repression and hypocrisy are there, which have nothing to do with psychological reality. Perhaps the incomprehensible picture of a young boy, perhaps the lost son, who has seen it above the shoulder, has a secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these are the functions of editing these holes, such as inconsistencies and mistakes that may be followed, such as the occurrence of the advent of Siv, twice, after the Choir is explained in the moral. In fact, the section of films has not survived and resolved within a scene. Apart from some scenes of love, the movie drags it in just 127 minutes, but it is a feeling that they can leave the room to cut things. holes that can be picked up there. That is, technology-driven films and a world of materialistic self-discovery, because it is in a profound look at the human community, which everyone accepts, as well as cynical.
