A definitive program on World War II, the War Worldwide is not long but very informative. The series includes 26 episodes (each 45-minute episode lasts) and includes the end of the war and subsequent events. Most episodes are about the European war and there are some episodes about the Pacific War. Other sections include information on pre-events in Africa, Burma, Atlantic and Germany, Britain, the United States, and the Soviet Union. There is a passage dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the New Germany (1933-1939) episode, and tells the profits from the Nazi in Germany and Germany before the end of the war. It ends with the series Remember. The impact of war on the postwar world. Remember it's the last episode to complete the program. Each episode starts with a brief introduction and then with the initial credits. Credits offer powerful music. There are live music in every series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic, so it was organized. In addition, footage is the color. The information included also makes them entertaining and entertaining. <br /> <br /> This series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs on Thames Television (United Kingdom). It was launched in 1969 and required four years to produce. Here is the depth of research. The series told Laurence Olivier (one of the most prestigious and polite actresses of the 20th century). He has been interviewed by senior members of the Allied and Axial Series campaigns, including civilians, enlisted men, officers and politicians, such as Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase. Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says "The World of War at" wants to interview, not necessarily alive names, but their helpers and assistants. The most difficult issue to be interviewed and the most difficult issue to convince, according to Isaacs, was the adjudant of Heinrich Himmler, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted that he was witness to a large-scale execution in Himmler's presence. <br /> <br /> It is often the ultimate television history of World War II. Some are one of the best documentary forms. Listed in the UK's Greatest TV Program for the 2000 British Film Institute, it was voted by industry professionals. The World at War was ranked 19th. The program has everything to know about the audience's war. After seeing several episodes, I liked the series, I saw other episodes one after another. I've seen some of them several times. I know that there are two other great documentary series that can be of interest to the audience. It is called a Great War (1964). About World War II The other is called the Cold War (1998), of course, about the Cold War.
