This interesting feature has a very good line, colorful characters and a steady pace. He also enters the plot of "Reap the Wild Wind", directed by Cecil B. Deille, and his son directed by Anbthony Quinn for his film, this can not be a coincidence. In both cases it works, I have to report it. Unusual structures Barataria tells the viewer built on a piracy island led by Jean Lafitt, but has always been worried about the war in 1812 and the United States of America. Now General Andrew Jackson has been in charge of defending New Orleans in 12,000 men against only 60,000 British and 60 ships. Lafitt's men want to join the strongest. He wants freedom and forgiveness to his men, before reaching the United States forces to this spatial territory. There are other factors in the story. Bonnie Brown, a pirate and his father, have been attacked by the US and demanded against Lafitt's injuries, without losing sight of a boy, without losing sight. When his testimony comes to an end, Jackson can not ask Lafitt what he asks; But Lafitt admits it, and in the cloud, the pirates and Jackson send them by the British and they are waiting for a man with its purpose and structure, but not a bunch of money. The works of this colorful and physically beautiful film are of great quality. Yul Brynner is one of his best roles as a pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; As a boyfriend, Charles Boyer, he has good lines with his advisor, Lorne Greene, powerful, E.G. Marshall Governor and Claire Bloom are as charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Among others, Ted de Corsi, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull Jackson Advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. Elmer Bernstein's music is a very memorable one, and the 1938 script has had to be renewed here to refresh a bit. Shining cinematography was performed by veteran Loyal Griggs, decorated by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, with Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester's costumes. Nellie Manley made hairstyles and Wally Westmor made a pretty makeup. The film has a good adventure dialogue and strong climate battles. Charlton Heston, Andrew Jackson, took over the participation of the general general, and then the young man found the fight at that time; but it is often effective, whether it's hairless or not, especially with Henry Hull with Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-mounted fun, C.B. As DeMille finished his production. Beautiful and almost fine image.
