If my expectations were not overcome, they were definitely acquainted. "Nancy Drew" works as a mystery and comedy. Homage pays tribute to them and, at the same time, thanks them. The movie starts with the first shot in a modest book and the book's illustrations resemble an animated sequence credit. Then the books begin immediately. Writing and directing Andrew Fleming appears to be a ridiculous idea of ​​a teenager who regularly breaks a delinquency in a small town, so that he does not deal with religious ideas. Nancy Drew is proud of her ability to do something, such as in every class in school, she knows how to make a drink in the egg to make her enemies, to make the bird house with twelve powerful wings and even an emergency traumatology. party Nancy would always have the perfect style, instead of presenting L.An instead of being in a healthy 1950s. It also carries a "carry kit" with a dust trace, a lantern, a compass and a magnifying glass. Preposterous, of course, but I think Hardy Boys' access to every moment CSI equipment is also a little too convenient. And if the pipsque is a younger younger person than the private perky view of literature, it's just a mess of excessive exaggeration in the part of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the movie is more important. Nancy and her father's lawyer move from Los Angeles to a small town. There, Nancy lived in her new house, where she was ten years old, into a cold case of a Hollywood star's assassination. Nancy looks for signs in clear and practical ways, for example, browsing websites like Google and viewing old videos of this and the movie. When doing something customary, you need to admire the powers of the girl. Emma Roberts, no doubt, is a pretty girl with twin loves. The very perfect girl absolutely loves it, if not realistic. Tate Donovan is also a great girl as the great Carson Drew. Father is a true image, without being perfect, and shows an embarrassing cause when he comes into danger. Max Thierot is liked by Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. George O'Hanlon Jr. In the 1970s, I was the star of the television series Pamela Sue Martin, Nancy Drew, a horrified baby with Ned Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), twelve years of Nancy's heart, is much more annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Friends of Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker Nancy, Bess and George are well suited, but short films make short movies at the beginning. <br /> <br /> Kame, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison (), "Ocean's 13", and Bruce Willis's invitation reveals witches, that is, Bruce Willis will not guess the movie that will pop the next movie proves it. <br /> <br /> The film does not have any potential. . It is previously mentioned that the new home of Drews is trapped by human beings, but Nancy and his father are made with excess truffles that we have caught in just a few minutes. Similarly, Nancy will talk about a cold case as a murder in the weird party she describes, which would bring a lot of potential killers, but only a handful of suspects. And as far as Nancy's adventures are concerned, even though there are real moments of suspension, the solution to the case is out of nowhere, and in the end, all possible lines are conveniently connected and those who care for it. Ralph Sall's score is suspended, but the songs that are included in the current teenybopper soundtrack are lama. However, I really liked this movie, and while movies are mostly targeted at girls, they can enjoy any age and gender.
