"La Maman et la putain" is the best film of all time. And what is moving about can be the relation between reality and art, which is directly inspired by Proust's "Recherche du temps perddu". <br /> <br /> Yes, "La Maman et la putain" and "Lost Time" seem to tell the same story: a failure of love that is repeated at the end. The first woman is always Gilberte, and the second woman appears like Gilberte's double twisted and deformed one: Veronika is like a "Gilberte whore", beautiful as beautiful as nighttime as a "beautiful day like Gilberte". After the defeat of the first love, the second love begins, but this is condemned as before. Veronika has taken Gilberte's place in Alexandria's life and film. Gradually he eclipses, for the first time, when Gilbert still comes, waiting for Alexandre Veronica, completely. This shows that this sad story is repeated, as the "unfaithful woman", as shown by Alexander, is constantly appearing - and the faithful emphasizes excitement for Proust's love, that is, his enthusiasm. /> <br /> Art is a passion between the outside, the enthusiasm of love, the inner truth and the truth of this learning. For example, when Veronica finds out strangely, Alexandre's bed is a bed; He replied that he had seen it in a movie, and then a movie, "it's done, learning to live, how to make a bed." Alexander wants to live like a movie, wants to be an art of his life. <br /> <br /> This conception of art is from Proust, with whom Eustache has the "rejection of political art" and realism. "La Maman et la putain" is fighting against a "principaly political" concept of art - see the ironic criticism of Alexandre's political film. As Proust says: "Art did not care for all claims, and it only exists in silence." First of all, art is introspection. And that is also why realism or naturalism is excluded: art must be transformed into reality. Proust writes: "The lie of realism, this is a lie I know". That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artificiality, as the actor emphasizes as "the text": "the more artificial it is, the higher you go," said Eustache. /> Eustache and Proust share the same idea that the inner truth of the artist is "translator". But Alexandre failed to succeed Eustache. "La Maman et la putain" tells us to say that he is a failure of a character. It seems like when you create more tragedies when the movie is more beautiful. Alexandre's face can be seen, which looks like dead. After the scenes are longer, you will see nothing happening. At the end of the movie, when you see Alexandre's writing, and Veronica asking her life, she did not even think about literature. At the end of the film shows Alexander's symbolic death, which breaks up by the weight of reality. And in this small nursing room, he looks like Marcel, rather than Alexandre Albertin. <br /> <br /> To explain this progress, we can say that it is Alexandre Balzac's reader. In the book "Forme et meaning", Jean Rousset explains that Proust's, Swann, and Charlus Balzac's readers have no artistic creation, because they are stuck in reality and mistaken for art. Reality is seen by art and "they do not know between the life of an artist and his work, between transformations between reality and art." And that's Alexandre. For example, "she loves a woman for parallel reasons, she says she has acted in a Bresson." It's like Swann, Odette falls in love because Botticelli looks like a woman. <br /> <br /> "Life is not my vocation". This thought, indeed, Eustache, has committed suicide, although Alexandre said. However, there is no difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache Alexandre is completely, Alexandre is a double art, an enormous vision of the artist that crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> When Veronica is watching at the end of the film, Alexandre excited himself. The death faces with Jean-Pierre Léaud and the endless versions of Veronica have reminded me of death. Or maybe it describes the ending at the end, such as the "Huit-Clot" of Sarte, and the last liberation "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache Proust had read it, Alexandre could never finish the book, always worried about life and Veronica, trying to read in his apartment or cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like a double reverse called "Times of Lost", which tells Alexander that he has not become an artist, "A la recherche du temps perddu", as Marcel becomes a writer (Genette). . <br /> <br /> As Baudelaire says, an artist tells "reality in his dream," a nightmare that Eustache tells us about "La Maman et la putain".
