Regarding the "revolution" of sex, according to what I could see as a coup, I wrote and directed Jean Eustache's "The Mother and the Whore", because it seems that they can not get a poetic critic. enough love If there is a message from the movie - and I had hoped the message would come only after another Ben-Hur feature this one - it is to love, honestly, that there must be something of happiness, a true truth. They can be two lovers? Some may test it, but what is the result of saying nobody can really want or say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth about Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) with her immediate family? He is twenty-one pseudo-intellectual, apparently not working, and Marie (Bernadette Lafont) has a life-old woman rather than herself, and usually, if not always, her lover, her last love. -And he left, and he has received a woman who sees herself on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), maybe he reminds her. Soon it is revealed that the film is an extremely important triangular love triangle, where the psychologist brings the most crude words and gestures. At first, we can think of what happened to Alexander, but we are wrong. Women are essential in matters of love and sex, when they are around to talk about something to sink. <br /> <br /> We have told this part of the sexual revolution. The theory of practice was completely (perhaps, when I was not living during the time I did not see it), freedom caused a lack of inhibition. Eustache, on the other hand, are totally unanswered, it can be said that it is almost impossible in two ways: it is expected that people will love you and get satisfaction with the latest arrival with "f *** ing". Characters repeatedly refer. <br /> <br /> Mothers and fathers have the fear of not having this subject, under the confusion, lack of monogamy, and stimulates intelligence in the discourses that you have seen in a movie. . At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre, probably listening to a loved one about a movie talking about himself or hearing something bad in his past, Eustache makes it so unlikely that the film itself does, although this may appear It's about disbelief, what is it underneath those who fall into its internal imperfections, what should they use at the end only in the morning. <br /> <br /> Previously, if you thought that movie like Sunrise / Sunset were Talky's, you have not done so. But as Eustache has in conversations, these characters are sometimes trivial or "deep" or sexual or frank or occasionally (or subdued) emotionally, never be interest or boring. On the other hand, it is sensational for those who can not get the best movies. His style is not once again vague nouvelle-vaghe with courage came with his forehead eleven years earlier, Eustache's new waves are touching and then wandering on them. <br /> <br /> This has a real attitude, at that time, shameful and sarcastic things, raw and shameless. All three actors are stuck to their characters and we can never perceive their emotions or melodramas. In terms of terminology / realism it is almost excellent, but there is no other way for Eustache material. Fortunately, Leaud provides the crowning chip of his career, and two women, especially Labrun Veronika, as a "whore" (claiming that the movie has previously been filmed more than once). And, as another touch, repeatedly, the director will immerse himself in a quiet moment of thought, a person sitting in his own house, listening to a record, and a quiet contemplation or agony. This is probably the most influential Jim Jarmusch, which Broken Flowers offered to Eustache, and especially a rising scene (and affectionately) the approach of late Paris. <br /> <br /> Saying sad, before I saw Broken Flowers, I never heard Eustache or this movie, and this purchase has become quite a challenge (not on the US DVD, and it was so rare in VHS continued in the library). A minute of that time was not lost; Mother and Puta is a really beautiful work, one of the best drama of French relations, as one of the highest arguments in the country that I see in general. It's complex, it's sweet, it's cold, it's absorbent, and it's too long, maybe too long. It's also about fulfilling the level that I wanted to compare with the scenes of a wedding. Real revelations about human conditions continue to flow after 35 years of each film.
