Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) is currently known as many French film directors who do not publish current unknown films and international DVDs. As it is an old old video game, it's a 3-hour and a half-hour marathon in Tucson, which is not boring in ten seconds. <br /> <br /> As one of the most controversial discussions of all time, one of the most controversial discussions at this time, let me explain unexplored interviews, the original "Nouvelle Vague" by Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais, seemed almost ridiculous. The interviews are essentially monologues, especially the longest talk by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most important feature is that the meeting point for two people's conferences is almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, is easier than talking about himself. That's why it's almost impossible to talk about communication in this movie. It is really possible for the director to have a grief in the satiety against the definitive debate on the controversial political and sociological ideas, the kind of man in Alexandre at every time we find Petron's "Satiricon". The work has a similarity to "Mother and Puta". <br /> <br /> <br /> Alexandre does nothing but performs unpretentiously, without acting, at least reasonably acting. responsible for its responsibility society. People who work at Morning 7 laughter laugh at it, when the last hour in the morning, when they work their last drink, they will go to bed in the apartment of one of their girlfriends. He can not speak a sentence without mentioning one of the main thinkers among Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who is shown in the fast French cafe "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre is sitting all day long, must be an excuse for the life of Alexandre and her colleagues, because nausea suffers from the bourgeois existence. . However, Alexandre's intellectual discourses are pseudo-intellectuals, and the references and quotations mentioned do not seem to read from the actual reading of books corresponding to a reference dictionary. <br /> <br /> It is true: this movie requires a very broad European knowledge, especially the knowledge of the French existentialist philosophy and the consequences of the revolutionary student movement, but if you have this knowledge, you can enjoy TV and laugh for 215 minutes Doing it, probably if you have not done it for a long time.
