Often, comics have an unhappy fame that has little real depth. Weapons and Men, this idea proves to be false. Shaw's play is full of comedy dramas, with an entertaining plot that combines with a true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> At one level, Weapon and Man is a romantic and successful comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial line comes from a military family that collaborates in a war. His daughters and father are two military officers. The advent of an enemy soldier is astonished at night. He saves it, knowing that the accident has to keep his family forever and eventually leaves the soldier. Obviously, after the end of the war, this soldier returns, forcing each of the first characters to regenerate their values ​​and their relationships. <br /> <br /> It's very interesting to know how Shaw's sense of comic plot is standard. . Shaw comments on class constructions, the nonsense of war, and the nature of love. And, of course, that is what Shavian does in the spirit and pleasant plot. There is so much to think about here, I think that a single visit can be lost a lot. Weapon and Man is a great theater comedy and definitely one of Shawen's best works. <br /> <br /> "Weapon and man" is a fun and thoughtful film, which is still more important today, than today. Since its founding in the 20th century. Shaw shuts down the war's theories and raises the rejection of love and family structure. The play has bright light, humor and bitter nature. A good example of Shaw's dialogue Captain Bluntschli says: "I'm a professional soldier, I have to fight, and I'm very happy because I do not get it. You're just an amateur, you think it's a fun fight, because in Switzerland Bluntschli had no reason to engage in war, and Shaw questioned this nonsense about patriotic feelings, and Shaw will explore the entire concept of war and military on both sides of the battle and, finally, that the feelings of both camps are not different . <br /> <br /> The use of dialogue and sarcasm in common notions is related to the gentle guarantee of life's story. The drama is a place that ends with the end of love of characters that make love and change of love, which is to have a universal appeal. It is a movie that maintains an image, and today's war is still good hobbies and love and the concept of marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Weapon and Man" must maintain its importance, as long as they are love and war.
