In addition, Frank Miller and Sin City comics used black and white (and their impact on black cinema), and also Christian Renaissance with Christianity. <br /> <br /> It's 2054 in Paris. In the science fiction tradition, the future is a curious and shiny jewelry. It is a jewel that surrounds misery, inequality and darkness; bright and beautiful under the black below. At the top, one of these "bright people" has been kidnapped by a large and influential researcher worldwide (Avalon). Captain Karas (James Bond himself, Daniel Craig) is assigned the task of assigning familiar and effective assignments. <br /> <br /> The plot and design is not very original. Black film, Gibson's Neuromancer and other detective stories have a great impact on films such as Blade Runner, Sin City, Fritz Lang's Metropolis and Minority Report. The main land is surrounded by other sub-plots that connect to the end. It's not hard to know everything. There is an intense visual presentation in the film in force and originality. Paris is a complex set of levels and sub-levels. Its base is a more primitive industrial infrastructure. As the city rises, its architecture is also complex and clear. However, in this structure, the human ideal and behaviors are not elevated above. Paris is very lively and has bright white. With Sin City's (comic) spirit, the movie Sin City was the source of its material. This is made easier, because it still continues in the same medium; animation As a scanner, in a dark way, he promoted the visual aspect of story telling, he does. Light and dark, black and white creates a contrasting atmosphere, as well as visual ambiguity. Correct and incorrect, white and black lose meaning in our presence at the same time. The film proves that black and white, both ambiguous and at the same time obvious. <br /> <br /> The movie spirit can be a critic and a fan. I love and hate myself. I definitely recommend the experience of lovers of visual arts. So throw in another Black and Tan, enter the void and enjoy the ride.
