The Renaissance (2006) was founded six years ago, financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom, for a cost of around 14 million. The final result is a great achievement in animated comic books, similar to Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller's film Sin City (2005), but has used motion capture with direct actors to translate faces and movements. fully animated The film presented in black and white shows how it has emerged from the pages of the graphic novels, and the futuristic city of Paris is angry with us. Under the direction of French director Christian Volckman, 'Renaissance' is drawn from other genres of the science fiction genre, and the story of black technology has never been seen, but, on the one hand, the technical point of view is a blame. <br /> <br /> 205 is the year. The city of Paris is a metropolis full of malicious straws that has no paths, the latest installation of modern technology is a wonderful mask. darkened building degradation Avalon, the largest corporation in the city, was fortunate to provide citizens with the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department wants to invent more means of eliminating the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (I saw in the English version, from Romola Garai), a brilliant young scientist, mysteriously, returns to work, and so the mythical dictator Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) is current. targeted Bislane (Catherine McCormack), the oldest sister of Ilon's sister, questions her, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a physician who loves her daughter Ilona himself. <br /> The mysterious and luminous city of Paris reminds Ridley Scott of "Blade Runner (1982)", and some of these technologies seem to be borrowed with Tom Cruise's 'Minority Report (2002)'. (that is, incidentally, it was also established in 2054). However, despite this knowledge, Volckman has created an exciting world of life for his world. By combining classical black cinema and science fiction, the result is an attractive collage with shades of light and dark shadows, I would point out that it is becoming difficult in the eyes of the audience from time to time. In some interviews, it's trivial, and although the story is fierce, it does not have a very original original (except for the end I thought it was a twin tour of this traditional formula), but it's a 'Renaissance' work. The best visual treatment, and to achieve this can not be denied about that.
