Start the initial credits sequence with a curious nightmare. After finishing his dystopian in Paris in 2054, he goes on to the woman in a grungy club where he and Slavic woman meet on his back. They throw out exclamations while forcing more money for each other, but he thinks he pays for it all. Another woman hinders the violence of violence only to make the woman struggle more badly. The first woman comes out and is kidnapped. Christian Volckman's rebuilding is another event in a line of assembly consisting of black-and-white fictional motion capture movements, but it's actually true. in the darkness in his early minutes, even though Karas, as a man who has been recognized since the beginning, recalls a police man who wakes up from a mad dream. <br /> <br /> They are basic in the field of black cinema. without any anachronistic changes for all purposes. The French thriller of Volckman does not, for example, follow the monochrome hardness. The animators of the movie, usually removed from face-down physical illumination, came up with a completely black frame and added white whites on the screen action. As the realm of real-world sources imitate full color, the black-and-white distinction is completely unchanged without the slightest shades of gray, in order to define less specific code of the characters, and the result is that the direction of commercial civilization occasionally causes the overwhelming and intractable vision of blaring and ruthless clarity . The artistic research of black cinema is the visual limitation of its philosophy, and nothing before has ever been shared with the same fair of the visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this cyberpunk movie seem to have only a black ink on a Gothic comic book, but their physical responses, their movements, and the nuances of their faces express themselves clearly in humanity. Usually the films that try out new developments in the animation make the technical advances make all the other aspects of production stressful. Sin City, for example, may be a good fit for the screen material on the left and the overall screen. <br /> <br /> It may not be taken into account, it may have its narrative conventions and it can be voiced. It should be appropriate, but the Renaissance, made in six years of 19 million dollars, is not only a real black man, but merely a sudden adaptation, but it is not the second kind of visual innovation as an unexpected behavior at the same time . Karas does not think so much about how hot he fights when he avoids crossing the street in Paris, but about the average weight of life and death, such as death, life, and tragedy.
