The second movie is beautiful. That's why he earns 7, because the plot is not inherently false, and as I think again in the last 90 minutes, I never felt any illusion or investment in the characters. Anyone, luxury graphics and drawings, have done much more than pedestrian scenes (such as car harassment), but they do not look beautiful and have a very original design and occasional innovative camera angles. There is a lack of kinetic motion and close-ups of any normal action / thriller language. The first hours are interviewed, and the interview is very edgy and feels a little scenic; people are waiting for each other and do not always react in natural cadence, that is, they would record each individual's conversation one by one. On several occasions, emotional voices do not match the screen; Something to be avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (glass walls / ceilings / screens, smoke / mirage / special effects) and many cars with a nice look, but once again - it's more graphic design exercises that will not affect the story. Encourage the animation of the drawn animation (instead of the actors / CGI) to promote imagination and design boundaries. Making it difficult or non-practical in other resources. Renaissance animation is amazing and well-done, I never saw anything I've ever seen before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from an imbalance. beauty story and rhythm. To be honest, some fascinating and entertaining French films have slowed down, and the image that shows rainfall in someone's eyes or Paris's cube can cause a great deal of emotion - but the cheerleader must understand the enthusiasm's strength. it has weaknesses in relation to real life. Perhaps, it would break the black rules that the film wants to hang, but I think filmmakers also lost an unforgettable opportunity to explore the future society - social layers, corporate fascist hobbies, etc. . <br /> <br /> I do not create problems for anyone who enjoys the Renaissance for stylistic design and / or animation (especially "Manga" fans), but I would not be able to sit through my friend-friendly friends. Take a great look and it's not nearly an average movie.
