In the picture, Frank Miller's Sin City hyper-stylized black-and-white figures with classic stories. Then write a science-fiction dystrophy thriller, like Steven Spielbergen Minority Report or Richard Linklate's A Scanner Darkly. The first feature of the previous debut was a good way to describe the dreamy French director of Christian Volckman. Although Volckman's work is definitely related to the aforementioned film and the like, such a simplistic hybrid is not Renaissance, the final result of Volckman is a much more complex work than justice. > <br /> The genre's hybrid is a great success, especially in today's context, showing the individual's pool is becoming more and more sold out. Therefore, the Renaissance is at least a laudable cinematographic experiment, a thriller of the neo-noir detective thriller and the excellent allegorical fear of the dystopian drama of his fantasy. conventions in a strange way. The script is clear and interesting (although it is reasonable to make many lines of the script have been much more efficient in their original English for French translation - the title of the film becomes much more poignant). step by step in front of the public. Although many of the Earth's crests are very popular among science-fiction thrillers, the script strikes unexpected turns and turns at the right time to keep audiences in their toes, to make it truly commendable. > <br /> Volckman's film emphasizes its visual component, and the spectacular black-and-white animation film stands out prominently. It is very elegant and elegant, showing a great aesthetic effect on the use of two shades. Composing each and every one of the pictures with very impressive details, using very intense shades and intriguing angles to increase the emotional strain of the scene, the film comes out directly from Frank Miller comic, but with a twist at the end. the result being a brilliant vision. <br /> <br /> A compelling interpretation of the English language is also a very good set of voice polls. Rigid Voice of Daniel Craig is a perfect perfect casting for Karas Stoic Police and Catherine McCormack is a great presence as a mysterious woman who is making her sister disappear. Although an English accent in English, Romola Garai has worked as a doubtful sister, and Jonathan Pryce has the mighty threatening bosses of Avalon's mega-corporation. Ian Holm's reedy voice chooses as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes a powerful impression on her short scene. <br /> <br /> Alongside it, Renaissance has a spectacular, unique and compelling vision. as it is entertaining. Although the plot often causes moody moody masterpieces and occasional weak lines that prohibit movies, the excellent animation itself leads through occasional worries. For those fans of superb movie genres, or Frank Miller, or a futuristic thriller that is hand-made and slightly less conventional, the movie is a question that deserves the clock. <br /> </ p> - 8/10
