Scanner Darkly, Minority Report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and World of Tomorrow? If you are a fan of any of them, it's worth it to see it worth it. <br /> <br /> The French Renaissance project 'animation project was required for a solid budget for seven years and last night I could see a private screening at the Stockholm International Film Festival. My spontaneous reaction is awe; For my reflection 'huh, neat' and deeper analysis is unfortunately 'meh'. The brilliant science fiction victory is on the surface, but it's a bit scratched or a bit unpleasant and its unnecessary complex plot becomes a plain character. <br /> <br /> However, it is clear that the people of Onyx have made it visible with the aforementioned surface. The sight is amazing. Recording has been captured by live motion capture in direct-motion key-waves, with bright black and bright contrasts and a high-powered rotoscoped backdrop. If you are not a "technical language", the movie Sin City seems to be totally animated. Its lightweight, transparent, dark and stylish template is made up of a huge lightning bolt. It's an overview. There are a lot of credit for crisp sound effects that break future weapons, suspensful music, heavy rains and glass fragments. It's a nerd dream of all kinds of technology ... <br /> <br /> It's a noisy, dreary movie and a premiere of the premiere of the upcoming Paris. He has been involved in a major corporation called 'Avalon'. Citizens of custody (think of Minority Report transparent screens and genetic engineering). The latter implies a mysterious kidnapping of the young Ilona investigator (which is called Romola Gorge). Cut us our fake police officer and star Karas (Daniel Craig)? A man who takes the law in his own hands? who is the case of finding and recovering Ilona? In this case, she is accompanied by the sister of Illon and begins a love relationship with her. A very middle-aged love, I can say so. <br /> <br /> The Renaissance world is outstanding. Christian Volckman's director combines horror issues with solitary detectives hidden in cad, rat, femme fatales, and dark solitaires. The problem is that creators should have very clear and written archetypes in the story, or films would be "surrealists" for the mainstream, due to their wonderful animated formats. As a result, there are a lot of topical characters, such as evil delusions, crime bosses bosses and all-powerful chickens with stiff headaches. He cries on his face, and it is not necessary. <br /> <br /> It's even worse if the conversation is a little over-invented. It seems that there is only one reason to boost all lines on the plot. This is not a solution, because the plot is so complex that it needs some clear directions. Daniel Craig also helps here because it brings a senseless attitude towards the character of the oral toys. At some point in the Renaissance, there is a lively access to the car, probably one of the adrenaline pumping and higher sequences of the film. Unfortunately, the novelty of the science-fiction images lost the car's persecution and 'Renassaince' could be somewhat shorter. In short, the futuristic comic book is very interesting but incorrect. From 10 to 7
