According to the story, on December 28, 1895, thirty-three people gathered in a small group at the Duke's Cafe in Paris, a witness of the Cinématographe, due to a new invention of August. and Louis Lumière. The small audience gathered during that day (with some invitations, most of the curiosity) did not know what was expected from the show, and when a steady shot on the screen appeared, most believed that Cinématographe invented another fantasy. presentation slides. Until the photo started moving The coldest thirty-three people, on December day, were the first screening of a screen shot of a screen; It was writing history and we know that film is born on that day. <br /> <br /> 10 short films presented in this historical day "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Leaving Lumière Factory") was the first project. The film will see a large number of Lumière plant workers when they go through the doors of the factory, leaving the building work and at the end of a hard day's work. Although a very "movie" movie (a movie that depicts a real event), the movie was shocked by all of the viewers, whose concept of moving their photographs was based on the Edison "Peep Show" machine (Kinetoscope). It was like nothing that he did not see before, so the audience were amazed because people and horses were moving around the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince started his first film in 1888), but it was a revolutionary way of showing the movie. <br /> <br /> "La Sortie des Usines Lumière" would be the first series of "current movies" that Lumière would produce over the years. This primitive documentary form was a favorite type of brother film, since the technological aspects of their invention were more interested than the use of Cinématographe. Despite the initial enthusiasm, after the first film Cinématographe became a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" soon became the first screening. It was the first movie filmed by the brothers of that year and it was probably not the best of the 10 films of that day (I personally think that "Arroseur Arrosé" was 10 best); However, it is really significant that the first movie was opening a double door, literally, as we know as the movie opened the doors of the cinema. 8/10
