I returned to the end of the night film and silently left most of the audience with the black and white images of the partition, the freedom of the consortium, etc., although it reminded us of life. our previous ancestors! In the middle of this background, intelligence, there was no tel / fax / internet at that time, but it was given to Raj, a voice of truth and non-violence, cinematography, an unhappy reality. <br /> </ p> <p> Gandhi was a South African civil servant attorney who sought his basic ideologies and was given the belief that Smut in general was revealing the original Smut conversation. On the screen. The best speech and the Indians, thank you very much, was a terrifying threat to the British! It was a lovely note when he was silent for the British of India, now Gandhi, when he directs the Indian politician to India. (Towards Saints). <br /> <br /> In the back of a large family with children, there is a need for a clear separation of attention and love, which only left the unhappy child's psyche. for non-virtual ambitions. Little did he know that Harilal carries his ability and emotionally with small pleasures of life and fails to face a great idol of his father. Happy is trying to eliminate the effort that is the foundation of any success to be seen. In the streets of Gandhi's residence, when Harilal opens his frustration, that is, he becomes weak in intelligence, because he is forced to enter into religious conversion and alcoholism, and debt and disbelief fed negative thoughts. He still showed his sincere love for the mother through tangible scenes, and even though the humble expressions that make up Gandhi's Harilal's forgiveness had no effect on his mind, he always feared Gandhi. He could not digest Gandhi could not share it with love, when he was expecting and rebellion, when his father could not understand the same money given to his father's money. He saw an opportunity to learn lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> This had to be thrown into the streets, because it was thrown on the street as a beggar, while India was celebrating Indepedence! There are never changes that show how sad Kasturba and Gandhi's death show emotional silence. In the end, the last thoughts of Harilalla's dying are mixed lately to raise public awareness and to ask where he or she is. the father of the country wrong? it was a powerful intelligence to bring a man to a powerful intelligence to show him an army and use his brave soldier soldiers to use British weapons, and that rival forces will not have anything to do with the nation's interest. Although reading a heart of Mahatma, he has to live outside of his family and see how emotionally naïve he was unable to see inside his life. <br /> <br /> They are guilty of trying to make the nail threads still deteriorating. In today's life, families of many parents like Mahatma use drugs, alcoholism and God to know what thoughts have been. Here, brave guys (soldiers) -sons a message from the nation's father! and happiness will be given or, on the other hand, hope is a disaster, right?
