With Sir Richard Attenborough, it was easy for Gandhi (1982) to tell a story about a great person who has recently been on this planet. On the contrary, it must be much harder for Feroz Abbas Khan as the director of the film to make Gandhi my father's debut as a movie director, making an anti-heroine hero against an international hero. . The events of the movie are real. He lived in the Mahatma Gandhi film, and set great moral standards to follow the world. However, these standards refuse to be a lawyer with renowned fame like his father, Harilal, to complete his education and work in India, and thus provide his family income for nuclear. <br /> <br /> The movie does not ban Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his role was more than the family's wishes. He loved his family and they took care of them, though their thoughts on how to think their delight were the idea of ​​preserving their cheeks. He defended the equality and dignity of all people, and other people who deserved his son favored his wealth to give him special advantages, the basis of his preaching was the opposite. The film examines the unusual case for parents, where an idealistic parent puts them up for a descendant that is less than bright. <br /> <br /> It presents an unusual scenario that happened in the movie. A child connects with a childhood lover who prevents his father. Father draws on educational plans for his son. A fragile bond between a dedicated child and a father breaks down, the son wants to keep himself and take care of his noble family. While the father becomes a father of a nation, his son dares to seek personality and survival. His marriage is broken and he seeks consensus on religion, the turmoil between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his evils, he continues with his mother until he is drunk until he is drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a theater director until he enters his film world. Mahatma vs. Gandhi plays a great part in the theater's theater community. The play, as a result, was based on two biographies, namely Chandulal Dalal and Nilamben Parekhek, one after another. According to the success of the play, Anil Kapoor, the commercial actor in Bollywood, was a clear reason for producing this feature. Good guys every time trying to direct theatrical film, there is no trustworthy evidence. Peter Brook is a great theater director, but not a cinematographic director. The first films by Khanen, Harilal Gandhi, are promising a great movie for Sion's Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai), whose father Bapu (known as Mahatma Gandhi) is a nationwide father. The hospital authorities do not recognize Mahatma Gandhi's eldest son, who is dying of poverty and loneliness. Apart from the opening of the film, unfortunately, the film presents a great story and the great outlines of father and son, meditating in a silhouette. Regarding an Indian film, he presents great productive features with great detail (most of the Indians in the film are dressed in dusty and dumb shapes, modern actors' hairstyles and even Shefali Shetty, wife of Mohandas Gandhi a century ago with broken eyebrows) , Indian cinema inconvenience As Feroz Khan is the identity of the theater, he has made much more effort to work with the actors to act as characters, rather than film details, as a product of Sir Attenborough Theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> It was really hard to criticize Gandhi in any way, despite the fact that there was no direct criticism in that film, producer Anil Kapoor made a definitive decision to not make the posters of the film. The available Height of India, afraid of a poster to be undone or of any intention or unwanted intention. <br /> <br /> With all of the great mixes and mistakes, Gandhi, my dad throws a lot of questions to the viewer. Is the mother-child a stronger bond between parents and children? Does one's immediate family less important than mankind? Is it protected in religion and alcohol when world problems are found throughout the world? In this movie, Harilal, unfortunately, driven from one religion to another, while his father does not have a quote from the Scriptures, "Excuse me, they do not know what they do," as South African police throw and throw on the ground. and to persuade others. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actor Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian Critics Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have managed a very sensitive subject and have achieved shows above the average of the cast of actors. I hope that the international success of the film will be a good way to shoot a great new theater by Girish Karnad in Tughlaq.
