Feroz Abbas Khanen Gandhi, a movie that broke my relationship with my father Mahatma and Harilal Gandhi. For a story that is as dramatic as it tries to tell this film, it's a shame that the director does not say much. Gandhi, My father is like a dreadful story you are studying. Now the film is about to convey a very interesting point: because Gandhi was correct in his effort, the mother was unfair. At this point, the film is performed on several occasions, and one of the best examples of this point is that this scholarship in England is rejected by Gandhi's son twice. Hailing to face that betrayal and what happened to Harilal, the director moves with the story, without forgetting the reaction that Harilal faces before his father. That's why when we finally see Harilal's appearance, it resembles what he's reacting to. <br /> <br /> The point we are trying to find here is never really understood by Harilal's rebellion. We never understood why it became Islam, and then again to Hinduism. The thing is, we never really understand Harilal. And the director of this movie is busy Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in fighting for freedom, a story that many of us know. Unless otherwise indicated, Gandhi, My Father, will examine the close relationship between father and child, but will not explain the cracks of this relationship first. Harilal had to live up to the burden of Gandhi. son, but show us why it was a burden. Show conflicting initial events. For example, it is not enough to say that Gandhi is against the early marriage of Harilal, is not it why this opposition is said? It is not enough that Kasturba denounces his husband, as his son appeared, as he always shook himself from the schools of Gujarat and South Africa, he had to move around whenever Gandhi had to relocate. Words are not enough, show us how these facts shaped the nature of Harilal Gandhi. In addition to replacing Gandhi and Gandhi with the evil theme of this dark relationship, the film is based on excessive tangents, which dilutes its influence. main theme This has never been a movie for Independence, and often seems to be forced by the director to go through the main events that have come to this historic moment, although the fundamental premise of the movie is not important: father-son storm relationship storm So, with this movie you see the problem, it's not a bad movie, but it's definitely very confusing. What happens with the children of Harilal after the death of his wife? Have you ever been in contact with them? Where have they disappeared after this scene we see with Mahatma and Kasturba? One of these questions is not a response to a movie that wants to be a relationship with Gandhi family. The movie version of Feroz Abbas Khan's awesome theater, Gandhi My Father, is not asking. Cinematicly, the filmmaker's intention is to return to an ambitious screen. Almost all of the scenes of the movie come out and the blurring and disappearance are closing and closing, since they never run together. In a positive aspect, there is a film about your own nobility. The filmmaker makes every effort to get a balanced narrative that does not try hard to take on aspects that never judge his father or son, unlike the evil one. The film, however, makes it clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch, whose idea could be a nation, but, of course, his family moves away. Among all the actors in the film, Akshaye Khanna is really fortunate Harilal Gandhi. It is a wonderful performance, and it's not easy, because the role takes almost the whole life of the character. But Akshaye brings this part of being strange and innocent and desperate, and transforms it into a wonderful image of Harilal. Look at this scene that discovers that his wife was dead, and you will realize how much body language it transmits. Darshan Jariwala, who plays with Gandhi Senior, has taken an approach caricatured for Mahatma in recent years, but humanizing his man in his early years as a barrister in South Africa is the role actor this is the best contribution. . He plays Shastal Shah with a large number of Kasturba, a woman who wanted to break the conflict with her parents, but if she does not bring a feeling of misfortune, it's not so much that her guilt is a blasphemy. . It has been a great effort to make this film, which is evident in its entirety, but it is so boring that you remember that film as you take it when you get it. Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi is my Father's Director. It's a sincerity effort, but a movie that can make a strident script. What we learn from film is that Gandhi and Harilal were very unhappy with each other. And with this film, the director also makes us.
