The director Kinka Usher continues his belief: "They will play and laugh at all", and with the help of an excellent cast, "Mystery Men" should become a worship film of all time. When it's bad evil, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from the head of the corporation, captures local Superhero Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear) and Champion City, three recipient superheroes, Mr. Furious, he will take it. ), Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) have been saved. However, Frankenstein has received a lot of waste from the immersed world and has become a wonderful opponent. The trio realizes that the need for help is and the choice to decide; In the end, it's just the most prestigious superhero team in film history. Mr. Furious has his anger; Shovel, shovel; Blue Raja has silver bowls (especially forks, and occasionally spoon, but not knife). The Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) may become invisible while he does not see anyone; Sphinx (Wes Studi) is a heavy-hitter that is downhill south, is very mysterious and can break his gun in half. Maybe; Cyclist (Janeane Garofalo) is deadly with deadly accuracy; and flatulence that stops the entire room from Spleen (Paul Reubens). This is a great set, which lacks laxity and is not greeted and directs at all times. This is a wonderful interview, and the performances given by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are plenty of memorable and hilarious scenes, especially for the pool and a barbecue to hire them and the fascinating set of applicants with interviews. and the other, in a bar, when the rider makes a conversation with his longtime mother, who sets his head in his bowl. The most fun thing, however, should be when the team is trying to rescue Captain Amazing. However, they are the only examples, the whole movie is made up of a hilarious scene that is scattered with humor and will continue to think for a long time. The real secret of success, however, is that Usher maintains the true; Relationships between characters are true and the concept of "superhero" is reasonably well-founded, giving credibility to the whole procedure. In this world, Mr. Furious and the rest are in despair, and Usher laughed because they are never in sight or in mere sight. Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (The Blue Raja, mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and others. Pras (Tony C.). The "Mystery Man" is a really inspired movie that has always been seen, which is what is guaranteed for all new looks. With the immense words of Sphinx, "we're a number! All others are two or smaller. Is Oscar-a movie worth? barely; but have fun and laughter, give yourself this maestro of comedian master; It's a real deal and you will not regret it. I value this 10/10.
