I watched "Mystery Men" while I was on holiday on the 1999 birthday. When I returned home I saw it again. Remember, I was twelve years old, but at that time it was the best movie. I have also collected some rare images of strange actions (though I do not have to find a harder Bowler except Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, Spleen and Captain Amazing, if you're asking yourself). There is an image of William H. Macy's!). I've seen it several times over the years and I'm still my favorite, especially in childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but definitely worth a look and maybe it's worship. <br /> <br /> The story: They save a series of superheroes below the day. The "Specials" live video clip was run again. But the other end of the spectrum is: a great budget (a great budget, almost 100 million dollars) I study comedy. Yes, the effects are wrong, considering the giant sets and the wonderful design of production on the plot. But do not think this stupid, it's a movie of special and superhero effects. It's PARODY Kasanova Frankenstein is fighting the evil one, the people. He has a psycho-molecule, whatever it is (dooms day device, he will take the world, yada yada.) And the superhero resident Captain Amazing (Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, his dress is pleased with his logo of commercial products) is kidnapped. Mystery's time: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller is mad), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, who plays the shovel), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, Britons, Vowels), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, cups) , Boy Invisible (Kel Mitchell, what he guessed), The Spleen (great Paul Reubens, farts), and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut the gun down in his head, I'm not joking). Among other great actors, Geoffrey Rush Cassanova, as a wife of Lena Olin Cassanova, and only Tom Waits as the crazy salesman of weapons. So ... Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush are four Oscars (and a winner) and Tom Freakin 'Waits! It's not perfect. It is very long and there are some corners (The Shoveller). <br /> <br /> The conversation is definitely much greater than the physical comedy (that is, there is a man with his power, in the case closed). The interviews are remarkable, the cyclical differences of Sphinx, Mr. Furious's Metaphorous Mixes, etc. The movie is totally fun (almost everyone will forget about Smashmouth's "All Star" movie. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, As much as the audience needed, a sequel was originally planned (the film's "The Flaming Carrot" is based on comic book comics and characters. I think it's planned for this episode, but that's not welcome at the box office. It could be a tough sale, There was a superhero comedy produced by "Something About Mary", also released on "The Sixth Sense", which was the final success of August, as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair." The other two misunderstood classics were overwhelmed by the weekend They were published in the same way, "Dick" and "The Iron Giant." Critics gave a good review of MM, but it was quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, in Comedy Central's Roast Jerry Stiller, Jeffrey Ross's comic book Aryan commented to Ben Stiller, "I saw Mystery Men and I shot MY agent." Well, then, I will "listen" to you. Do not listen Give "Mystery Men" the chance.
