I love the latest episodes of Spoilers at the University, but I can get the last season on the DVD. Unfortunately, it's the last university season I've ever had. The teenagers were still delicious; Although they focused on a lot of magic, teenagers became a character that could be linked by young people, as well as the struggle between adolescent and divorced families. This show was very innocent; They did not enter into teenage illnesses, for example, sex and drugs, but they determined pressure to join him. I loved seeing his growth and coping with his magic and trying to persuade his aunt. he's gone. The oldest times were very nice, but it was better to see him as good (not really a young witch), but he was an adult witch. I love Roxy and Mortgan; they were great talents! In the first episodes the aunts were good actors, but they were so demanding, pleasing and loving, but somehow they were treated like children, but not at all. I mean, based on the small mistakes he made with his magic, I mean that he will learn from his mistakes once! That's why I liked college passages; He learned from his mistakes everything without foundation; That was annoying. Do not put Hilda and Zelda on. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and Sabrina was wonderful with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode that married Harvey, but as someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened after that. I mean, that he was married; What else would they do in the race? But I would like to see it. I think they wanted to leave the audience, choosing more than one spoon, just like most comics do. Someone said he said he would marry and go home to school, but graduated from college. Sabrina had a great deal of work for a magazine, and I think Harvey had a good job, because she lived in a pretty apartment we only saw at last, but she never said what she did. As a child, he always talks about how he does not want to have an extermination like his father. When Sabri's house moved in that season, they never really explained how it happened. Actually, the show does not explain much, but presumably suppose we leave it and give it a bit of mystery. Before getting married to Sabrina and her friends, she shows up on a full-fledged show that hides Hilda, that is, Zelda becomes a baby. Hilda will be back in the final section (and Zelda is nowhere else, but Beth is not in the section), but they do not show Zelda's husband, or what happened, were they children? Maybe they did not want too much in a section. Hart, my sister was infected with what I liked! She was a great actress and actress and it was interesting to see the child! I think it's gun since it was six years since the show came out! I still love them again! Also, I do not know if anyone notices it, but in the first episodes, the town was called Westbridbe (I think it was a town called Salem) but later they did not. I mentioned the name of the town that has been released by Westbridge, and I think it's called Boston, if it's not in the place where it works. Also, I wanted to add, I found the "Wild Wild Sabrina" section, where it is taught about the importance of the rules, which insult. He was 18 years old and was too old to be grounded; My parents would have been hurt at age 18. And I think that it could be confused as it could be in 18 years, they should learn the consequences themselves. I know the rules that I am 18 years relevant.
