They open the name "Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys on the sidewalk," where the pavement ends (1950), while dirty water falls between the sewer grid. Does the pavement express respectability, integrity and morale? They are only roosted by criminals and delinquents. However, the most common men sometimes tend to be wrong, and when the sidewalk ends immediately, it is sometimes impossible to avoid getting wet shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in a gutter, his father was a criminal profession, and his life has decided to go back from his claws, constantly balancing on the edge of the border. As a detective of police, Dixon wanted to show his father not sincerely and honestly, but he could not flee. When murdered by a murder, the murderer is supposed to be dead, Dixon despises his father, who is to be infamous and to lie in his lie. <br /> <br /> 'Where are the sidewalks?' Directed by Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and Otto Preminger, the only film was directed by "Laura (1944)," although two films, noir, go no further. Although the previous images are strong in the intimacy of a story in a country house, this movie is most common as a city police drama. With the most memorable and memorable memories of Laura Hunt, it's unfortunate that Tierney is being used very little here, occupying a typical niche of the most romantic and inhospitable interest [like Jules Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)). }. Andrews, on the other hand, rarely improved, I did not expect the strenght and anger to be removed. Gary Merrill is just as adept at Scalise's boss, but she's not quite deliberate to get the role, and I think she's an actress like Richard Conte (called Mr. Brown's "The Big Combo (1955)"). character better fits; I did not realize that, but Conte appeared a year earlier in Preminger's 'Whirlpool (1949).' <br /> <br /> Because Dixon tries to cover unexpected crime, is it really strange? Undoubtedly, among the sequential events of his time? Although I still do not know how to exploit its power. The taxi driver was the only person who could only condemn Dixon, but he is faster with Preminger's passing of the Dixon stairs. Dixon witnessed that he was recovering his own movements outside the apartment, we could have some fireworks. And why, could the taxi driver's testimonial immediately stop Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) from suspecting his assassination? Such terrifying inconsistencies, such as the otherwise superb script of Ben Hecht, infuses infrared infotacy on the infamous police bumps and wise-crackers. Andrews 'law and forceful, rage and torment, rarely has been better, at least Robert Ryan is the same as Nicholas Ray's' On Dangerous Ground (1952). "
