New York Police Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) detects with his everyday demons the usual dangers of daily life and confront his own demons. The tensions caused by inner struggle and the criminals lead us to serious misjudgment and misconduct that does not recognize the need to contact the wrong parties in the law. . Long-term suspects and renowned criminals are being treated for abuse, which is in conflict with their senior officers, who have been denounced in a violent manner. Dixon can not stop them from losing the harsh, extreme and irrational hurt of all criminals. His father was a crime he was suffering and his need for the fame of his father to live down the fortress and later many people have left little hope for it. <br /> <br /> When a wealthy Texas dies after a game played by Tommy Scalise gangster (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned. Scalise Dixon Thomas (Karl Malden) is a Senior Lecturer of the Detective, Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and Morgan's wife (Gene Tierney) and Paine murdered. Dixon goes to the Paine apartment and questions what is suspect and inoperative, and when Pain punch, Dixon retrieves and Paine falls and dies. Dixon approaches the body in a nearby river. The painter's wife is questioned and after describing what happened to Scalese, she added that her father returned home tonight to return to the apartment of Paine that she had returned to her face. Before several times, Pain attacked him and his father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that Pain would rise again. This information causes Taylor to be arrested and killed. No one says Dixon's explanation that he has been killed by Scalise in Texan, and then killed as a Paine witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon still strives to condemn Scales, but only gets the most out of it successfully. His goal is to confess his pain to Death and his coat. He does this and also tells only that he is capable of dealing with Scales and arresting the police in order to assassinate Dixon's assassination. Against Scalise and the final path that Dixon achieves his salvation leads to an end to this marvelous thriller and adaptation. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews expresses concern and is concerned about her constant and confused nature. Anxiety that analyzes the death of unexpected death and an incident of discomfort. Dixon, however, is not a misfortune Morgan, because a successful model loses his job around him. Father, a few years before, when he received a diploma in aiding the police, finds himself charged with a criminal offense. Ken Paine, a hero of the war, led to the loss of unemployment and self-esteem, caused by alcoholism and wife blows, and Dennis's father created business, Scales also suffers from his misfortunes. <br /> <br /> "Where the sidewalk ends" is a very funny story, a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main protagonist, an absolute character of moral ambiguity.
