Otto Preminger has an ambitious ambition of horrible black cinema and dreamy vision, the betrayal of the main character of the character, who still lives under his criminal father. Dana Andrews is a "fierce revenge," an outcast, irrational and destructive, she may have changed to look after a good woman. He regains a confusing man with his confusion of righteousness. The final mood of the Ben Heth Storyteller's second half is based on the rhythm of Andrews, and Premerer's film introduces him into a prosaic style of style. We do not see and hear the city tonight; We feel that Preminger allows us to see and hear its peripheral and distant factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews adds a complex nature to her harsh violence and infestation. As it develops in the plot, it is hidden in the sections of the situation, but it is renewed with external actions that appear in the face of the black vintage protagonist before executing them. <br /> <br /> The specific phase of the development of the genre of an island is a black, wild and shaky cinema that is part of the world's underlying climate, where the hero is so angry and always angry and loses it. Rational Resistance, Professional Principle and Ethical Limitations, Still Good Police. Preminger tells a drama about social consciousness about a drama about social and consciousness about a ruined community in a damaged city, but keeping it as an existential link to humanity that links Andrew's shoulders with a thriller route. - Creeping and correcting the wrong and perpetual perception of the law. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the 1950s, the production companies owned social problems and made a "small budget". low-risk tales ", such as, apparently, conservative critics and busy socialists to avoid attempts to avoid an attempt, but there is an expressionist functionality in the Inimitable view of Preminger, each scene is routinely injected into the back of the plot, each person must pull their weight, Something interesting, but no one is cartoons or comic reliefs. Everyone thinks they are stars, according to Karl Malden's police inspector and a straightforward confirmation of a server from a server on a server server. These are the stars: Andrews and Gene Tierney, both of them They want to be vain attempts to overcome their emotional intensities - who do not want them.
