At first glance, it seems natural to compare the place where the place of the hall is with Laura. Both have both black characters, both Otto Preminger and Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney stars. However, most comparisons end. Laura worked with sophisticated and sophisticated people through the confusion of dying. Where pavilions are located in different layers where they are located. It's just over two-cycle people, who are accustomed to seeing the foundations of society as accustomed to holiday attire. The place where the pavement finishes is a wonderful film full of despair, solving its problems with their fists or other weapons. The hooded hats are from twelve to ten and the police officers have come from cruel offenses. Being trapped in a murder investigation seems to me as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews does not even see all the work I've seen, based on what I have seen. police, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. The local bands are undergoing a police attack, if they get information or confiscation. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. It's best to cover it. But things get worse when the deceased wife Morgan Taylor (Tierney) falls to his wife, and his father's murder case becomes a suspect. As Morgan's father claims his world, Dixon can do what he can do without getting rid of the old man, involving himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the pavements end. In addition to Andrews's superb performances, Tierney is always a nice movie. The awful moment also seems to be a brighter quality. The rest of the cast is as strong as Tom Tully, because it is a true reminder of the accused father. Beyond the play, directors, groups, lighting and cinematography are all higher. In general, the film is well done. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint (and, of course, the disadvantage is very small), Tierney is almost perfect for its role and its surroundings. It's a bit difficult for me to think of a woman with some bad characters. It's not really his fault, it's just the way to find Tierney. It looks nice, gentle and modest. But his gentle, pleasant and trusting nature adds to his portrait the necessary sense of realism.
