We're far from LAURA. Otto Preminger directs it again, Dana Andrews appoints Mark as a detective of police, and Gene Tierney is a beautiful woman who hates her. In exchange for commercial commercial conversation, we achieve a wonderful and disturbing realism. While the first movie was in New York's highest social classrooms, here are dark streets, bells, cheap restaurants, and crisp weights. Tierney, always so wonderful, now works as a department store manic and lives in Washington Heights (she once got the cover of "Mark Doll" in LAURA's Mark McPherson). This time, Andrews is Mark Dixon, the older, softer, and more confused version of the cool police. <br /> <br /> WHERE CONCERTS DOES NOT USE A black sub-genre, paying attention to the police who do not push their brutality on the police brutality. As a character of DETECTIVE STORY of Kirk Douglas, Dixon owes his contempt for his father's cruelties to his criminal past. Douglas is in a state of being blind and self-guilty of his mistakes, and Andrews is condemned by his own fault. He accidentally murders a suspect and covers his actions as a suspected gangster lover (Gary Merrill) has been in vain for many years. Instead, a delightful taxi driver is suspected of being killed by his wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney), because he is a married couple and a mistress. Dixon, in love with the wife of his wife who died, strives to save his father without giving himself up. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews had the distinction between the protagonists: there was no understanding at all. While usually Joe was playing an average, he would find him sensitive and sensitive as usual; In more than one sense, his air, as his actress, more reflective of his comfort, gave him his immense character. He played ordinary men, police and soldiers, but always seeing and knowing was a tragic exaggeration. The hero of his conscience, fatigue, guilt, is impossible to "ease". Another actor could not say so well the angry, slow pain, Mark Dixon's ingenuous intelligence. It also has a tenderness of mute, a radiant warmth, and even a heart-curving mood. This comes out when Morgan moves him to a traditional restaurant, and for the first time we see a merchant who makes insects with makeup-insolence cold and violent men, whose insight can not hide his love and concern. When Dixon asks him for money with his partner Morgan's father's lawyer, he supplies it, though he recently argued and Dixon punched him. There is no word about loyalty, but a good scholar is a man, but we all see it with the grave silence of the man and the despair of his wife, leaving them in their hands. Dixon's welfare crosses the reactions of others through Andrew's deep emotion. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a small star, maybe he could be the 40th man. It goes through several films that have not been filmed directly; By means of a silhouette of the mid-twentieth century, the fedora, the vampire, did not cigar her mouth, when she speaks, she looks like men's hard-wearing and embarrassing men's jail. Many little ones duplicate the tough guy, which is a fascinating portrait of reality behind the facade, which uses SIDEWALK ENDS, a melancholic exploration of roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Andrews sadly underrated during his time (his only best nominee for the best three of LIVES was the only Oscar nominee, although his lower-level performance was much more credible than Frederic March's hammy, Oscar-winning) . Luckily, Andrews appeared in some movies that guarantee his immortality, and in the end his unfamiliar movie of the best film is part of the wonderful set of Fox Film Noir. Some of these series, the first unpublished titles (including NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), Twentieth-Century-Fox suggest that it could have the best record of all the black studios.
