George Cukor directs this high-quality story into the theater with a sturdy but hard-working group. Ronald Colman's screening, when he won an Oscar, has still stood out despite the still-overdue moments? It is difficult to forget the forgotten face, while social functions is bored and trying to find meaning in his life. There are many interesting subtexts and Cukor works brilliantly without being clear, forcing too much. Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon's great screenwriter, combining the curious world of theater with the confused world of streets, and the use of Shakespeare's "King Lear" elements as a reference to the jealousy of the film and the obsession of the personality of the character of Colman. . <br /> <br /> Some interesting things about this movie? Skin can be excluded as a flippant treatment of everyday problems. In other words, if the art of acting demands the full sublimation of individuality, we would soon have the psycho-pedagogical methods that the actors were going through the streets. But I do not think that the main concern of this story is acting or acting. Anthony's fight represents a more existential question, buried deeply by identity uncertainty. I know, the key to the relationship with Britta (Signe Hasso). He never inspired the actress that he never did or could turn it into. At another point, she explicitly stated that she started with her identifying with her papers. I do not know what to do, but I think it is very important to me, above all because of the obsession with it and its jealousy at the end. Perhaps due to this, Anthony will be in danger of making a serious relationship first. Marriage brings "unity of the soul" into a traditional concept. It is not uncommon at the beginning of the film that the male and female protagonists have been divorced. It's not entirely unprecedented (such as the "Hawks" comedy "Girl"), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially that they do not solve romantic separation. In some ways, the movie jealousy can be said to be another way of self-love.
