Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who begins to lose sense of mind and identity. After years of playing a large number of pieces, he can not remember who he is in detail - who is his or her own duties and who is it. And, much more serious, he begins to see and hear his game in everyday life. So, as "Othello" is playing, he begins to play jealous and suspicious as the character of the title. In the end, it leads to insanity and murder. <br /> <br /> I watched the movie a few years ago and I liked it. I've seen it again and I love it. Now maybe my excitement is that I've always liked Ronald Colman, and that's his great victory - for which he won the Oscar for Best Actor. Looking at the competition of that year (Gregory Peck GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield's BODY AND SOUL, William Powell's LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think that Colman was a good option, with his usual comfort zone and he made the most demanding roles. <br /> <br /> I now realize that the reviewer hated this film from Shakespeare's hatred, that is, about half of the review talking about it. However, the movie is not about Shakespeare, and it does not matter if Shakespeare likes them. I am not a Shakespeare enthusiast, but I was amazed by the small parts of the play that Colman had rewritten, although, as I have already said, this is not really a movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it is a wonderful portrayal of an actor that loses itself and mixes with reality. It could have been anyone, even though "Othello" was a great opportunity because of the scene of the assassination that took place later in the film. <br /> <br /> In general, the screenwriter was a very clear film - a number of films Noir. Fortunately, the play was also wonderful, because Colman played a part in the right hand, Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (especially well). And considering that George Cukor was an excellent director, it is not surprising that a wonderful movie from the beginning to the end.
