A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mysticism among film buffs for two reasons: the actress plays such a role (here, Othello) in this role, in order to obtain a great mistake of this character and to enter her life; and that's what Ronald Colman wins the best Oscar nomination (as well as the Golden Globes). Let's first the second point. <br /> <br /> Anthony John Colman is his greatest role or even a signature? I have two doubts at all levels - but it is one of the best known roles. Ronald Colman, the most important part of his career, made honest men frequently in dangerous or unusual situations. The crime is Bulldog Drummond (a racist racist who has not been cleared in Goldwyn production). Raffles is a great cricket player and a bigger robber who is trying to get his best robbery to save him in honor of a friend. Robert Conway is kidnapped and brought to the earth by a great imperial political character, Shangri-La. Dick Heldar, after studying his masterpiece, is blind and useless after studying as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to the list. But here's not heroic. In fact, it is unconsciously evil, a person dies and almost kills two. It does not matter that he has mental illness, here his behavior is anti-social. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, Colman had to get Heldar, or Carton or Conway Oscar. roles The Academy has a long tradition of choosing the most common role-assigning roles for its main members. Colman's Anthony John has a good performance and at one point he is really terrifying. When Signe Hasso was alone at the top of a ladder, and at the base, they had an argument. He will not let him "Tony" say he will not see. He looked at him, his face hardened harder than he ever used, and said: "No, you do not!" He started to move towards the top, Hasso scared and entered into his room. He stops and leaves it. Actually, it's a real big point of its operation - much more than Hasso on stage or Edmond O'Brien or Shelley Winters. He showed a blind annoyance. At that moment (for me) Oscar was a performance. But that's just that moment. I'm glad I recognized the role, but I should get a reward for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> She does not develop Othello's Shakespearean role. Often, the dialogue box opens itself as an obligatory singing song (we wonder if it is due to Walter Hampden's training, probably the role he or she managed to handle). Today, the American actress "Othello" is considered white rather than white. This role played by Paul Robeson's role played a decisive role in this new tradition. Among the best known of the three films, Colman, Orson Welles, OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier, are in OTHELLO's theater. All three white actors played the role on their black face. My favorite three is Welles, which seems subtle. But seeing the fine version of Welles's movies also annoys me that Robeson does not play with his movie (like Jose Ferrer Iago). <br /> <br /> Now, can an actor respond to the first question by a role? I heard different things about this. Some actors have accepted the role of theater or movie theater at home. Others need to be a stimulating role so that they can affect a new cause of their life or life aspects. But, actually, I never heard that homage is the result of a role. It seems melodramatic, horny idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, in 1947 Cukor, Kanin and Gordon were not new ideas. In 1944, in the movie "B", THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, along with John Loder, used a similar plot on an actor who is a malignant type of "Jack the Ripper", and who begins the murderers that cause an accident. . It was the first movie of the 1930s, where Othello's actor turned his wife into jealous (the title MEN THERE IS NOT, but I'm not sure). But because of the name and route of Colman, under the direction of Cukor, BEAUTIFUL GIRL is when people think of it when they remember this plot idea. Although comedic (at last) in a section of CHEERS, Diane Chambers helps the former convict who can be a talented actress and OTHELLO put on a bar after seeing Sam Malone's kiss. Diane is only aware of the problem of the condemned former person's identity, and can not delay a long time of production (he wants to start a debate about play and symbolism). <br /> <br /> THE LIFESTYLE DIFFERENCE was first thrown, and Cukor's direction was always as sure. So, the movie is worth watching. But despite the fact that Colman was very interesting in his role, it was not his best job on the screen.
