I'm Swedish, and I've watched this movie, and it's been right. I've seen bad comments about this, but you should remember that there are many people who see this miniseries in the two parts around the world and not in the U.S. only. Remember that no-one has ever heard films made in the 60's and maybe it's not happening (murders). And even more ... finding the original movie can be difficult and, if so, people who do not like black films are always there. This will feel fresh and colorful and will find the public. It's been 12 years now, but I've seen it for the first time. I'll try to compare the first one to compare it, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Offered there is no Internet but for anybody in the world. Here it is, above all, part of America's crime history, and it was great in the US for 50-60 years: in the United States but in the rest of the world. Well, we were told a little while, but 40 years later, Europe will disappear due to time. We have had our own problems and crimes, so that someone would make a remake of the movie and it will not be a bad idea in some light again. A new generation can take part in this awesome story and it is also considered a short film for several years. It's about 50 years ago that it will make you feel more interested in events and it may fall asleep. Now I started and now I'm looking for a version of Robert Blake, it's not so bad ... right? This is my opinion. Some people do not agree, of course, but ... it's okay. Sometimes it will agree with remakes with old movies. The old ones are not good. Cinematographic techniques have been developed a lot and today's scenes can be realistic. It's always a question of money. So many good films were made "in good old days", but they also lacked money, bad directors, etc. Nowadays (fifty years afterwards) they have been redone and suddenly they see it. My friend got this box of classic horror films and s / f and I can not say I was surprised by the old names. Most of them are placed directly in the trash. They were so bad they were sitting there like zombies ... we could not move ... dead brain. I can not recommend it to anyone. Some of them have seen remakes and I remember ... but not the originals. They were terribly frightening. This is like the old story of what was best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think Roger Moore first sees confidence or liking ... Thank you and forgive me. my english, it's not so good. / Swedish Lars
