I thought this family movie was nice and nice, even though I am not a child. Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) relies on the concept of a high school girl in her high-rise apartment building, turning the elevator into a temporary machine, turning the key chain key from a blind scientist into an elevator lock. Learn how to control the machine (with daytime uncertainty). The movie is not a science fiction work. You have to banish the paradox of the usual instability associated with changing past travel times, that is, the past changed to avoid becoming a poorer 1881 Walker family, but the change means that the family never had financial problems, so Victoria would not have a problem with Susan's mother He has said about economic, which means that Susan did not have a reason for the first time! But, apart from that, there are nice touches to the story, such as the time spent inventing and installing the secret machine in the woman's apartment, the old lift panels, which do not require a locking mechanism that activates the feature. . As in many children's stories, we should think that a child does not have time to travel with information about a device with a parent or other adult, but it will hide the time traveler. <br /> <br /> Also, some interpretations of some staged scenes and adult actors have to be taken into account. (Toddlers (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) all were very persuaded in their sections.) In the 1300s, in a scene, American Americans looked at Susan and photographed. But it is not surprising that sudden appearance of a sudden appearance of this strange and feminine dress. They are responding, and taking the road to Susana. In the same scene, an American baby carries a baby, but, of course, it's a doll (when he peels off his skin and joins his head). <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, the original actor. He performed an antique reputation for television called "Thirty Something". At the other end, Michel Perron appointed the Superintendent of the Italian building (janitor), also Richard Jutras, who is a neighbor. (The name of the neighbors is Edward Ormondroyd, that is, the name of the author of the film-based novel.) I think these problems may be a blame for the director or the possible small budget. <br /> <p> Despite these errors, I recommend the movie for kids. In addition to the interesting story, it also has an educational value, which emphasizes the change in technology and social norms over 100 years.
