John Cassavetes's 1977 movie is Opening Night, because critics call it the work of a renowned artist. It's a great movie, in itself, and it's one of the best portraits of a central crisis ever filming. It's not a perfect movie, but about half an hour longer than two hours and twenty-four minutes, and Gena Rowlands, by the wife of Cassavetes, emphasizes the drunkenness of the protagonist Myrtle Gordon. We've been here for a long time. On the other hand, the masterpiece of Woody Allen, another woman, who was the star of Rowlands eleven years later, is a better portrait of an inner woman's conflict. However, Rowlands won the Best Actor Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait, and he deserved it. Often this movie written by Cassavetes is first and foremost compared to A Woman Under The Influence, but it is a false comparison. The character of Rowlands's film has been mentally disturbed from the outset, as well as the backs of the blue collar, which are featured in the film's film and Allen. This movie is the youngest of Myrtle, in the Allen film, a character similar to the past of his character. Many critics have taken the film as an alcoholic portrait, with the Myrtle head surrounded by envelopes, such as the director of the stage, who tells the opening night, "I've seen a lot of drunks in my time, but I've never seen them drunk". You are great! »But it's wrong, there's no problem for alcohol or burning in the chain. Everything is really destructive, and as far as Cassaveter's credit, as a storyteller, it is not possible to find out what is happening with Myrtle, and eventually he will not know. He has resolved something that has come to an end. This resolution, without a resolution, directly connects Cassavetes to the most daring European directors of the past, who felt comfortable to not show everything to the audience, and forcing the public to cling, even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> However, the film completely regains the effect of drunks or fever fading, so the spectator is once more involved with his drama dramatic. Regardless of whether Myrtle Gordon retrieves the peasants around the universe of the movie after leaving the viewer and each one, and as we have seen, the lid closes, it matters to everyone.
