The film John Cassavetes, watching Opening Night, reminded me that Quentin Tarantino had definitely referred to a conversation in the personal experience of being art or acting. For example, for example, a dog who went to live in a play that made reference to a play, did not end the life, but it could have caused it, and that would undoubtedly not have this experience on stage on stage, even if it was a light comedy . "Otherwise," he said, "what do I do?" When Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, goes through a scene that resembles a whole week or so, I did not think thinking about her words. That's more in the Cassavetes movie, of course, how the theater works around a theater actor, what emotion and human character characterizes and how they live when one lives (such as Myrtle Gordon). ) is a theater. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, after a performance, Myrtle is signing autographs and a fan named Nancy seeks her favorite star and tosses her heart to Myrtle. It's a bit small but it did not last in the car (with the rain). Then he can scared him, the girl beside the car struck another car in a car accident. He does not know for sure what happened, but the next day he finds out that the girl had hit her dead. Since then, this is surprising when he thinks he is out of the system. This initially shows in a small way, apparently, when he listens to a scene with his fellow actor (who plays Cassavetes) and seems to be disturbed, he is missing a depth of the character (the writer: "What is" Do you think the plays? "My hope," says Myrtle, "but then Nancy begins to appear to himself, that all Myrtleians have a real appearance, until they suddenly vanish. <br /> <br /> Like Cassavetes in the past movies, having emotions, feeling, feeling, or a lack of it, and something that affects the individual, this is not the new Rowlands challenge, because a woman had herself influenced by herself (in this case, for alcoholics), or even the other people of Ben Gazzara, the murder of a Chinese book. Actors in all scenes signify their essential character, Cassavetes does not say how to get from AB and does not need it. Sometimes it goes beyond grungy cameras There is a Cassavetes movie. You know that Myrtle, for example, should somehow have it, even if it's not in the plot. But it's true, and the lack of depth of his character and the tone of the play is not happy ("Aging, who sees it?" Asks the writer), and also affects his surroundings. <br /> <br /> The question is not very common. An ordinary playwright would create a conflict. 'Does the scene go forward? This is not important for Cassavet, even though there it is, will this question be? Perhaps as a hard job like "Second Woman", he could work out personal deities and adhere to reality (seeing Sara and attacking all the strangers), asks what happens? Or the play will not make any hope? Rowlands's deep and intense depth with his character, and hopefully does not mean that he is less painful than Woman Under the Influence, however, as good as this film, he is honest about being honest about a person in this profession, and as a result , other performances are true, directed by a subtle by Laura Johnson from Gaza. It's not easy to answer Cassavet's questions easily. <br /> <br /> One of the real emotions of the opening night, to see the great actors who play a strange script, is to watch Cassavetes theater show. he does. We see the play's performance, and it's apparently a real play and what we know a little bit. When we play actors of theater, we are taking part in the melodrama (relationships and issues, and occasionally slap and domestic violence) and actors' improvisation. I looked at how much improvised it was, how Cassavet's other actors began to look Myrtle on the scenes or, at the top, to make it in scenes that were completely broken. It also exists in the stage so they had to work in advance and what might have happened could happen. <br /> <br /> Your seat is fun, amazing, cooler. Things, some of the best stage plays in the movie, and actors in the play scene, with film actors, actors with the actor, blur together. The opening night is a powerful drama that speaks of death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people and really, what does it mean in the end, say "acting"?
