Once Pauline Kael suggested, never a fan of Cassavet was not the director, but as an actor. What Kael wanted to say was a sophistication as a filmmaker; To make this comparison more, for me, it never feels like Cassavetes directs the film, it feels Cassavetes penetrates into his creation, as Orson Welles. He is a genius such as Cassavetes Welles, but much more important as a true artist (unlike a technician or a rector). The Italian passion (Cassavetes, although it was really Greek) and is like cross between scandinavian introversion. They never have to endure inside the demons physically. <br /> <br /> It's a mystery to become, act out and perform. Skip like a bad drive on James, it's the echo of all the ghosts. Rowland's breaks, stunning and almost operative, are amazing at Cassavetes, and they are also accompanied by a simple and disturbing piano. Who is dead? The metaphysical choices are endless, and it's amazing to find such a thing in the Cassavetes movie, it's just a clear overview of the mind (although there is a different voice at the beginning). But then he was always intelligent, he could never turn it apart. This is not an "adaptation"; Here, reality and fiction and drama blend is not clear, to show inner insight and to show it. <br /> <br /> So much happens. Clean and cheerful Rowlands waves his door; fear, when he plays himself ... The scene that explains the art of the girl and the musician, is one of the most effective manifestations to understand the sense of being a fan of someone. You can see the roots of this being the "born of the star", and Almodovar borrowed "All my mothers". I think the end of the end is a bit unpleasant, but the training is almost overwhelming. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite the need of many scenes, is a relatively small point on the movie.) <br /> <br /> It's a living thing and a breath and it feels it is a process: it could go any way in any direction . Like "Cherry flavor," we must remember, "you should never forget that this is just theater." But it's dangerous: when Rowlands says that's it, is it a great drama? How will the audience take it? It is thoughtful or not Does it matter? His (Character) breaks down performances and eventually gets into the movie to make James Dean a woman's testimonial. 10/10
