Yesterday I went to the market of Ancient Fleas at the village. I'm not really interested in such things, but I went to a fellowship with a friend of interest. Looking at hundreds of vendors, many of them went fast, someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of your DVD movies were quite new; I noticed it was my amazing wife Cary Grant-Irene Dunne in 1940. But the VHS tapes, mostly because of their nature, were the oldest films. I could not answer in any way to buy SOMETHING, from the sale of 3 rims to $ 10.00. What a bargain, said Eddie Murphy. I found a movie that I heard for years, but I never saw it: John Cassavettes's OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, definitely, I wanted to be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I heard that this film had one of his greatest performances. FACES (1968) also had. I saw this thirty years ago, I surely did not have enough life to be able to understand. And I wanted to take advantage of the vault, so I also caught that. CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970) was my choice. <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to check out the work I wanted to do to get the NIGHT OPTION. This film absolutely fascinated me. Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands) is a famous theater and screen actress, as a non-public preview, with personal and professional problems as a subject of attitude and attitude towards aging. After a rehearsal, he cried out for a fan and an autograph dog, "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this car catches and kills a car. This starts with Myrtle's origins, because he has had to face the fears of his aging, the future of his career as a mature actress and the deficiencies he finds in the play (Joan Hidden Theater, by Joan Blondell). Throughout the movie he sees the dead girl, the clear symbol of his past; drink almost always; and receives his assistant (Ben Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), his costar (John Cassavettes himself) and theatrical help. Actually, their behavior will have an impact and they are concerned about their career: flubing lines, improvising new lines, staggering on the whole, and opening Broadway to get drunk. <br /> <br /> This story does not only work on the issues of aging, but it also promotes the discord of Cassavettes in films. When I saw the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, diverted, but eventually involved, entertained, and happy. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, was very interested in understanding what his audience meant and wanted to get involved in the story emotionally. ALL ARAU refers to EVE thanks to the playful theater, although the young girl is dressed in a little girl and the hat is like that of Anne Baxter at the beginning of her film. This expression, of course, protects the theme of aging, contrasting with older and younger women. Of course, Myrtle also uses the contrast that he uses as a symbol to face his lost child. At first, I thought symbolism was evident, but then I realized that it was the intention of Cassavettes. He does not want to understand what his audience is misunderstood about; If that were the case, it would hinder their emotional involvement. This young spectrum hates Myrtle, wants to attack and destroy it. Myrtle finally "kills him", but before he can really face plays and plays, he has to get to the bottom (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes can not walk and get drunk in the dressing room in the playground that opens on Broadway tonight. He resurrects himself (helping out of this situation is important in the subject of the film) and plays a great performance and change the direction of play, improvising and hoping for the spirit of hope. aging character playing. These scenes are fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands performed directly in front of live audiences, who did and did not know they would participate in a movie. The play acts as a contrast: it is the master and it works on itself, until Myrtle changes its imbalance. In this way, he also improves the work of his co-stars. Interaction (achieved through improvisation) between human beings and subjective realism and the natural evolution of the universal truth - these were the concerns of Casavettes' films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is very amazing. Of course, he has a great face, and Cassavettes (known in love with a wedding) treats us with many models, as well as his feelings and we know what happens inside of him. You care so much about this character, you want to see his work coming out of this soul crisis. And that's the time of your attention 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film thinks at all times and constantly needs attention, but anyone who is interested in good filmmaking and good performance. Another person is said to be a film for people who love cinema. All others have been warned. <br /> <br /> Search OPTION if you have never seen the night. All of them are superb and Cassavettes is one of the best films.
