*** outside **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is a type of film. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? Video in 1993, Brad Pitt is a serial killer, and some travelers have a "welcome" response to a friend on a California trip. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot, because before seeing them, the surprises are even cooler. That's how it was with California. When I first saw it last time, I never realized that it was a suspense film, so I learned that I was surprised and the movie progressed and improved, and it was so close that my seat, almost to the point of kissing me! So we're discussing Dressed To Kill, right? Before watching this movie (today!), I've seen two other Brian De Palma movies, so I've seen some works I do not know, but I can remotely mention these 2 movies. as great as possible. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I saw Carrie on TV, I was really disappointed to get a DVD copy and I can say: the movie is great! Mission: Not impossible too. And now I saw DePalma's third movie. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the movie continues, it's different than what you expected. It was very curious that the viewpoint, the scene of the museum, is that Dickinson keeps the mysterious man in his cabin and they end up together in the apartment room. You can guess what could have happened here. But when the film's lifebelt arrived, the movie went to another track. I was watching the rest of the movie and I liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some of the characters in the movie are silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man in the museum scene. I always wanted to say something, but never did! This was absolutely ridiculous and definitely something that made me think about this movie as almost masterpiece. The scene in the cabin, which Dickinson asks for forgiveness for what happened in the museum, is completely silent and escapes, they penetrate the cabin and start kissing others. You know, it reminded me of the 70's Mexican "El Chavo Del 8" series, where some characters were silent. Above the bass points of the movie, it's really a great movie, suspense, characters and plot. Dennis Franz is as good as Marino detective! They reminded me that Captain Carmine Lorenzo, Die Hard 2 (1990), was playing almost the same character. <br /> <br /> Well, at the end of the review, Dressed To Kill ends at the end of Carrie! I really do not know because they hate imitation! I understand that Carrie DePalma is a movie, so it's not an imitation because it was his idea! But Dressed To Kill's idea has become a matter of repetition, so DePalma should have Amy Irving asleep at the end of Carrie's stage so Amy Irving should be waking up at night. Certainly this is undoubtedly another low point. But if you overcome it, you will notice that Dressed To Kill is a good movie and I'm sure it's not a waste of time.
