When Dressed to Kill released it in 1980, he made the innocent act: "The girl policeman" was a mega-erotic role, as Angie Dicknson played a mistress sex shop at every time in search of all the wrong museums ( and Han is included in the apartment lifts), as well as Nancy Allen's little girl, Michael Caine, Norman Bates, as a sophisticated cousin of New York, and enough great pictures of the two films of that time. Today, standards and others are not so distinctive, even though it is reproduced, although it does not have the same version of any "hot" content from De Palma. The topics were repeatedly taken away by the Hitchcock classmates' films, and they expanded. It's a simple tale that has already been seen in Sisters, and then again in Body Double, and Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays a girl called Liz Blake. Kat (Dickinson, in MILF mode) needs to clear the name of Kate's dying suspicion. That is, Dr. Elliott's office. , stone and cold interpretation in most ways). <br/> <br /> <br /> From the beginning, De Palma seems to be a way to set Carrie as a fantastic sex-scenic scene as a way to complete Carrie's opening scene. (that is, it may only be in editing conditions), we activate a number of technical styles from the same point of view: the museum's monitoring plans, the process of achieving a greater fascination with the process. to pursue, and to desire, than any tension. During the subway, Chase (Carlito's Way) was a pioneer in harassment with a certain level of suspense, in addition to exploiting a little bit of black gangs; Peter, the character of Kate's son (Keith Gordon), plays De Palma in a real life younger version (obsessed with science geek, Hitchcock and voyeurism). And all this is entertaining and fascinating, as the hell of De Palma's tale is so special, something that is so noisy with no fear of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same self-consciousness in recent years, the whirlwind of the whirlwind director returned again, and in some way Dressed to Kill becomes very erratic and depressing as the story requires itself to be collected. As the issues of psyche seem even more apparent (a man who wants a sexual change, even though he does not believe that he is doing what he is dying), there is a scene in the curator that he has mentioned. The Hitch movie looks like an amazing psychological revelation. And the recent appearances of Peter's house, which remind everyone of the Carrie sequence much more, are also directed at De Palak's handling. The latest shoot, especially if you are a master class to copy yourself. However, it is very bad, and inside, the scene is perfect for the mental hospital, in the middle of this confusing mix, the doctor works as a nurse and works like a zoo like all other animals of the prisoners, and is over-ridden. The entire scene is filmed up and running for one of the best films of sex / general perversion filmed. <br /> <br /> It's a pity that the movie ends up in a stunning and disturbing way, until it's until. Then, it is a remarkable piece of film cinema, where the classes in the technical aspects (light lighting, camera intricate movements seem to be so simple) 25 about topics that can be found in the mix of literary senses. It's not a masterpiece, but I would surely take the majority of the director's thriller a day.
