In France, French critics are pleased with the seemingly cohesive film camera that Brian De Palma has left behind. However, a good proportion of his film "Carrie" (1976), "Fury" (1978), "Scarface" (1983), was the result of tremendous loans without mentioning his loans to Hitchcock. Here, inside of "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible to think of "Vertigo" (1958) because of the long sequence in the museum, but the most important moment in the elevator is inevitably thinking of the "Psycho" (1960) sequence of anthology. . About the film we have participated, I do not want to revive the old debate: Is it that of De Palma hitchcock? Instead, I was generous and classified as "Dressed to Kill" by De Palma "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976) in the category of winners of Palma. However, he has made reservations and the ones that have been listed in advance encourage the confrontation between angry fans of De Palma and his opponents. <br /> <br /> If there is a certain surety that generates a "Dressed to Kill" general consensus. Among cinematographic fans, the virtual reality of De Palmas is being directed. His camera is like an expert filmmaker. The sophisticated camera's work boosts the revival of the boom, the rise in voltage and the imbalance. The audience is easily stuck in front of the screen. This is when the silence of several sequences is long, everything depends on the appearance and gestures. By the way, "Psycho", long stretches were silent, suspensful ... <br /> <br /> <br /> But the main disadvantage of De Palma in the 1980's is that the plot quality can not be found. and it seems that weird and crisp ingredients are full of murder stories. Prostitute is the only witness of crime. He then suspects the police and must act on his own (with the help of the son of the victim, taking the scene on the subway) to prove the murderer and prove his innocence. In addition, De Palma uses a type of character, although not later, it is a menu that smells hot. And the filmmaker opens his movie as a result of a sequence. Yes, he is very shot, but when he knows the real function, a box indicates "it's almost free to fill". Perhaps De Palma has tried to extend more than an hour and a half at this time, the aggressors (even before) who is a murderer. <br /> <br /> Articulations of the two main themes of De Palma have been articulated. manipulation and voyeurism. The second subject is very well in "Dressed to Kill", in these first films, and this movie resembles a soft movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid of his main actor and wife Nancy Allen in her clothes movie. This topic seems to me to be doubtful. But maybe the first sequence was thought to be a mirror of the viewer and De Pala wanted to turn it to his forehead. <br /> <br /> I do not want to attack all De Palma's work. With a prestigious piece of directing, the film brings a mixed communication to the general weakness of the story and fits in doubtful aspects. Twenty-six years after, the debate that sparked up among the films is not ready.
