I finally saw a Groove Tube watching about 23 years ago when I was a teenager I went to bed with my bedtime watching HBO my brother and his best friend. We saw Animal House, two films with a SNL alumna, and the breasts were naked. It's good that our parents were sleeping all the time! In any case, this movie featured strange and funny things that were openers such as the Brown 25 series of commercial Uranus Industries ("cow-stewed"), announced by apparent human beings. white tube Ewww!) Or the puppet's face about VD (a sculpture with a small pencil attached to the eye). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made a feature film here. Chase horny is to make room for Gerona if a woman is cut off, have sex with her hands as a commercial "Let Fingers Do It", or sing "Four Leaf Clover," with Ken Shapiro's writer and director, banging his hands. With Belzer Shapirore in the movie "The Dealers" and in the group "Channel One Evening News", Belzer will be playing as a black prostitute for Ken Ready, Lionel with the tricks he plays here. "Lionel looks like a train, I'll be like a Choo-Choo!" Among the other curiosities, "The Coconut Show" was the show by Shipyard as a clown show and after leaving the "people over ten years old", the passion of "Fanny Hill" tells the reader! Or if they indicated that the segment of the Olympic Games was announced with a German couple, they would be explicitly "Please Stand By" on the screen when they announced that two men (one of them Spanish) were so fond of it! Or the animated segment of "The Dealers" Shapiro shows some common dancing after ingesting some marijuana. It's not so dirty. In addition to the song "Four Leaf Clover", there is finally a very entertaining musical segment with Ken, with his recording "You You Just Me", from time to time with the recording of "Just You, Just Me", dance and a suitcase. Lane Sarasohn is a writer. So, this summary is funny and funny, because other films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and perhaps Night Night Live (Chevy's first star). Dated items can also be enjoyed today. PD Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" listening to the likes of gorillas started during the dance / cycling sequence. I asked what was the murderer and who received the woman, starting from the car and cutting it off. He runs, and then the naked man has to be caught by the policeman who is on the way. Hit one of those 70's stripes ...
