"Winchester '73 marked one of Western series related to director James Stewart and Anthony Mann. In most of them Stewart's heroine has a loyal force with a threat that will explode at any moment. The title mentions a "one thousand" rifle to compete for a compete against a rifle. Dodge City, July 4, 1876. Inside the town, Lin McAdam (Stewart) and his second high school High Spade (Millard Mitchell) are Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) in the Dutch career towards a wonderful act. Marshal Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) came to see Marshal Marshal out of the town of Lola (Shelley Winters). It turns out that Dutch Henry also shoots in the rifle. They won Lin and Dutch Henry for the good price won by Lin, but Henry Henry escapes and escapes. Steve Miller (Charles Drake) was in a cavalry camp in the US, waiting for the attack of Bulls Bull (Rock Hudson), who would kill the gunsmith John McIntyre with a precious rifle. He got the weapon of Dutch Henry's cheating at the pokéan. Bull Bull attacks his death and passes the gun to Steve. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, in the Lola and Steve ranch, Waco meets Johnny Dean (Dan Duryea), a well-known pistol, and dying Steve and a generous rifle and Lola himself. When Dean comes to Holland, he later lets him "kill" his "gun" later. In the town of Tuscosa, Lin dies to Dean, as Henry Henry intends to keep the bank and escapes escaping from Lin Hill. In one of the best recent last-time shootings, both appear in the final appearing. <br /> <br /> This movie was considered one of only one of Stewart / Mann's collaborations on the B & W. It is beautifully photographed, especially in the "broad spaces" scene and, in particular, the final show. Playing against Stewart, a powerful hero retaliated on the edge of vengeance, would bring thrill to future movies with Mann. recruited day players. Before that, JC Flippen appears as a sergeant of cavalry, Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette and Chuck Roberson, Ray Teal Duryea, Tony Curtis and James Best as new soldiers and Edmund Cobb sheriff. Yowlachie and John War Eagle heads in various roles in Dodge City sequences. <br /> <br /> Western classics in every sense of the word. Stewart was in charge of recreating the action as a star.
