It's the westernmost of all time! But this, unlike many others, has no nature, horses, shootings, etc. Do not deal with Winchester '73 rifle, and how the rifle affects and how it affects others. A rifle is not a living man, is breathing, is not it? It may not be a fault. But he seems to have an intelligent mind, for two very similar reasons: he eventually returns to the owner, although during the rest of the image, they make the best efforts of all their "owners". It does not mean that, and never wait until the content reaches the original owner, so unexpectedly the "owners" think they always lose their minds or kill them and try to keep them and keep them until they return to James. Stewart, then, is "content". But the owner is not worth it. Stewart, of course, had won. McNally is not because he must be dirty and steal. Drake will definitely miss a poker game, and Drake is a cowardly fighter, so why should he have a rifle, even if he does not use it? Duryea is not because he's just guilty of guilt, and we all know that rumble maniacs are not worth guns. This film has something similar to Westerns, such as the Ox-Bow Incident. Western mountains have their own black type, that is, the Bogart movies of the 30s and 40s. It's the best of all five of the five westernmost mountain ranges in Stewart-Mann, though it's my favorite "river bend". The other four were very different. I do not think that coincidence is another four colors, which is black and white. This is because of the black edge. When the five films played for Stewart, they retaliated for dark vengeance and revenge, this is not only the dark side of Stewart, but a bit of a character, that is, the list of credits, but that's just it. You only know and know that this is always there. However, this, only the dark revenge and announcements, but also the highest risk, and Stewart, a very different character, exceed four more in every aspect. But Stewart never crosses the line. However, the route walks between the dark and the dark. That's why black and white films took part. They could be black or white or all colors could be. But this is black and white, and there are four other colors, which is why there is a good reason.
