In 1942 TALES OF MANHATTAN, a film, told mostly stories that had nothing to do with it, but they linked them to men's clothes. Each story started when each story came from one of the owners (Charles Boyer, for example), from another one (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a top movie, and a brilliant West, has a similar drawing. Initially, Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon. But during the movie, both men enter the shooting competition, being one of the new Winchester rifles (by Will Marsher, Wyatt Earp). Stewart does not overtake MacMahon, but Stewart steals the gun and goes after it. <br /> <br /> The gun manually goes hand in hand, such as John McIntyre (a proud trader who does not know when he stays out of arrogance), Rock Hudson (in a stunning role - and short, with Charles Drake, Dan Duryea (Wacker Johnny Dean was delighted to be deadly and psychotic), MacMahon, who finally returns to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is directed by Anthony Mann, who has many experiences: Duryea is a Drake- (Duryea strikes the problem), but MacMahon loses, faster than the draw, - Duryea is not stupid enough to deal with the rifle, while Shelley Winter looks at MacMahon as far as Winter- (when Duryea Drake's old boyfriend was killed) he unleashed a moment for the gunman's harassment against MacMahon's harassment. Philosophically, Dury said he can wait. Some options will appear later (MacMahon makes sure unite and destroy the rifle). <br /> <br /> The characters are incredibly human. Winters Drake's future wife appears, but he sees the negative side, an undeniable one. Drake is aware of this misfortune, which helps him to destroy. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.C. Flippen, as a sergeant in the army, with an Indian attack by Indian Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with Flippen Flippen's soldier - Tony Curtis. Flippen thinks that this soldier was probably in nearly one hundred battles. Steward showed emotions in other films. A LITTLE BACK, sometimes irritated, and even a nervous breakdown, when he thought everything was wrong with his life. But here he showed a demonic anger - when Duryea was shocked at how he was damned (usually he should be angry). <br /> <br /> The parts of this film are very well suited together, according to the powers of Mann. It's the western one that never sees, because the viewers see the trips of a Winchester rifle.
