The western enthusiasts who flourished in the 1950s try to make the movie that started the syndrome according to their origin. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawks's Red River (1948) or John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946) movie, but if we want to continue with that single decade, it must be two movies. At that time it was made in the first year. One is "The Gunfighter", a great story by the famous gunman Runson in his recent shooting. One of those years is "Winchester 73", and it is worth pointing out by Millard Mitchell as a real-life pilot. In Gunfighter, the local authority was expected to detain Ringo, but once he ran into an unlawful group. In Winchester, with Stewart's Hamlet, this epic / tragic story was Jimmy Stewart's assistant. The plot is pretty simple: Stewart's lonely solitaire won a brilliant Winchester in a shooting game, the worst man in the west (Stephen McNally), his brother actually and his father's death. When he steals his brother's gun, Stewart and Mitchell follow the boy behind a cowboy's odyssey, which leads him across the boundary, with two illegal immigrants and Indians. (In a splendid pinch, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis play Indian lead and US cavalry soldier - during a well-done battle, Dan Duryea stole the show, illegally as head, as Shelly Winters gained weight First of all, there is a dreadful lady who joins together all the land. Today, filmmakers will last about four hours on the screen to bring such an ambitious idea, but Anthony Mann is very economical, a little while, without losing a minute. Masterson and Wyatt Earp (Will Geer's terrific interpretation) western appearances make short appearances, adding historicity and epic character, on top of rock hangers, mythical western myths today. Stewart, despite its western western side, is worthy of being Stry Rides again eleven years ago, but he's doing the first role in the West They were thrown into this version of the comedy because it was wrong for Western.
