It's an adjective I've heard when I speak of "addictive" TV shows. Lately, Lost, Heroes and Prison Break drama performances have been described. However, they can be as compelling (and they really are) a few days before I can see them in the next section of the series, although some Prison Break named "24 new". With great respect, it can not be such a thing and it's a good reason: there's no other thriller on the silver screen based on real-time structure. This differentiates 24 from any of the other shows and that's why I have to watch almost a whole season (DVD) seven days or less: when frickin 'clock is ticking, it's impossible to adjust. <br /> Events during a single day were NYPD Blue (and, recently, Deadwood) trademarks; a new series having a whole season in the last 24 hours, one per period (real duration 41 minutes, the remaining 19 ads in television ads); It was the most innovative idea on television since Hill Street. Blues has introduced a non-linear story (now a mandatory element). <br /> <br /> Yes, it really paid. <br /> <br /> Ironically enough, the original plan of the series was around a wedding (fortunately, the creator Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was appropriate for the thriller of conspiracy.), surely, the first gesture of the hero suggests a lively atmosphere: He is very calm and looks like Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and a minute later. Teri (Leslie Hope), with his wife who has reconciled with her. Like Sopranos, there's something horrible in the corner: Kim pulls out of his room and Jack picks up phone calls right away. Midnight? I am therefore afraid: Bauer is the agent of the CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) and has gained credible information about his success with David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), a successful African American presidential candidate in Los Angeles. Angeles for the whole day (oh well, I almost forgot: events take place on the first day of California Primary Education). Not taking time, Jack needs to work on the next 24 hours. Unfortunately, it is a tendency to reject the protocol, which is not well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), who was required to interfere with this division operation with slimy men. <br /> <br /> It's a very intense plot for those who care for the show so hard, but anyone who wants to take a look at it will be immediately rewarded: it's a sharp and detailed writing that does not go far beyond the details and the suspense is steady , especially by the deception that significantly improves adrenaline levels. <br /> <br /> Another great feature of this pilot is the characterization: they present just about most genre shows (science fiction and thrill). After the key players are defined afterwards (a textbook example is CSI, where the character development is small, but once again it matches the style of the show); The 24-year series debut offers 24 full-length people, including Jack. (The best role of Sutherland ever!) And Palmer (the true revelation of the show) has been described dramatically after a single episode (first distributed between work and family, brave but human, secondly honored and fully equipped). Some sections of the stereotype are moving (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors must be considered: a) this is the first part; b) In most audiences there are not so many "mistakes" one or two complaining about. After all, how many network programs are managed with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a big explosion ... and still a nice piece of material for the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
