Among the comments in front of me, I mostly agree with Edyarb. It has been a fun and funny storytelling and script, but it has not been managed in some places, it has failed in other places. They watched a joke, but the audience did not laugh at anyone. (Also, agree on Edyarb's final credits view: leave normal or cool, but they do not have what they did now.) <br /> <br /> Ok, it really felt the negative one that actually looks at the movie. I liked it; Entertainment has been enjoyable for one night and, definitely, it does not feel like losing money for the card. The best jokes are expected to make a little while away, and they're quite grown-up, Luke Matt's character Luke Matthew's super-chick "P * nis or bed?" Asking When he said "would get another one" after a wild night in bed, breaking the bed and leaving Matt pain. <br /> <br /> I can not agree with bgs1614, who says that the movie could have earned "R" - there was no need to justify the movie. Sexual actions, however, do not have anything explicit, humorous or nondescript. (Perhaps he showed more in a prevention ...?) I would like to compare this with the latest films, without seeing any hope: Superman returns and clicks. I did not expect any hope. I was a great fan of the original Superman movie and I only clicked on the trailer as a chauvinistic film (I would not like it). Superman shocked me, I feel well (goosebumps!) For watching his heroic first act, seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy like that. But the other girlfriend of the story, Super Super Ex, I prefer to offer at least some surprises. Click again TOTAL is a surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes to really be a great movie. In addition to joking, they are much better than the girlfriend, both evil and later. <br /> <br /> However, the only reason I have compared these three films is that they are the last three ones. I saw it in a very short time, and even went to all of them, almost without hope. I clicked on it, Girlfriend, Superman.
