This was a great concept in paper: the average bounce is a strict curator of the museum, which is really a superhero that saves the world. However, the director Ivan Reitman and Don Payne ("Simpson") calculate almost completely fatally his hero G-Girl (Uma Thurman striking). He has taken on this film with Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after being saved by G-Girl Statue of Liberty. Jenny's curiously asks Matt about what G-Girl is. Matt replied: "Is Nutty Kind?" I think that Jenny (Thurman) will be a lonely little girl in her whole life. Thurman does everything he can, but with his Jenny Prozac there is a great need. Luke Wilson is a boyfriend and superhero girlfriend. <br /> <br /> "My girlfriend" is the victim of the victim at the end of "Superman Returns". What he plays directly to the superhero, so to speak. With all his traces and misunderstandings, "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was fun and I enjoyed the movie. For Ivan Reitman, this movie can be a lot better. Reitman begins with great pride and really expels. First of all, we love the heroine. Here is not Jenny nor G-Girl really nice. That's amazing Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. At first Jenny / G-Girl is strange. Shocking If there is a woman who can play superheroes, Thurman is great. In the end, Jenny has only become more sympathetic instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is a superhero live story, it's not just a romantic comedy, but superhero mythology does not give a superlady. Here we are Professor Bedlam, Barry (Eddie Izzard), really bad. Lex Luthor is not. Global is not a planning plan. Barlam Baius Barry recalls G-Girl, and is expected to be shared with the past. What's strange you do not know who you want more time? Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson binds a "psychic" superhero psychologist. One of the most annoying things he has done is relying on Vaughn's loose lossy friend (Rainn Wilson looks like a template). Wilson sometimes plays it a bit too dense, which dilutes like his charm. However, this works in a scene of Jenny's sex comics. While Matt plays Jenny / G-Girl, he is in love with her partner Hannah (perky Anna Faris). So what's wrong with Matt G-Girl? Well, it's not nice and most ridiculous. <br /> <br /> She performs a dramatic superhero movie. Romantic Comedic Comedies Particularly difficult may be hidden as a superhero romantic comedy. Everyone loves the hero. However, hero's nut work? Maybe not. Uma Thurman's talents can not be convinced of this. And it does not have enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to overcome their narrative errors. "My Super Girlfriend" is fun and fun. Despite all the participants, the movie was perfect.
