Everything starts with a suicide. Is it a car accident? I think it's all about deciding whether or not to start everything from the beginning or end. The director Gabriele Muccino allows you to write your new seven-pound cinematography, while the ending is at the end of the year and the beginning of the event, shows the trajectory of events that led us to this astonishing 911 call. This is a great movie; Maybe I'm softy because I'm full of dramatic moments, heavy moments and drowsy drops, but in a way, the movie works better when it really touches me when it's in the back. After leaving the theater, in the afternoon. And that is, happiness, not salvation, and not everything that has brought us back from the team that has brought us the challenge. That is why I would say that my forecast was well-taken care of. However, I started with seven kilos in the initial frame until all the credits were discarded. Although you're imagining what Will Smith's character is doing, the secret mission you're trying to accomplish, it's a great way to let you smiles a smile full of brilliance. > <br /> It is a point of underestimating our entry points, and trying not to understand what happens when we're not there. Smith's Thomas has names, people we do not know, and who seems to follow and try to inspect. Working with IRS allows you to see the lifestyle of these strangers, give them a gift that deserves a gift to change their situation completely. She calls her an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds her what to do, secondly to not think about her decision, because she does not change her mind. In Pepper's role you can not even feel pain in the background, hanging over everyone's head. It is its nature, which can be seen three times, the level of emotion that is really to be dealt with. If their breakdowns, tear marks, or convulsions with the head are shown, they show that the connection with both men is through time test and any event. <br /> <br /> After that phone, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is, in some ways, relieving the financial problems of the deadly disease, albeit with a heavy burden on medical bills and survival. This progress takes many turns, to find out if it can explode the explosion of "blind, vegetarian, and meat"; Two stages patients with heart disease, can not print their station, or even print with their Dane Great Duke; There were two bad-looking and frightening Latin men who had been mistreated to leave the boyfriend; a young hockey coach, that is, believing that a young community is forbidden; A boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who are hoping for the hope and hope they live with pain and futile futures, and they are trying to buy each day, and there are those that are trying to fall and those that need to spend their money. in style. Why is it that Thomas is blossoming and his "gifts" are not known at first, so he lives as a man, an aeronautic engineer, with a beautiful wife watched over by a flashback and a large beach. Drive a car that is immersed in a motel, to go to the IRS door. As he has said, "he stumbled on the job." Smith's evolution Tomas is long and painful, plagued with clarity and mercy. As a means of helping, he takes his job seriously, crossing people without crosswords, and believes he deserves what he desires. That means he has to cry and laugh, he must do it. In each step, however, you see suffering in your eyes, it takes away pain from the soul, taking each step on its path as a saint of salvation, not only helping but also for itself. . The prize is worth it and Smith's plays would be more in vain instead of the best summer acts of this kind. In fact, despite being funny, this guy is very good for them. The man won an Oscar before he made it, or at least he was not a headache. <br /> <br /> The other sketch is a very bright star. Woody Harrelson as a blind seller, shaking is a perfect life with joy. His shy smile goes through the belief of mankind, whether he cries out on the phone, he sits down in a diner, eats his cake, or plays on the park's piano, all that hears. Elpidia Carrillo, because she is a poorer mother, is a great development, a terrific and terrifying stranger, who has completely overcome the welfare of a stranger so that her family can finally be safe. Rosario Dawson's "once hot" is as bright as a young woman, who breaks down and breaks the length of the hospital, but has lost his life to find love and happiness. Smith's Thomas opens her eyes to make her a new woman, a sexual freedom creature, which she can not live without fear of the last day.
