Seven pounds, that is, I think Will Smith really "cries out" to be convinced by the movie. A thing that I gave a ton of credit, the man can weep. The only thing that is so emotional as the story is, Will Smith has demonstrated it as it can, so why does this depressing story take on? However, the movie is still good. I must admit I must cry, but I stressed that performance was Rosario Dawson. I love this girl very much, since I saw Ed Norton 25 hours a day, I knew that this girl would go away. It's beautiful, charming, fun and talented, it can not wait for how much it will take. Yes, and Will Smithe, they were so sure they did not have a movie if they had a great chemistry that could be a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car accident. he used with his mobile phone; seven people were killed: six unknown and their daughters. A year after the crash, and as an aeronautic engineer, Tim virus lobe gives his brother, Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he gave part of his liver to a child care service called Holly. Next, start looking for more candidates to receive donations. George finds a junior hockey coach and gave her a kidney and then donates a bone marrow donation to a boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before starting to die, he knows Holly and knows who deserves help. Connie Tepos suggests she lives with a boyfriend. Tim pulled out of the house and moved into a local motel to take his own jellyfish. One night, after beaten, Connie contacts Tim and gives her home-made keys and deeds at her beach. She takes two children and goes to her house. He steals his brother's credentials and is known as the brother of Ben, and examines his last two donations. First is Ezra Turner, a blind-selling vegetarian meat-maker who plays piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and works to speed his anger. Ezra is relaxed and Tim decides it's worth it. Then, Emily Posa, self-employed cards and a rare printer with rare blood types. He spends time with him, shreds his garden and fixes his strange Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with him and decides that his condition has deteriorated when he needs to make his donation. <br /> <br /> It's a good seven-kilogram movie and it's definitely worth a look, I'd recommend it. rent with theater Will Smith gets a good performance, but not quite, most of the movie was crying in every scene, but it's the end of it. But at the end I loved it, it was beautiful and it really gave you life and not given it. In this world there is still good people and reminds us of Ben's life, without recall or need. Although it was a long way off, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
