Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a CIA murderer. In Turaquistan, the United States will go to a "liberated" country and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. For this reason, Tamerlan's "conjoint" conglomerate of Americans does not come across Shariff, a petroleum man in a neighboring state, who destroys his Turkish-Iraqi transport. But, once there, Brand has difficulties. First, she meets Natalie (Marisa Tomei) with a specific journalist, who wants to tell America's citizens a "real" story about the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlan. But Branda is terrified that Natali's pretty face and sharp mind promptly and unconsciously drives attention to her job. Also, at the fair, the pope singer, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who invites her cover, will marry at the meeting. It's a young diva, whose wedding arrangement will bring Brand's attention to future slaughter. With other basic implications and complications, Brand's role will be able to play Tamerlan's BIG boss, former vice president of Dan Ackroyd, with joy? Good to you, John Cusack, if you want to make this movie, it does not even keep you together. Shot in Serbian, what looks like today's Iraq. A country is diarrhea. In an incredibly bright area, here the green area is called "Emerald City", and thus, it tries to stay in this neighborhood like Oz to keep up with the destruction of war in other parts of the metropolis. Cast is very well, Cusack works well and protects Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others. Duff, especially, makes an excellent turn-by-turn high-accentuated, hard-earned, writer's mouth. Baghdad's wicked warriors are so real, because clothing and other production values ​​are high. As regards the script, it is not always cohesive, but it certainly has dramatic dialogues and scenes. For example, a young boy from Turaqui, Brand, wants to offer an enemy hiding spot, exchanging money and sweets. The brand produces money, but because it does not have sweets, the boy smokes his vehicle. Brilliant! Then the direction is not quite successful, but it is not often delayed. No, if you have reasonable conservation, you will not like the movie. But if you want to see a satirical vision of "war on terror", the show is pretty good. That is why, if you want to make an effort, you'll see that filmmakers who decide to make movies from "old-fashioned" films in old-fashioned movies.
