On July 4, this weekend, "War, Inc." In the film, we feel the spirit of Independence Expression alive. As the founding father gave George III a collective hand, this film shows ridiculous fashion with the intention of privatizing capital of the capitalist capitalist capitalist who intends to privatize the war itself. <br /> <br /> The shades of satire shine brightly. John Cusack is a wonderful corporate killer, and Marisa Tomei is superb for her love. (My repentance, "George Costanza." Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But John Cusch's sister Joan steals the movie. His personal assistant, at the same time sycophantic, has a price that is not priceless and I could not stop laughing more than once before the brightness of his performance. Not only a wonderful comic season, but the face is as significant as the actor wants. Dan Ackroyd also has a short film, but it is very effective as the head of the company running Tamerlan Corporation. Sitting on the "throne", putting trousers around the ankles, Ackroyd today seems to be one of the true thrones of power. You do not have to think too much about recognizing that person. A large part of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, so we are able to see such a real military equipment. (You know the US military would never have to collaborate to make a satirical exploitation of the war). Indeed, I liked the character "Omar Sharif" when the actress Bulub Lyubomir Neikov played. In a scene on the dance floor Marisa Tomei, she has a couple of lines that could summarize all the foreign affairs of the foreign directors we install and uninstall it. <br /> <br /> Of course this movie will not be liked by everyone. Do you think the privatization of our foreign policy, the military, intelligence gathering, analysis, detention and correction, public health and many other government services might not like you? this movie However, if you think that destroying people and some countries is an innocuous addition to some of the corporations, I think you'll appreciate it in this movie a lot. Nothing would have resulted in the well-deserved rumors of supposed alleged corruption that could coincide with the Independence of the Spirit.
