Deanna Durbin, after 14 years and an agreement with MGM, made a short film in 1936 and together with Judy Garland was one year younger. Louis B. Mayer decided that two competing singers did not need to, he made Garland's wits and went to Durbin. Universal immediately signed Durbin, started with Three Smart Girls and rewritten the script to pump his part. It does the last invoice, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights of the same name. Universal was convinced that Durbin was unexpected and had a reason. Three Smart Girls is a smaller music comedy, and Durbin, at the age of 15, is absolutely upset. It's Penny Craig, and his older sister, Joan and Kay, decide to father him, divorced with his mother, to save him from the clutches of an elegant mother. They live in Switzerland, where they live, in New York, where their father lives. They intend to break their father's marriage, but join their mother with their father, after ten years, still loved. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing one or two songs in a warm and tasty soprano? Laguia. Is it doubtful that the girls will be successful? To find love and marriage material with Kay and Joan? No, again. A few years later, Durbin said he could not continue playing with Miss Fixit forever. Reason was, of course, but Three Smart Girls, in his first feature, has little Miss Fixit. Durbin is fun, determined, useful, energetic and, in general, natural. His personality is so authentic this comedy: farce, confusion, good intentions and greed. <br /> <br /> Durbin makes the movie easy. It is very funny that Binnie Barnes, like Donna Lyon, had a granddaughter with Penny's father, a woman with Charles Winninger, who was not stealing the scene. When Alice Brady, when he played the matrix of My Man Godfrey, plays Donna Lyons's mother, as gold is more powerful than her daughter. Ray Milland, Lord Michael Stuart, is Ray Milland, who is mistaken for a mischievous and fun mix with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three teens' guys are a habit and a mixture of humorous and fun comedies. So Deanna Durbin is a new star, with great success with Universal rabbits.
