"Twelve Monkey" is odd and disturbing, at the same time being so clear and intelligent. A trace between the future and the past, and the story is telling a story about a man named James Cole, who is sent to the past to collect information about a human-produced virus that has killed millions of 5 million people. In 1996, back to the planet. He initially sent Cole to the 1990s accidentally and unfortunately brought him to a mental institution that tries to explain his purpose and tries to get to know a psychiatrist who helps Dr. Kathryn Railly. A patient named him and Jeffrey Goines, insane son of renowned scientist. Being sensible and somehow sensitive, guarding madness and madness, and among them, the film is a true masterpiece in science-fiction film history. <br /> <br /> It's a wonderful story. It's so original and fun. The script written by David and Janet Peoples is a movie called "La Jetée" (1962), but I have not seen it, but I should like to thank Chris Marker's director and writer for his inspiration. "Twelve Monkeys" writers. I read a little about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but the idea is the same, so this is not a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples updated this source of inspiration to a modernized story, which implies the need to find a solution to people's existence, and thus, in a beautiful and realistic way, guarantees the emotional path. from beginning to end. The curious and funny music used in the movie until it's not really fit, and when you realize it's so passionate, it's made up of Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, what Monty Python thinks, when the film's director was a real surprise to me, I never thought I was a person's director. I know he has directed films before, but I can not believe that something could be excellent. It should not be a surprise, as it does a wonderful job. As in Python, you can still see the same thing, but correcting it for me is quite perfect, even though the extravagant way of describing things makes the scenes extremely embarrassing. Yes, it is very strange, curious, curious and disturbing, so it makes the movie a bit too heavy; so that the weak viewers will be difficult to watch the movie throughout the entire course. It's not as heavy as you can imagine, but there are certain things, sometimes because their own goals are occasionally serious. However, the film preserves its pure mind and the flashback, dreams, jumble between the past and the future confuses the story very quickly and does not interfere in any way. it requires ultimate audience concentration. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with the play, well, the movie is not wrong. James Cole's role is played by adventurous Bruce Willis, who probably does his best roulette so far. Now people are disagreeing with me, for example, "The Sixth Sense" has done a great job, but for me the role of James Cole was very good for Willis and it works well. The character is very well written, but still better. Cole begins to question his existence and he practices, beginning to question his life, to try to survive and find the key pieces of the puzzle. He starts questioning whether he begins to lose faith because of the difficulty, whether he is confident or believing it. Other featured films are Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt's performances. Stow, Kathryn Railly, plays a psychiatrist by James Cole, who decides to help Cole know something strange and help her madness. In any case, he believes in the story of Cole, but the believer in science tries to find solutions and strives to deal with the unbelievable things. Brad Pitt is so good that Jeffrey Goines plays, and so far he does one of his best roles. He was nominated for an Academy Award nomination for this hilarious and hilarious character. That's why I do not exaggerate the wonderful performance that makes my head. <br /> <br /> All "Twelve monkeys" is an excellent science fiction experience and will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction lovers. The fascinating characters and the protagonists, especially with Willis and Pitt, have a story that is original and funny, which makes up a plot that is so intelligent and clear. In any case, the curiosity and curiosity mentioned above makes the viewer's attention attractive and fun. Also, the thriller is an explosive and that's why it also has love, so it's the same package and it's one of the best science fiction films ever seen. With Terry Gilliamen's superb and incredible vision, he stays in balance with rigid but somewhat steady walks. It's hard to really explain it, but that's right, it's awakened.
