I usually avoid the sci-fi movies as much as possible, which is not the genre that really likes me. Clear lights, UFOs, foreigners, traveling time ... it's mostly nothing for me. However, I always have a movie in the genre that I will give a place in my top movie list, and I remember that this "Twelve Monkey" was first played for the first time, but even now, after having seen it several times now, one of its greatest fans I am. Every time I see it, it seems that the movie is better and better. <br /> <br /> In a distant future, people live underground, in 1996, five million percent of the unknown and deadly percent disappeared in 1996. The population is James Cole. He is a prisoner living in a small cage and who is chosen as a "volunteer" to collect information on the origin of the epidemic. It is believed by a mysterious group called "Twelve Monkeys" and it needs the virus before scientists can mutate. But the time of his vehicles does not work well and he will send it unexpectedly in 1990. There, he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, psychiatrist and Jeffrey Goines, insane son of renowned scientist and expert virus ... <br /> <br /> I like this movie a lot, it's never clear and what you see is what you see real whether it be Is this just illusion in the head of a sick head or is it real? Has it really come from the future and has it really traveled in time? A virus released by the Twelve Monkeys Army actually eliminated the population? These are the questions you ask from the beginning to the end. If the director of the film would like to make clear, I'm sure I would not like it any way I like it now. It's just that mysterious thing that interests me every now and then. But this is not, of course, the only thing about this movie. The play is amazing. I'm not usually a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did was amazing in this movie. With Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he would have won many awards, together with the amazing story, because the film worked so well. <br /> <br /> Although I have several views, I am still a fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I just saw another Terry Gilliam movie, which is "Las Vegas and Fear and Loathing", this is not a bad thing, but it did not really make me convince. However, this movie is waiting for his other work. I give 9/10 maybe 9.5 / 10.
