Terry Gilliam and David Peoples were created to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 90s. Did people show the scriptures of great enthusiasm and timeless ideas of time? I especially love that idea that can not be changed in the past; What is the temporary movie that tells you so much is a good counterpoint? the biological poem and the fine line between fear and madness. Gilliam's ideas showed visibility, perfection, and originality. <br /> <br /> The story is the same: a man James Cole (interpreted by Bruce Willis with a heart-shaped interpretation) travels to the past for several decades, recovering information about a virus that has been deleted by humans and surviving survivors only underground: It will gather information that scientists seek a cure in the future for all of us to return to the surface. But since their journey time is the perfect technology, it sends them to other passages and makes things difficult. That's why a fictional thriller with a fictional film is created with black hues in the film, so that the huge pieces of a giant puzzle have begun to fit together, right-wing animators, millennial paranoia, biological weapons, perception of reality. definition of the mind With this complex movie, it has been easy to create a mess of Gilliam and Peoples, but Twelve Monkeys is a narrative that tries to challenge and love the likes and patience. <br /> <br /> I saw this film about 10 years ago. It has been a lot to me: I recall that they still think in the following days; In my head, it seemed to me quite exciting and it was one of the first films that I considered to be the first and most important film. A few days ago I saw the movie again on the DVD, and I remembered it better than that. Brad Pitt still puts on every scene in Jeffrey Goines's play. In the Fight Club almost all of Tyler Durden's character? A wealthy, anarchist / non-conformist child who is also ill and Cole, perhaps the head of the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole are the best of the movie; Pitt's eyes, voice and curious ways have been convinced that a logic that understands a logical logic is blocked. He deserved the Oscar for Pitten! Bruce Willis's performance was amazing: I did not remember it, but it's beautiful and sensitivity; He plays a man who has spent most of his life underground, and when he arrives to the past, you will share the fascination of childhood to share with the fresh air of the morning or something as simple as the sun rises. Cole is an ambiguous character, she tried to dodge the darkness of the people in her, and she worries other things for herself and herself: a scene that removes her teeth shows how far dementia is not controlled. Ironically, Cole did not start as a horrible star, but when he begins to point out the whole world, he thinks he is stupid and convinced, until he reaches the spot that does not distinguish the future of the past. reality of fiction Willis seems to confuse a lot of time and it does not seem right and it works perfectly. One of the fun atmospheres of narration, Dr. Kole Kathryn Railly, is one of the undoubted proof of true future, and now he has to convince his world to save his world again. This script is full of curious twists like this and keeps the movie fast. Their relationship has been well-established, even if it may take a while to be compressed. But I liked Cole and Railly to fall in love and flee to the future authorities, to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end up in an atmosphere of a tragic / salty climax of an airport, which collects all the pieces, because they exclude a lot of minds. <br /> <br /> Two long movies are endless, it's a twist in that sense. Se7en or the Fight Club, and they are more intimate when Railly goes to the side of Cole and is shot and someone walks around James Cole a younger man, witnessing his future self-murder; Both share a brief look and smile at him. The card is excellent, but I prefer it under the influence of emotions. Madeleine Stowe was very good at playing with Dr. Railly, it brought me a lot of emotion in my performance. The film has a sense of fatalism that can not be changed with the idea of ​​the past: this film shows a terrifying way. In that regard, I remember Chinatown. Jake Gittes helps her. Railly shares the fatalism, the more he tries to help Cole? First of all, he dealt with his "madness" in his role. The more they play the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The card ends with hope, but the role of Cole is not in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a fun movie if you want to be entertained; It is not an art, even though many artists are more than artistic films. It is a modest movie, where all the elements, music editing costume design, etc., were beautifully produced to produce the main masterly film.
