The stories about post-apocalyptic future have long been moving since science fiction has emerged as a genre. Today's society can see what will happen tomorrow in the future and look at what our eyes and eyes before our eyes are in the middle of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. <br /> <br /> Obviously Terry Gilliam is a natural type for this type of film. The film gives a feeling of sentiment in its entirety, it dissolves society by its excesses and shows the feeling of immediate tragedy for a moment of comedy. Its world is the world where TWELVE MONKEYS is a world where madness escapes where the city hits dirt and ignorance, where everything seems to indicate the brightness of the initial sequence, where it appears in every corner of madness. This is a very dark film, but its best, linear (although there are still plots under study), which improves with repeated views. <br /> <br /> A tragic and deadly event. In 1996, human beings started the virus and led to the extermination that we know Life On The Planet. Scientists of the future bring human beings to working with strangers trying to make changes to the human destiny of Earthly people. Land - The guinea pigs are going back in time, including James Cole (which has a great impact on Bruce Willis). Cole can be any person. We do not know anything about it, but, of course, it does not matter, it does not matter to many of the many volunteers, and when the touch of his nature approaches when he approaches his role, he escapes. We know he is a man who is dreaming, and his dreams may be a reality: 1996. The scene of the event has already been. <br /> <br /> It's definitely sensible. It appears throughout the movie. In 1990, when he was mentally taken to court, Jeffrey Goines (who has been named Brad Pitt, who was nominated for an Academy Award) speaks about destruction and destruction, and later Cole has seen Goines dreamed of repeat. When a man leaves a boy and escapes ... what? He does not know Later, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe) is confronted with a psychologist and one of his first reactions is madness and he has seen it. Thanks to this participation in this story, this becomes an active passion / endurance and even makes sense to think foolish that Something Terrible comes during the coming Way, especially when he met him six years later: he has seen it before Cole. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream that follows. In addition, she also helps her as a blonde woman who is down the hall, asking for help. Jeffrey Goines?) It apparently escaped, that is, it is not innocent before boosting a boy of the audience. Questions arise: did these events happen? Will they happen? Who is really a part of it, or rather, to everyone, until the least player, a part of the Territory? Or is all the trick that time is in time, in time, in itself, shows the parts of events repeated and repeated over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions include the scenes of Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece VERTIGO masterpiece. Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton cries out her short existence ("You have no warning," says Cole, and Railly watches from her seat in hidden movie theater. VERTIGO's interviews make up the role of Railly and Cole's conversation and later, When Cole wakes up in the theater and looks for Railly, he is confronted with disguise with her (almost looking exactly like Eva Maria Saint NORTH NORTHEST in NORTHWEST), Bernard Herrmann's swelling score as Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster as an appearance It is a fascinating sequence, even for the appearance of names of two feature-length actors: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, blondes and trenches, and calls herself "Judy Simmons" "madness" "James Cole" ; James Stewart plays a detective who wants to help Madeleine Elster "madness." It will later appear again, not once, but twice, first Judy Barton and later, like Madeleine. Action and restoration, play and play again.
