The brave filmmaker has stripped the cameras, with a brilliant casting and an explosive soundtrack, an adverse effect on coastal Santiago and corruption, about the three-year-old invaders of the southern Temuco of 2-year-old Temuco. <br /> <br /> The premiere of the Festival is the erotic dance dancer Daniella Rios, owned by Alejandro Trejo, who is the owner of the new mini wave on the face of the Chilean film production. Nestor Cantilla, his eldest brother, is very much convinced that he will be the headmaster of Trejo, after a night, to celebrate the seventeenth anniversary of his younger brother (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the film of this opening film, the film does not expect the world outside to be stereotypically conservative and Catholic in a neo-black exploration. <br /> <br /> Thanks to the seduction of Gracia, they attract honey like bees of three men, although the circular narrative of three-way fantasy love Trejo and Gringo, Eduardo Barril, is based on a linear portrait of great international drug treatment. Power relationships become a fundamental issue, because society as a foreigner joins a mini-family. This prostitute woman has an exotic spell over all the men of the Chilean film, which creates the ambiguous position of the periphery of society, and has the key to the future of three men. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillan is very important, since the parents of the boys are aware of their shortcomings (they still live in Temuco). That's why Trejo, the godfather, takes the "Cantillana", and effectively makes it "in the city". Miranda quickly turns out to be desperate, as she relents the beauty of Cantillana's "father's image" in a beautiful Grace that is growing. However, the limit on the Miranda school remains trapped - it is under the influence of Cantillan, who is in the Trejo century, to make a living. Trejo, at the same time, is under 'Gringo', and his wealth has been accumulated through drugs and metro clubs. Gracia's image works as a time bomb in the form of fireworks; Within the patriarchy, it includes beauty networks, but the tension can only rise. <br /> <br /> While the tensions of these power relations come along, Gracia remains boring. The spectator will never guarantee a male figure. The film ended the film's challenges and explosives as a result of a reorganization of the film's potential for relationships. The last shot that beat Miranda PanAmericano on the road is desperately strong. The boy has been absorbed by the enthusiasm of the city's underworld, but he has lost only one of his family's shows and his only girl is the film's only friend. It does not do anything The previous metaphors are brave and courageous. It's a Chilean gangster movie. Familiar notions, before marriage, not sex, etc. They are abolished, and instead, the harsh realities of the other side of Santiago coin are shown in the honest recognition. Trejok Rios has been attacked, Rios and Miranda love filming a movie room in the room - a whore with a sexually unheard-of age. Latin American Latin American countries hold 'gringos', but not through copper mining through illegal drugs. <br /> <br /> Waissbluthen's victory is on display in this dark dark. That's why we raise so many social questions, perhaps, much more than the most successful film of Sexo Con Amor, in a sharp and sharp sharp film, which connects Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El Chacotero Sentimental. The cinematographic evidence is well and truly artistically alive and after the 15-year period of transitional period after the census of the Military Regime.
