The writer and director Andrew Waissbluth worked seven years ago on completing this two-hour Santiago Chile (underground crime in Chile) episode, perhaps resulting in the need for episodes and editing. Or, maybe this is the technique of a director who shows the fine sense of the black movie story. <br /> <br /> The two brothers - The oldest Silvio (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - have moved. their children from Santiago to Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio Victor's education. In Victor's seventeenth birthday, he moved to Silvio virgin clubs, Victor loses virginity with a club stripper / prostitute. In Victor's tight field, he has to deal with his creative disadvantage as he leaves Silvio's club floor while being impressed by the "hiring" owners. <br /> <br /> Henchman works as a guardian for the "gang" of Silvio, and good money to help Victor's education. But Victor looks at one of the club dancers, called Gracia (Antonella Ríos), and starts looking for him, with the annoyance of Silvio's anger. The leader of the group leader, Gracia Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) is Silvio! This story of Gracia is linked to Victor's, Silvio and Don Pascual's embodiments and the consequences of ménage a trois have deadly results. Through the story Victor, Silvio and Gracia's eyes, we grow through the weaknesses and cracks of each character, which allows the fall that concludes. Chile Pulp Fiction? Well, that is, he shot himself in a passionate and colorful way, including the previous nudity (female and male) and a provocative sexual encounter. But in the end, it is a sensual aspect of the director's point of view that promotes this film in the face of professional sex workers that are successful in the premiere of viral sex workers. The plays are quite powerful, especially Antonella Ríos's graceful Gracia. You think you understood the first conception, but unexpectedly it changes when you change it by counting from the eyes of other characters. Within two hours limitation, some reasonable editing would help the movie influence. In Spanish subtitles. Recommended for those who love the beauty of black cinema and the art of South American cinema. Grady Harpa
