I did not see the movie 35 years probably. So when I noticed that the TV (cable) was going to be a long time in the long run (no video available), I made sure. I did not miss And, at last, again, as opposed to other films that shone brightly, I saw the images of "The Navy's Excellency" as vivid and effective as I remembered for the first time. What makes the movie so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> Everything. In November 1942, 1942, Al Schmiden and his crew of the maritime machine crew were killed at the Battle of the Tenaru River in Guadeloupe, November 1942, the script was made in 95%. "Roger Butterfield is enough to meet the time limits of a move, this is not a typical" middle war movie "action, and the war scene is about 10 minutes or so in the middle of the movie - a memorable 10 minutes of shooting at least as clear a nightmare. They are, and the genre is out of false or heroic falsehood, and at that time the natural drama that happened was more than enough to give audiences a tough, ugly and violent nature of the battle, and probably when the shocked spectators saw the end of the war This movie is not about a "powerful" war. I can not imagine that you want to see this battle scene and ask anyone to ask about it. It's not right now, however. <br /> <br /> This movie really worries the effects of the battle, and how the affected man can learn to claim his life. There is an excellent hospital scene, and about a dozen men discuss it and get the movie so well I think it's another reason. It was written exceptionally. The reverse is a "dream" sequence (negative film), it seems almost experimental, and is also a powerful theater, directed by John Garfield. Garfield was the perfect player, his natural temperament and Schmid were almost identical, and Garfield met Schmid and learned a bit about the man who lived with him and his role as much as possible. The actors do not do much more, but they have added to the equation that this movie is another reason why this story is so difficult and fun.
