According to the script of other areas (or whatever the title of the Oscar), the "holes" have credibility. I think it is better for the author to create a script, because the author is the creator of the material. The author can not write a script to save his life, then in the screenwriter, the author will create someone who is correct. In addition, the review is about "Holes". (1) Louis Sachar is a great author and writes the script. I watched the movie and then I read the book and they did not wear any inconsistency or stupidity. Many people have natural talents that overcome support. (2) Shia LaBeouf's Best Performance Award is the main character's portrait. He puzzled himself. I wanted to see the character that had been claimed before this conclusion. (3) A little hung Andrew Andrew. This is Harrison Ford's hard-working man. Steven Seagal also has some heads. As for this film, Shia did it and the rest of the boys dropped some holes. In other words, a "action packet" movie can be made and can do well if the main genre of "action" is not "action". (4) My second favorite show is Mr. Jon Voight, Sir. Sometimes a goofy role plays the best performer. When Voight drew up the line "Definitely ...", I had to laugh half a minute because it was so fun. He is capable of comedy and he should investigate some roles to take advantage of this talents. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very strong with a strong script. This is probably the only second best I've ever seen him ("O Brother Where Art Thou"). (6) I love the movie setting option. I did not know that dry or barren California. I think the figures of the population and the soil can be both misleading. (7) I wanted the overall look of the film with a bottle of water. Only drilling a hole could be detected in the middle of the day. (8) Other casts also deserve a Kudos bar box. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were taped for their talents, and it was very well. Throw high, even if there is a group near you. (9) I like the movie that will not appear right away. When Stanley was baseball wearing these baseball fields, I wanted to see what extravagant events might be and this is a key component for making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) has to do some of these young adult movies. It was a pleasure for me and I'm a university student. I saw that I saw the youngest movie "Disney", "Something Wicked This Way Comes", and "Holes" probably passed (as in the 2000 elections, still closing the call). Disney can bring greatness if he decides to spread that genre and keep the wealth of art when money is seen when a cow is awakening. Ten reasons give you ten points! <br /> <br /> In the end, "Zuloak" is one of my favorite Disney movies, and surely this is one of the best ones this year (the movie may not be the Oscar material but who said Oscar material is the best material?). As a movie from a book I have read, there is a "Fight Club" in my list (at the top). I saw it as a movie in 2003, that is, in five positions (behind Mystic River). Compared to "Harry Potter," Stanley Yelnats takes a shovel at Harry's head and brings a last blow to death with Potter's nose with a sports shoe. Everyone should watch this movie because it informs and entertains it. Here it vibrates!
