And I'm serious! Actually, one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. It's incredibly wonderful that rarely a good book becomes a good movie that is not good, but if possible, it is based on the novel. Perhaps, in the case of Rings and Trainspotting, it is not uncommon. But I think that Louis Sachar's involvement in the beginning helped the masses so that the film is closer to the story, but even more so. This film has many elements, namely: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique and original story, mixed with fun and humor, but with a mature edge. 2. Excellent agents. Even adults and children, the actors can survive the story and can deliver illustrations and style lines without going overboard, sometimes with children's films. 3. A wonderful landscape. And it does not matter that authentic or CGI, it is itself a masterpiece setting. I love the image of birds rather than the holes. 4. Becomes a talented director who breathes life in the book and becomes a genius of his own technology. Transitions throughout time work well and make a steady fluctuation of the book so they can be taken throughout the whole movie. 5. Louis Sachar! An Eastern one who reads me to a book could not finish until I had finished. The script asserts that it binds to the book, adding more new bits. 6. And talk about the script! The single lines are intelligent, fun and irrelevant. You also have to smile, make pieces of cry and make you feel, but love this story. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is not a song in this movie I will not fall, and that's something I think of an alleged punk-rocker. The song adds a good story and adds the extra jazz to the overall style of the movie. If you want to buy the movie, I also recommend you to buy a soundtrack, especially "If only", which focuses on the story and covers the book choirs. <br /> <br /> I do not work for the people who made the holes, by the way I'm the only fan, with a review of my favorite movie and a worthwhile review. If you have not seen it, do it. Now At the same time Go!
