The hole is a way that affects the past and at least the current life of three people. I will name one of them, the other two are mysteries and they will continue. The pit is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. Life is miserable Unfortunately, it is the nature of the fate of many human beings, and the exploitation of Stanley IV has been the result of "fraudulent corruption-corruption." These exploits were damned by many of the men of the family. By all means, we know Stanley IV. A celebrity from Baseball has accused a pair of shoemaker robbery robbery. It is allowed to be imprisoned or the character can go to the building camp. "I've never camped before," says Stanley. With this in mind, the judge sends his enthusiasm to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place with a curious philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, you will be able to punch it every day in the hot sun in the hole, good boy. This little pearl of wisdom, Mr. Mr. (John Voight) We learn from a consultant, we feel immediately that he is a dangerous man, at least his attitude is honestly honest, he does not think it's nice, but outside the councilor Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is a very sensitive guardian, but faster, quicker than others. to release the vernal sauce about his charges, the carer has the power of honesty, but only a mystery, these are the three norms: Camp Green Lake, a place where there is no lake, it's just a dry, dry powder, five centimeters deep and It is five meters wide, it seems like wildlife, wild boar and wild poisonous wildlife, Green Lake seems to be a bad place in many ways. < br /> <br /> The hole works on a strange and fictional setting, because people understand it. Indeed, because it is honest with the way people face Camp Green Lake. The film captures the way that perfectly affects each other. The boy captures them as they can surprise each other, admiring admiration, how they fight each other and how they ally how they ally all the boys in their way. The film is completely nuances that incredible everything else makes. What refreshes this movie is a good character. He does not believe in the curse of the family, he is not angry that he exploits his "grandfather's grandchildren, not so-soaked and rotting". He loves listening to this story. Stanley IV is not the bitter past, and has decided not to affect his father and grandfather as it does. Sometimes the movie is sad, but it is not bored. That's refreshing. <br /> <br /> Zuloak is a family film that is intelligent, intuitive and spiritual. It entertains and is not cheap at all. It's not a comedy, even if he laughed. Being credible is one of the safest and most popular family movies. So it overcomes the genres of family movies and becomes a good movie for everyone. I give 10
