Gruveyman2 (you have commented below) you are completely idiotic ... the city of honesty is blinded by ignorance. It's that arrogance, it seems ironically that you're in cinema, that is, the LA A ** hole seems to be typical. You were fascinated by the fact that the happiness of SF was so honest that it was jealous. Of course, you do not know, so you're complicating LA. The first film was made entirely around a beautiful city; It has been filmed and shot by some of its famous people. LA says nothing bad about it; and these successful directors have chosen to live in a beautiful LA city. They went to the LA in film school and, of course, they are proud of it. They acknowledge that SF is near the LA, which is the benefit. The negative thing that is related to the LA was about studio managers. These guys frightened the movies when they first saw the studio's director, but then the same films, as the giant movies they won worldwide. So why would not they have animosity towards the studio's director and studio? These are the only "ones that want to avoid" and are good reasons! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the so-called "San Francisco" director? How is that not considered? And who directed The Godfather? Coppola did it. He told his story on the screen that won his best vision for the best picture. So what gave him the job? He admits to the documentary, although he did not want to make the movie ... so what's your point? And so, what does Sophia LA want to live for? And that proves how? Tell me how they are not really independent when they finance a lot of their own films. Films today classics. And when they made films through studio funding, LA came from them and said we wanted these photos and these two, they used to make money on these photos for themselves. They said exactly in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your happiness and happiness will increase the respect and belief that you owe to yourself, if you do not put a foot on the ground you've ever seen before. This movie" What a stupid and senseless comment! You have entered a lot of words ... and I do not know how to use it! And by the way, they never claimed, nor implied implicitly over LA. So if they give a New York boy to LA, again ... what's the hell of your point? So if they go to LA or New York, are hypocrite SF? You have no sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people that make it today. This film focuses on a single party ... making films. Taking time and writing evil comments about the city (not the movie, but the city and the people) is what proves what we hate people from the North of California! THE DOCUMENTARY IS VERY MOST ... INTERESTING, WITHOUT ANYONE, IT IS NOT A SITE ... WE ARE TO ENCOURAGE OURSELVES WITH US.
