It's an effort to create a solid and solid Mystery story as long as plot, colorful or surprising characters. Sunday Anyone who has worked with frustration that ended the New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle is no longer a fun solution to have fun. The best, most mysterious murders, either in print or in print, are issues that point to points, they spell their traces, the alignment of the suspects, and, fortunately, some surprises frustrate us; hardly mixing. And they make a fair; Traces and second, third and fourth audible red grasses, we are glad we were surprised at everything we needed to surprise you first and foremost. Good women thriller should improve repetition improvements while contemplating double and triple crossovers. <br /> <br /> Iraathin is a great example of the successful comedy-thriller DEATHTRAP, due to his successful Broadway play. She moves in a clean cloth, treats her skillfully, when she is almost completely honest with us (she is almost up to us), and she's still not going to know where to go (even when she tells us). . A film of mysterious murders is less commonplace, it's a movie about dead mysteries, as a play on theater. Instead of going back - instead of explaining why a murder was happening - DEATHTRAP leads us through step-by-step crime, leaving a broad space for unforeseen circumstances; Advice recommended only for "at least" "whunun". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP often contrasts (badly, surprisingly) with versions and movie versions of SLEUTH, although it's much more in reality in SCREAM than it is called self-styled horror movies. . Like this lightweight film, the same DEATHTRAP tag (a thriller thriller) sets parameters ("a set, five nightmare characters") and then undoes its genre and "reveals a more stunning and absurd situation." enough to satisfy the entertaining audiences to cease their credibility. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP gives us a brave mystery to the five leading characters, at least two of them. As a lawyer, Henry Jones, for example, for exhibitions (and our charm folklore), Irene Worth is all dialects and reliefs, as a psychic bullying that acts as a nominal detective, which leaves three leading and / or killer characters: Michael Caine's testimonial is what Sidney Bruhl, the mysterious mysterious author, plays. Especially liked and confident The character, as we immediately understand, is almost a lie. Myra, his wicked wife, somewhat stupid, Dyan Canon is walking upside down, rolling over on a roller coaster, with a character similar to a performance, equally weak or courageous, heavy or hysterical, bold or daring, constantly in love with alternative Sidney. Unexpected triumph The third angle of this star is what Clifford Anderson calls as the CEO of Christopher Reeve, who never directs his character: hears the enthusiastic writers, half-innocent victims or a nonsense charming companion. When the character is dancing with each other, the script that Jay Presson Allen's so-called secretary thinks is fun, even though it creates a suspense. And, after the end of the final tour (improvement of the end of the performance), it may not be quite clear what they have done. <br /> <br /> Lumet's comedian's master is not, so his intelligent cast will be free for characters to work on characters, all of which have strenuous, dramatic and subtle work, especially highlighted by Reeve. Lumet's doing so well is to train in tight strokes. As it did brilliantly with 12 ANGRY MEN, it plays a theater game, and at least, at least as open to the natives, stagy and stagnant are constantly coming out. The setting, which is a small farm created by an old mill, is quite small, but, as designed by Tony Walton, it is very pleasant and charming, horrible and treacherous. It is very difficult to know where the real rural house is in the studio, where the set becomes the sixth character. And as the crime scene, it is the most memorable one.
