After seeing a brief summary by David Shepard, I retained a whole or much closer version of it, which is about 56 minutes, about a 30-minute wide version. Image Entertainment's Shepard quality is undoubtedly a good quality, and there are some good parts, but it's good to keep the rest of the movie and some loose stories. <br /> <br /> Shepard print film Mary says: "You see, I change my mind - I will not go home". But the whole version Mary and Kenneth Driscoll ended their relationship after that scene? Mary returns to the country? and Driscoll revives the relationship with Vivian. This additional photo develops Vivian character, which has a minor importance in the version of Shepard. In addition, throughout the entire movie, the movie begins in New Jersey, where she is reading and fantasizing about her lover. Johnny Applebloom is disappointed with the advances made by the "chore boy" farm (there is no character in the Shepard version), but after his relationship with Driscoll, he returns to the country to be an alleged farmer's wife. /> <br /> Whatever the printout, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good little film made by one of the major directors of Maurice Tourneur in 1917. In it, Tourneur takes on a lot of jabs in his business, as well as caricature of himself, as the director of the film within the film. Both directors give quality performances to their home screen actors: Robert Warwick, the actress playing a star, and Doris Kenyon, with the intention of acting on the screen. <br /> <br /> Film references, which made cinematographic film-makers, have not heard so far. Mack Sennett has already shot three years previously with the movie 'Mabel's Dramatic Career'. The aspects of this stand out. Frances Marion's intimate titles are humorous, actors' illustrations, which direct a hand. They are noteworthy in 1917. I especially like the final titles of the movie where two observers mentioned the happy ending of the movie: "Gee but not it that romantick!" Others, "Romance, nuthin !? That's a photo!" Anita Loos, a screenwriter, made a reference to a 1917 movie from "Wild and Woolly". Both writers changed the role of their professions in business and beyond. Tourneuren and John van den Broek are good photographers, especially in the field of film business. Using a variety of scene mirrors is a great way to enhance the self-reflexivity of the film. Also, the edition is sensational. During the studio scenes, the cross-section is the fastest, most prominent one; It marks a sharp rhythm, especially when it comes time.
