Riff Randell is an enthusiast of the rock band. They also have Ramones and other students. A new tyrant of the main, Mrs. Togar thinks that rock 'n' roll is a bad influence on students, especially Ramones music. So, knowing that Riff is doing in town, he jumps a couple of days to get tickets for himself and his friends. But Mrs. Togar, knowing why he had seized these tickets these days. While this is happening, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Riff, but Riff's partner, Kate Rambeau, feels the same way with Tom. But Riff will only focus on the singer Joe Ramone, and only puts songs to get the song to achieve this concert. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun Fun Yes, this is 'Rock n Roll High School', it's not the main focus ... a compassionate one! I did not expect that, surely. Everyone who is involved in this project in Dandy seems to have a long time, and its soothing nature is shown on the screen, showing a glittering spirit, which is a wonderful experience. This does not mean that they think their art and plot may be. But when the good upheavals that make this fervent and crazy journey rise, I could not smile with my face. The evil, very curious, the density is chaotic, but the damn is funky-dory! <br /> <br /> Roger Corman and John Dante, the small producer, had a low budget quote (and also directed several scenes when the director Allan Arkush was admitted to the film in the last day). . It's a huge tribute to the 1950's rocking, especially when it is tied to fertile topicals and labeled teenage rebellion, due to the difference between their and their adult generation. These characteristics are not particularly fresh, but they appeal dynamically for their treatment. The movie just goes to mind! And they do that. The generosity of "The Ramones". Actually, can we say its trendy video clip, as it is about all Ramones? well, most of all anyway. I am very much in the face of the ability of Ramones to behave. These are not the actors' musicians. This means that it does not act around them, that it is our music. They must do it! This will give the short film on the front, as the films have been rolled out to create a totally sharp one. Above all, over his concert performances. Buzzing soundtrack also featured some killer melodies from Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Cold and Alice Cooper. But these jumping trails felt good and the score was good, even though the score was pretty good. Above all, with the point that takes the mood of the mind with the attention of Mrs. Togar. The mood of the movie is like a mountaintop, like the slowness of the melodic electricity and comic segments, slapstick scattered routines, and sometimes light. Lightweight and lightweight gag light fit, it seemed very pleasing to me and gave it a wider choice of self-expression. <br /> <br /> What more gave the film an extra boost to Divine PJ Soles (known for Halloween's performance), a slow-acting theater performance by Riff Randell. Other notable examples were Dey Young, Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten, ill-fated Tom Roberts, and Eaglebauer, when Clint Howard was very surprised. Also, some of Corman's main drawers, Mary Woronov's tough Togheren, are directed to Mr. Paul Bartel McGree and Dick Millar is a small assistant to the very end. . The keen play is pretty nice, but that's fine with the material, and it's a chance for some of these characters, but Mrs. Togar and her rooms are completely overlooked. <br /> <br /> It does not sting. When the bush is here, when I say Rock 'n' Roll High School, it's a joke!
