NOT WITCH was so annoying that in 1959, several cuts had to go by three years before being released in 1962. Today, it is difficult to imagine that someone could take this thing seriously in 1959; The thing is both lurid and lewd, but it is also a very ruddy way. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, is a physician for an eccentric transplanting anger - and when he died in a car accident, he encourages his friends to head up to the shortest. By helping with telephone cables, the hug looks a bit like a skin buckwheat, it spreads its head. But are you grateful? It's almost not. In fact, it seems that everything is quite popular, especially if you want the doctor to attach the body to another body. <br /> <br /> However, the physician reflects on this new body: it wants to build a pace and, on the sidewalks of the city, it will surprise women with disorderly bandwidths, visit beautiful bodily competitions and hunt their cheesecakes with their eyebrows looking for goods. In the laboratory, he has developed a psychic connection to the head with one of the medical experiments; This is so amazing, the sight is locked in a useful laboratory closet. Can they work together to get rid of bitter and harmful laboratories that help the doctor to save his revenge and save the woman's efforts? Could not! The headmistress Jason Evers plays as innocent physician as if he gave a great dose of Spanish flying; Virginia Leith knows unhappy heads, lungs and cats, though he does not have lungs and maybe even no voice chords. Noisy babies gyrate music is very tawdry, the lines of action of the irrational nature of the actress is aligned, the conversation is even more nonsensical than the plots, and you need a calculator to add continuity to goofs. Generally speaking, BRAIN DOES NOT TAKE EVERYTHING is said to be unintentionally just like Ed Wood. <br /> <br /> Director, Joseph Green, really does everything well with a pretty good clip, and he can easily detect scenes that have influenced Film Directors today, they are definitely never seen and never seen when they were young and impressive. . The cuts that were made before releasing the movie are permanently lost, but the cuts made to television have been restored to Alpha, and the quality of the movie and sound is not great, but it probably seems to be the best thing to do. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of the films that you will find very sad or funny from your point of view, so it is very difficult to give it a recommendation. But this is what I say: if your tastes are similar to Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you have to retain this and now! Four stars cheat her bizarreess alone! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
