I always add two film experiences. I saw that at the age of 10 was the "Star Wars" with my younger brother. The next side comes to Halloween with my good friend Tripple Plex, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween breathed to me, without words and without fear. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister Halloween in 1963. Twenty years later, he fled from the mental hospital to return to Haddofield, again to destroy destruction. He plays Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy senior who enjoys nursery, and begins to start her. Friends who live along the streets die suddenly because Michael puts him in his plot. Ironically, the boy who goes to Halloween is afraid of "Boogeman" and can see it outside. During death, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works hard before Mikel Strogoff's anger stirs up. There is no evidence, he does not test, that Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers) has only one vote to sell. So far as the soil is developed, it is a film directed to a suspense to avoid cheap emotions. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can have four men playing at the table playing cards, and they do not know that there is a bomb and it's shut down. That's a cheap thrill, but let's talk about what to do with a bomb at a four-man bomb, then it will not shut down, then you have a suspense. "John Carpenter takes this advice on the death of Halloween. The viewers will look at the outside, watch over their victims. Will he die? When will he die? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses suspense instead of special effects instead of highlighting gore. This movie has little blood, but it's still scary. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob to the ground. The knife turns off again when the moonlight shines brightly, and then drives it. What you hear is a trembling; Then, the audience sees Bob's feet fall continuously. Carpenter was the first one from the scene of the killer scene. In addition, our audience is the most important. What will it do? What happens in his head? In the end, Carpenter adds tension to the amazing score given. Additionally, the tandem screen with Debra Hill tells the story of the characters we care about. Teens are not the "madness of the party," but also the serious rebellion of teenage deserts. In the end, this "B" low-budget thriller is working. The murderer who plays "Form" Michael (Michael) adds no headache. Cold, merciless and without any pathology. In addition, everything happens in the same way. Catch only when you catch it or set a trap. Victims distribute. It is also based on violent force. This masked mask (shattered mask William Shatner) seems like something that is not soul or emotion. Pleasance is melodramatic, in his mortal monologue, but he finds someone who is terrifying, disappointed and deciding. I asked modernism that he imagined that the criminals explained his attempts. The treasure of the Crown, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. Laurie plays the character, as someone is afraid, but he is determined and strong. It's one of those that I have not finished. It was the first concept of an indestructible killer of the unending series. Films like Star Wars can have a lot of advantages. Halloween and other terrifying movies, however, do not have that advantage. So, first of all, if the first gesture we see is a fresh and new movie, it would be a movie that Halloweena would choose.
