As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's 1978 classic is one of the first two films, I remember seeing the great impact I'm seeing and the other (Conan the Barbarian classic). I was so scared that the only monster in my bed was Michael Meyers, and I reconfirmed somebody (imaginary friend) so that he would not die for me. Now it's terrifying for the 10 year old. <br /> <br /> It is a classic horror and I am sure that my modest review is not worth the justice. The most amazing thing is that the movie still works, it may not be in a discrete reaction, but rather a cognitive or immediate unconscious choice. All this might happen. It is impossible because it is not located in a foreign country (it is more modern, such as a hostel, tourists, cry, theater ...). Sometimes the graph is the rest while our imagination is eliminated. I think it's a little bit of a solution that is a terrifying soundtrack to people who are outraged or scramble out at night. It still works, we represent an involuntary or third murder, to be more terrifying for ourselves. So we help ourselves with our fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Carpenter creates a story about a childhood, middle-class and pretty good child that captures Halloween and kills her sister. Then, he goes through the next 15 years in an organization (fortunately, we do not have experience) to escape and return to his home country, evil Haddonfield. On the way he dies and dies. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although it is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the security of middle class neighborhoods. In American security and security stronghold, chaos can still strike. <br /> <br /> When Michael Strogoff died after leaving the person. Not the serial killer, man or psycho. The force is unstoppable. Whats white, if not Shatner whitened mask and any other type of conversation, then some breathing helps to minimize and complete the generation of Michael Strogoff. This is the source of his power. It has nothing, without voice and without a doubt, as a source of constant chaos. Cinematography (postcard effect), information / motivation / explanation and a veteran narrative experience by Donald Pleasence (Loomis doctor). She sells her high performance and unpleasant "Form." This is also Jamie Lee Curtis Laurie Strode, that is, the innocent girl (at least a little bit) that prevents the innocent girl from chaos. <br /> <br /> Even though it's not the first movie of such horror films (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it has the greatest success and is not diminished by reviewing it. If you have not been afraid of horror films for a long time (probably, this is where the back hairs of your head mix the first chords of the soundtrack). This movie is a must-see for a horror movie and one of John Carpenter's best roles.
