Halloween is not just the father of all slasher movies, but never! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created a chiller with this classic suspenseful, creepy, and terrifying movie. Michael Myers inspired the plot of imitators such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13), Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Ok, so I got a bit of darkness, but this movie will show you the impact it has had on the horror genre. There is no monstrance coming from King Tuten's grave or Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It was created in pleasant little neighborhoods of that time. And The Night He Came Home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the audience would never be the same. Many parts of this film make them a crown of horror movies. The first one is setting ... it seems like a suburban neighborhood. Many of us grew up during this period, such as the characters can easily be identified. As long as you are feeling safe in the neighborhood, but if problems arise, no-one wants to take a step (especially when a heavy-breathing mad tries to try our young hero). the movie is on Halloween! The awesome night of the year! While most people are working on jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers wants to cut teenage boppers. In addition to the setting, there is a great performance. Jamie Lee Curtis offers our work heroine, Laurie Strode, a good job. There seems to be a high school high school that does not find a date. However, Donald Pleasance, Dr. Sam Loomis, really stole the show. According to his doctor, Michael Myers, who knows the kind of evil that is hidden behind the black eyes, and feels that he wants to send that definitive one, is a horror story. However, the score of the synthesizer really drives the image that almost always puts the viewer on the film. After listening, you will never forget it. I also enjoy feeling untouched by this image. Today, it seems that they sharpen the image of each movie, giving us all the details of the monster we are afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never leaves Michael Myers in full view. It always seems a part of the shadows, and I think it's so afraid. There are many scenes in which Mikel Strogoff is partly visible when young people are investigating young people (as they do not know them), which makes him feel very much. If you think about it, you're seeing some wac now and you do not know. Unfortunately, for our teenagers (and luckily our horror fans), when Michael finds out, he is not looking for sweets this Halloween night ... he is looking for blood. In the end, Michael Myers himself is a key element in the effectiveness of this film. The unstoppable track of Laurie Stroda will never seem like a killer. It will make you sad for your whole life. So if you have not seen the movie (if you still do not have one or not), take some crises, turn off the light, write an old DVD and see the fear. . Trick or Treat!
