I've had to see why I've had a candle in horror movies that could not finish in the 70's and 80's. I have been very much public in this forum about the evils like The Haunting and Urban Legend. They (and others like them) do not know how frightened they were. And he worried me where I went to the local video store and rented me some of the classic horror films. I already own a Friday, I rented the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, Exorcist and Halloween. Other movies, however, are classics, but I have here to talk about Halloweeni. Something about Halloween is something that can be done by a movie that is not in the history of horror movies, which is based on subtle techniques, which are based on blood and gore, and uses them to repel your lifestyle. . I was in a room, when I learned that the lights were shut up and so absurd I had to look behind to see Michael Myers there. The movie I've seen in the last ten years has not been with me. No movies <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a small budget movie and was afraid of a generation of generations. In 8 or 9, you do not need budgeting to remind you of the fear. Sometimes the best element of fear is not what really happens, but what will happen. What was this shadow? What was this top noise? Knowing that someone is scumbags and I think that you can use all the horror items that you can use. I also believe that he has completed some of his ideas, and nowadays they should be ideas that people use. But they do not. No one uses light and details to frighten them, they use special effects and bloodstream. And it's not the same. You can not scare a giant special effect from a big noise and it will exit from a wall. Somewhere, the murderer somewhere conceals, you do not know where it goes, it scares you. And Halloween has not succeeded in any other movie as well. <br /> <br /> In 1963 Micael Myers dies with her sister with a tall tomb knife and then passes 15 years of her life, secretly locked up in a high school. Loomis (his doctor) as Sheriff Brackett says "I spent eight years trying to reach him and I assured him that he was never going out for another seven years, I saw behind these eyes that he was just an e-vil" the mania and tireless idea of ​​a murderer to get what he does not want. And he wants to kill Laurie. Nobody knows why he wants to kill him, but he does it. (The Halloween II story is pretty good) <br /> <br /> Carpenter's terrific scoring, wrong lighting techniques, and writing and directing it into the horror theater masterpiece. A scene must be described. And that's the scene on the way to collect Annie Paul. It tries to open and open. Only then he realizes he has left the home keys. He gets them, returns it and inadvertently opens the door of the car without using the keys. The public uses it but not. He's busy thinking about Paul. When it comes down, it warns the windows are blurred. He is surprised and cleans the fog, and then Myers knocks his back in the back seat. This is an excellent scene, because it details attention. We know what is happening and not Annie. But Carpenter warned in a very serious way in 1978 and later swore that he was afraid of these films. <br /> <br /> Blurs the images of a murderer on the bottom of Halloween. The shadows are hidden on a wall, dark rooms, awesome and awful music, Donald Pleasancer and a sneaky story that tells of pains and tears. killer The advice of filmmakers of the day and time is to study Halloween. What a horrible movie should be printed blue. Eventually, Carpenter followed Hitchcock's footsteps, maybe the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween personalizes everything that frightens you. If all the horror films that do not know the difference between evil and madness are all tired, then Halloween is a movie to be seen. You will not leave. I like to be afraid, I do not know why, but yes. In the 90s nothing frightened, except for a movie (except Wes Craven's Last Nightmare). If you enjoy having fears, then you need to watch Halloween. If you have seen it hundreds of times, go and watch again, with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will appeal to you all the beautiful faces of the movie. Halloween will scare you afraid of being seated on the seat, you do not want to move. Tell me now what a horror movie would you like to see? <br /> <br /> And just after watching the Zombie version, you'll appreciate it much more. The definition is classical. Zombie is bastardized by its version, but it does not remove this shine.
