Watching Fire and Ice reminded me for the first time seeing my experience in 300 years. It was not a bad movie, no doubt the average, but his drawings and conversations were the most common and worst in a confusing and one-dimensional manner (according to Frank Miller's comic book, perhaps with the right decision). But first-class forces get out of profound action and bloodshed and this 14-year-old feeling is that beefcake men struggled in a fight against a terrible head of the sword, sometimes with superb creatures or super hot women. It is possible that once again they had a similar feeling that I wanted to see again before Fire and Ice 300, this time Frank Frazetta, a great book and comic book designer, worked with Ralph Ralph. Bakshi, it's not a Hollywood rate, but it's something for fans. <br /> <br /> What does the viewer want to see today for the first time (maybe due to being coveted now). the youngsters were nostalgic and the Masters of the Universe saw them on the day they saw the VHS tapes), they can be mentioned as possible, and maybe you might find something special. Fire and Ice is not the only feature of Bakshi rotoscoped, but it's probably a favorite amongst a few, but rather my favorite, and he and his team create a complete, historical and absurd world. Outside of the fantasy world, the Middle Ages have all been touched with the hands of the painters in terms of origin, heaven and reason. There is a small drawback for fans of Bakshi in this aspect of character design; Bakshi Frazetta said more than she was. This may be true, but it does not absorb the eye or moments of curiosity or slow movement we see (my favorite skeleton guide was for a moment ... I was surprised by the rhythm. <br /> <br /> < <br /> <br /> I am not describing the plot to get rid of the recommendation to really recommend it. If you have this kind of style and a tough approach to the animation, the plot must be tested by either party or "girl" or "princess" or by what hero or yada yada , it's enough to say goodbye to Saga against ice, Nekron and Darkwolf (the most massive and most comical man) and Teegra (a typical little hottie who is practically abusive), a fantasy image. It is necessary to allow the plot owner, as an asset, a cluster action and a series of suspensions, in the great battle of danger, when the wolves fight against Teegria and fight with monstrous monsters. and the bees come out from the trunks and lakes of the tree. And for the usual Bakshi, it creates dizziness (except fantasy excitement) in the midst of this fantastic material. If you've watched the wizards, I understand what I mean by a little lesser. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animation fan, look for this immediately "old school" (for example). that is, the 1980s) incredible action and design. As for all others, ... it's good, not great, in my opinion XXI. Centennial logical expansion without making 300 changes.
