At the time of the original version (which was the second biggest film in 1976 at that time), A STAR IS BORN's third-screen version has always been distributed among critics and fans. The negative reviews were open, however, with a budget of $ 5.6 million, $ 150 million in box office, and an Oscar and 5 gold balloons. It's no wonder that Streisand's most commercially successful film would continue to be controversial. For STAR ten best-known star of the series, there are still ten more movies that are the weakest of his filmography. Despite the fact that both parties admit their claims, it is still to be noted that in the 70's A STAR IS BORN continues to be the most dramatic and entertaining scenes produced in Hollywood. It's the best version of the story that often tells me to get my money. <br /> <br /> The film is nice and quite absurd. Switching from the old Hollywood studio system to the world of competitive music industry was a great idea, and the script creates realistic contrast between love between characters and their routes. This is the real area that STAR IS BORN 1976 really overlooks previous classics. For example, the film has a great success when creating personal and professional difficulties during the recording sessions, and the calls interrupted by Kristofferson's songwriting interruptions are endless. This story version is also more credible in the portraits of the protagonists. For example, the female heads of the previous two versions were so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they appeared as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the protagonist of this version, is not passionate and passionate, but also defective and conflicting. That's why he feels "real" Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland of the previous films, and the story is much more efficient. <br /> <br /> All screenings are targeted, although some are not enough collaborators. If you're looking for an actor / singer without the intention of writing a fine line between hard and vulnerable headwinds himself, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. It is one of the few leading filmmakers who seem to be trivial or fresh as it seems, and, as usual, is a great emotional relationship between the audience. In short, Esther made a three-dimensional man. Kris Kristofferson may not get a great deal of respect now because of his unique characters, but it's always interesting to see caring and magnetic charisma here rarely in other parts of his career. Kristofferson received good reviews from NEWSWEEK, TIME and even the evil Pauline Kael from New York. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but they both have pretty little screen time. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack of the movie has been a great success, since it has achieved great success in Billboard's Hot 200 # 1. Only four million copies in the US. Streisand's composite "Evergreen" (with lyrics by Paul Williams) can not be considered one of the most beautiful songs of contemporary pop, but a unique interpretation of Streisand's voice. The rest of the original songs of the film (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are quite good, and Streisand draws fantastic sounds. His direct solo numbers remain in memory after the rest of the films have disappeared. Streisand's live performances bring "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You", and numbers like "Queen Bee" turn sillier into much better than they do. Kristofferson's solo numbers vary sensibly, but it may well be when a singer is playing. <br /> <br /> Even though some aspects are naturally (although it is definitely a decade). In the seventies, STAR IS BORN continues. The film is well-assembled and fully produced; The chemistry between roots is very strong and it always feels authentic, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the end of the end, both are effective. In the end, STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, but also overcoming criticism.
