I am Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not a great Singles), so I hope everything is what Cameron Crowe gives him his name. Vanilla Sky was a movie that I was very curious about, and I really would not like them, I'd like to see something similar to that of Crowe's other films. Well, as I have already seen, say that the former was correct, and this one could not be worse. It's a very strange movie, and nothing ends. Those who saw what was coming in the middle of the movie tells you that anyone lacks a lie or can not retract their memory away from their memory. In any case, the movie was awesome and I hope that the DVD will be released soon enough. The movie led me and I felt emotionally at the end. The researcher is an experience that draws the whole spectrum of human emotion, allowing the viewer in the plot. I watched the movie at the theater, they were more than just a few people who clearly lost the story of the movie, and they found it hard to find when they could not return to the plot. It is certain that others lack the ability to follow such films properly. I do not like listening to the pompous, but some more people cut Seagal, Chan, Van Damme's film genre, and they probably would not enjoy this movie. It's very clean so make sure you're ready for a flexible head for two hours. <br /> <br /> This movie is very similar to other Crowe movies. At least one party, in all Crowe movies, is the same character as the soundtrack. This is undoubtedly due to the connections between Crowe's music, and anyone who has seen anyone from Almost Famous and anyone who married Nancy Wilson's heart star. At the same time, Tom Cruise found out that there was a precise chemistry and Crowe's director, who knew the movie Jerry Maguire had known the movie. In my opinion, this is not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> In any case, if I wanted to compare this movie with any other movie, I would say, if you enjoyed playing David Fincher, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
