The human mind is so rare; This center of activity that creates and preserves reality perceptions, in which the vision of the world is related to the specific functioning of the brain, a delicate and complicated processor of all things. And how much do we know about internal functioning, depth or capacity? What is it that differentiates us between reality and a dream? Or can we? Perhaps, the sense of reality is just the impression of what we really see, just like looking at a Monet painting, where its visual vanilla becomes the reality of the sky in our reality. He has visited Cameron Crowe on his imaginary and consciously influential movie, "Vanilla Sky", featuring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of twenty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire left by his father. However, he is interested in controlling his fifty-one percent of a sharp man, who is seven members of his board of directors, who each thinks worthy of Mr. Aames's share of the company. And the discomfort arouses David's perception of the function he demands. <br /> <br /> Confess, David likes to play; However, it controls the business and thinks it's a good idea to make the table (it is referred to as the seven dwarves) or did not like it, and no one ever dared to challenge him directly. But in one of his honorable birthday party, Thomas Tipp's corporate lawyer (Timothy Spall) warns David that he is one of the seven backs. But at that time, David's mind is the last; Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz) has taken a temporary relationship with a friend, but she also moves to the back burner when she is acquainted with a woman of her party, but she can not get her head out. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and only after one night she becomes a vital part of her life - which will be the opposite, as in the morning of her party's decision. change your eternal life. And he learned that sometimes, there is simply no return. <br /> <br /> The director Cameron Crowe has done this work with a different film and has delivered much more; Much more than a movie, 'Vanilla Sky' has been realized. Starting with the first images that appear on the screen, it introduces a spectacular vision and brain experience. It's a mystery to remind yourself, it swallows you and falls; emotionally, it's a rush ... and it's likely to run out because it requires effort. But it's worth it. Think of the "rock band" soundtrack with "Memento" and an intense attack on the stroke of an impressionist brush. They are darkness and light, and the pound and the sound that drives you feel the blood that crosses your veins until you feel your back in your brain. And all this started in a virtual landscape of reality, under the vanilla glossy wider range. Simply this is a real trip; It's exciting - and it's awesome. <br /> <br /> With regard to performances, Tom Cruise is the one in Maverick's "Top Gun" or his Ethan Hunt. Those who perceive only 'Mission Impossible' or 'movie star' will have to think over the actress again according to the work they have done here. As with David Aames, Cruise will give the best performance of his career, and that is why he ought to doubt his ability as an actor at the door. In recent years, he has made some interesting routes, with films such as "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut", with the warmth of the real and complex nature he creates. And give me credit, as a result of taking on the role of abolishing the senses of necessity; This is the way Cruise has never seen you. He won the nomination for the "Jerry Maguire" Oscar, as well as his admiration and fame. This Cruise movie is not only good, it's obvious. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz gives a great performance, but not extraordinary, as well as David, a woman of David's dreams. Its innocent innocence, which is a function that works well for its nature, makes it approachable and accessible. However, he has no mystery suggestion that could add to something special "something extra". But Crowe knows how to get one of his best actors, and he has definitely made it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz. He never looked better and quite sizzles on the screen quite enough. But do not make any mistake, this is not part of "window dressing", and Diaz gives you a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, depending on the effect of the screen on time. And it's a person with Julie's personal beauty that makes her unforgettable. In general, the wonderful work of Diazen. <br /> <br /> Assistance is provided by Kurt Russell (McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor. (Ed.), Mel Thompson ('LE' Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). By the way, this will make you doubt about the sense of reality, but be sure, at the end of Vanilla Sky, all will appear. It is true that the reality converter and the wild thing; But this is fun for the satisfying entertainment - and the only one - it offers experience, you have to believe one to believe. The magic of the movie is essential and absolute. 10/10. <br /> <br />
