In order to achieve the success of Universal Horror film, Majestic Pictures has been hired by several well-known actors in the current genre and has put it in such an effort (that is real) not so good. That's why it's still worth the whole time, and it's fun to see a heck and I think it's much better than today's supposed horror! This story takes place in a small German town in Klineschloss where there is a thoroughly drained body of blood and good punishment. Burgermister Gustave Schoenek (Lionel Belmore) cries out for "Vampires", but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he is responsible and is responsible for catching it. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERTA ***** Most Burgermeister and most people think that Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) loves local kooks who seeks bats and often speaks and kills him until they die . in a cave The murderer is Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who has created a new form of tissue that is nourished with blood, which is achieved by Emil's civil servant (Robert Frazer). night goes by to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a pretty assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he does, but Karl eventually becomes a suspect after Herman's death. <br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never confused with James Whale, but he was the most competent and direct director, who directed most of the films in "Blondie" and used the same series as "The Old Dark House" Universal- It was filmed For the first time, I admit that this movie is sometimes awkward, but it's almost impossible to face such a movie that Frye is about to play a role in his role as Renfield, that is, the bats help and draw and maintain. Store in your pocket to be safe! Simply, it does not make sense for Dr. Otto's control over more than Emilus, as the film ever exposes, and I was very keen to see that it was a kind of "Cabinet" by Dr. Caligari. On the other hand, it is probably just the weakest part of the script. There are other rumors that I have noticed Frye's harassment on big caves, that is, clearly the early set of the evil Bronson Canyon where many other films have been made, as well as Wray's brown hair, its real color. True horror fans will appreciate more than others, but I think that's why it's fun for everyone and it's worth a look with a cast as attractive as this.
