It is one of the few noteworthy masterpieces of all time, I think, with a stirring of thought, fun and sad with amazing performances! All the characters are wonderful, and the story is excellent! Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just amazing! Ending is very powerful, but I do not ruin it, and I think the development of the character is high! You can add it to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, who are rooted in them. !, plus I like how slowly I moved and I'll let you know all the characters. I can not believe here alone a 5.9 score, I think it should be much more, and it was very fun to watch Randy Quaid with this role, well written and well done! Madge (Marilyn Kagan) really achieved me, when her mother was completely ashamed of the party, and the film has many amazing moments, a very special interview. It is one of the most noteworthy masterpieces of all time (I think) with his thoughts, funny and dull scenes around him, and I'll tell him to go see it immediately! Love it! Management is wonderful! Adrian Lyne has done a great job here, with a wonderful camera and great movie rhythm! The play is amazing! Jodie Foster is very nice and always as amazing! She was very pleased, cared for, she loved the character, she was alive in some scenes, focused on it, and Cherie Currie and Jeanie and Annie were the hearts of the film! (Foster rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie's path is hot, and it's amazing here, I felt her character, because she had a pleasant character, she needed help, she was looking for a powerful performance and it was amazing to create a memorable character! Scott Baio was excellent, Brad was really enjoyable and I liked his work well. Randy Quaid was really surprised at his serious role. Sally Kellerman is great as her mother likes. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are just like Madge and Deirdre, and they did everything they needed to do just like they had done with two other friends. Laura Dern has a very beginning here, because he was very pleased to see him, although there was not much of it. Cast the rest well. In general see immediately, it's an underrated masterpiece !. from ***** 5
