Basically, the exact same "Wax of the House" film - it's the first real horror movie produced by Vincent Price last year - but it's a great deal of seriousness, like the "Mad Magician", like a really nice season. D effects, super performing performances and horror criminals sticks like its predecessors! "A group of winners never changed" when writer Crane Wilbur thought he was a broken character by Don Gallico, when writer Garabi Wilbur had to think about it, to avenge someone else who was revenged with him. Don Gallico intends to make his first show of excitement as Gallic as the Great and intends to showcase the most magical trick of history; "The Girl and the Buzz Saw". Gallico's superb solo career is constantly spoiled, when Ross Ormond, his former employer, appeared on the stage and contracted under his nose, Gallico's inventions are all owned by the company directly. As he loved his first wife, Gallup, the noisy and unstoppable Ormond begins with the buzz trick and is scheduled for the show by Gallico's The Great Rinaldi. Certainly, Gallico squeezes it and Sadmond pumps Ormond, but ?? to be a master of costume creation? It recreates the image of the victim and leads a double life. "Mad Magician" is a fun and unpretentious fun in the 50's Grand Guignol style, the plot is likely to be the plot (the housewife turns into a fascinating novelist of crime?) And it's a handful of stunning grotesque moments (although they are the most often still). 3 D enjoyments near the beginning of the movie, like a yo-yo player and water sources like a goofy trick, only serve as a 50-year-old and 50-year hype, but it's still fun now and not yet see it correctly "Mad Magician" is also interesting from the periodic setting perspective; In fact, when events occur, fingerprints are used as material proofs, and Alice Prentiss is a prominent figure of the celebrated authors of that period. . Needless to say, Vincent Price continues to be an essential element of victory in this film, as well as almost all the horrifying men in the movie. Unlike another actor, he never fails to imagine that Price is gradually descending. more and more in the madness of madness being terribly pleased. Don Gallico makes you feel compassionate, but at the same time you are terribly afraid. You admit its revelation mistakes and you realize mortality errors that at the same time end mortality. Vincent Price was just a good actress and in my low opinion was a horror genre.
