BETTIE PAPER ORIGIN Written by Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you always define a person that is between two worlds, an alleged and supposedly salvation sinner? Above all, the imbalance of personality over the last few years has been fragmented to show his point. If you are the director of Mary Harron, do not miss out on the PUSH-GENERAL PAGE for push / pull. The character allows God to enrich the power of the church and allows the page to be considered as a Pinup model for the excitement of control and supremacy of superiority. In this way, the audience is offered a complex nature, struggling to enjoy others with difficult past, and combining their image in front of God's eyes. The right moment has come, it does not matter how many eyes it has on it because there is only one great couple. <br /> <br /> Mostly shot in black and white (with different colors that are not needed), NEWS IN BETTIE PAGE, it is a light and humorous comedy that turns the movie into a pleasant experience and also likes to believe in pornography corruption. But the delicate hand of the director is noticeable in the time of despair. Harron's director is sensitive and passionate and does not overwhelm many Page Abuses in front of the viewer. Instead, Gretchen Moll makes a surprisingly effective, role-playing title that can shake his character with fear of the spectator, screams of shame and embarrassment on his skin. Most managers, perhaps male directors, would be indispensable to show the heroine in painful positions, draw on it and draw a bond when it took life. Harron is very pity for him. character, his actress and audience. From fragility, the page begins to learn people with confidence and more and more photographers are photographed with love, the more you love the control over their gaze. Through his S & M core soft spot, he has found a way of reconciling himself to the way in which he has been respected for his entire life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who wants to control her life and fate, but in the end, it's always a question of where to be, how to smile and what to wear. In the end, when he chooses his own choice, he chooses to preach to those who love and hear God. The real sadness behind this important decision is that someone else is still driven blind; He has more faith in directing than his soul.
