Cinema may look like glass to see the world in a new light. Good Night and Good Luck, for example, offered modern and anti-war trial proceedings. It is easier to study the moral problem at home: placing it in a fictional or historical context that eliminates our immediate state. With pornography, we are illuminated, and our ancestors hide their strange ideas - usually they are fiery and suffocating, but the definition of obscene is not the result of falling out as a result of knowledge and science interpretation. Not only was Bettie Page McCarthism, but it was an age-old worship of forbidden comics (for example, Tales from the Crypt), when young people became middle-aged young offenders. This film, based on the main questions generated in his life, poses a dilemma that is as important as 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film has two key scenes. In the first place, we see good and respectable outfits in bookstores. One of them asked boots for her because of the intricate votes and the rest. He is then a police officer led by a police state. The second scene shows Bettie Page, a look like a witness, seems fairly faithful as if it were going out of the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. Ancient film effects, such as wipes and fading, add to the sense we are seeing the film of old movies, scenes from the 1950s, temporary filming phrases and a fake movie interview. periodically The archive footage is frequently interacting, which will greatly benefit and it narrates others. In keeping with the theme, the film is almost a collection of various types of photo movements, and the old clips of wonderful beaches and landmarks are well placed against classic Bettiek looking at Bettie's 'health and nature' magazine. . . Even though I do not get the story out, I accept that you will find a little bit of an impact. <br /> <br /> Very soon, we go into the flashback. Bettie's Depression Years runs away in Nashville, which only lives to save church souls and souls, and will only go for her own self. After its initial success, its modeling work has two aspects: glamare work, rainbow smiles, and "specialized interest" photos, dress high boots and bondage light gear. In a previous hearing (a scene reminded by the character of Naomi Watts's Mulholland Drive), she gives her a full-fledged performance while her daytime animated, cheerful and normal. day statement A part of it is still not met? Bettie often perceives that the pin-up girlfriend is popular in the audiences. But we never asked to feel Bettie Page: the abuse of her childhood is rapidly referenced and overcomes; When the four-born goddesses were raped, we see only one threat, then Bettie has recovered and survived, bouncing on someone's dumb face and catching someone in a shallow forest. <br /> <br /> Although Bettek's head is naked, Bettek is experiencing problems with high-interest photography. When we came back to the court, the views of a priest are considered proof of the deteriorating effect of these photographs. A psychologist affirms that the pictures that affect "suicide, murder and psychosis" (probably not in that order). In the end, a star testimony explains how the end of his son's life was due to these pictures - "being so." It's not clear to be "shut up" because it causes death. An article by Bettie on a magazine says that he had to endure the "terrible agonies" that had to be faced with fetishes (the viewer found that he had found a really funny and a prologue, like the photos themselves, were mere dramatizations.) After waiting for 12 hours, Bettie tells them - the only person who can not photograph the definitive agony is "not necessary." The "horrors" of the pictures have been proven. <br /> <br /> Just like the dark ages we've left, let's consider Ann Summers advert. He said, "punish fashion and passion for your store," with a photo of a woman's back. She has a breast and a sock and her hands on her back. Women's couture and toy companies (as well as charities fighting for domestic violence) have said that advertising is aimed at: "Providing women with sexual confidence and showing women to control their sexuality." Betty Page can be deduced from the fact that there are still damaging and damaging investigations. <br /> <br /> Bettie's views of religion are complementary to the story, when the concept of sin is integrated in Christianity and is forbidden. "Sexual enjoyment against the factual approach to the European continent often occurs in the United States and the United States." Forms of belief and recovery and "preservation" are reflected, though they reflect patterns that overwhelm traditional masculine dominance. Outside of the court, to approach Bettie (but sexually motivated) A policeman comes up with a "save" from his loneliness, the shining knight of the Navy may be caballerous, but he is also supposed to rescue a woman. <br /> <br /> Love or hate Notorious Bettie Page is an extraordinary and awesome movie and wake up for those who hear the call of morality. Excellent art performance, and Gretchen Mol, as Bettie, is remarkable because all of the films have made or their performance has fallen.
