Although Notorious Bettie Page is well-behaved and filmed, it's at least a version of the Cliffs Notes Bettie biography. The film focuses mainly on the work done by Irving and Paula Klaw, the brothers and sisters most produced by most of his most famous photographs. He has not determined his life, excluding religious resurrection. Richard Foster mentions the source of "The Real Bettie Page," but Bettie's mental illness and mental disapproval in a mental hospital. The close focus of the biography can be discussed, but most of Bettie's fans and "civilians" are likely to be interested in their modeling career, which is what they have achieved. <br /> <br /> The movie is well done. Gretchen Mol's faithful reproduction of the look of Bettie, as well as the sweetness of the photos. The character is naive, it may be the consequence of Bettie's interviews in recent years. Bettie is likely to know the nature of his photographs, but to rationalize performances and costumes. <br /> <br /> Support is also notable, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing with Irving and Paula Klaw and David Strathairn Estes Kefauver. The movie is wrong with John Willie's character, Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and did not participate in photo shoots with Klaws. Harris Willie plays a bit like Peter O'Toole, in her inoffensive situation. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the play, the film is deeply disassociated. The story is quite short and we never feel that Bettiek really knows. Like his photos, it's just an image. Bettie increases his popularity excessively. His photographs were mostly seen in New York and the surrounding areas, in a very narrow market underground and cultural publication. When his true popularity was published in the late 70s and 80s, Betty Page's Culture (as it was written in the name) grew. Bettiek's biggest show (pardon pun) was in Playboy, January 1955 (Christmas photo, vice versa). <br /> <br /> The movie is fine, superficial. He has been able to finish his interest and shows good performances. Bettie has hit the highest points of his life, but excludes all the details that he will give much more. The end has been undone. It feels sharp However, the film deserves to see anyone interested in Bettie or even a period of time. It's a great soundtrack, really into the viewer's 1950s. Simply, the film is a powerful American sexuality and a clash over his Puritan past. It is also a look at a male and female icon.
