I really liked it ... I liked it, not like animated series ... I love it !!! This does not seem so attractive to us, we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this cartoon was horrible, but it really was not like me. Bruce is too much about people who talk about what's hot, but 5 years later, anyone from a delinquency team would get angry and darker, so it's not a mistake for me. Batgirl was wonderful there, because Dick Grayson was not a robin, he needed a good team member, not like a new robin, it's just a child and you can not trust so much. But what did not work: new artwork ... it's not horrible, but ... it does not work like a series for me. The character is a dark person, like a murderer like behavior, so you can not put this drawing on this drawing, this joke is not a bad design but I still like something that went beyond the joke: a joke return), so this joker is not so good. Hamil's voice is good about joking. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (in love with her). They put a wonderful time for her: Mad love (the best part of this series for me). Here we can learn how Harley Quinn turned it, and how the joker twisted her mind, and she feels the atmosphere she feels on the animated series, the darker, the happy ending, the violent (but too short) struggle with joke. how was the ALL series But in general, I do not like how Harley made this series ... in almost every episode they put into fun episodes, but in a ridiculous way, he has hit punches, makes sense, mistakes ... you can laugh in a funny way with him, not with him ... and here he has been ridiculous (as I say, I do not think that he was crazy and crazy not to be careful). Good series, high and low, can be better drawn (MY GOOD! KILL CATWOMAN !!!!) sound effects, pleasant music, pleasant voices and pretty passions: my favorite, Mad love, Jokers Millionaire Wounds, Father's sins and Comfort If you liked Batman: you can see this TAS but you do not know too much about it, if you did not see TAS, see this first and then see it in TAS mode you will really like TAS: D:
