If you did not, unfortunately, this movie will not be compassionate for you. As I say, it's shameful that some of the playwrights are amateur, but for realism. Let's see: in real life, we do not say things in a specific or perfect way, even if we want to. In this regard, it works. However, it is not influenced by "popular actors" in these films, especially Jodie Foster (natural). The remaining 3 girls do not get a story that adds - Jodie plays the glue he wants to keep up with his friendship, as well as obvious death. Although it is as good as friends, there are also some people that disappear at the end, as they try. <br /> <br /> And there is the core of the movie. It's not about making a party, it's not about sexuality, but about 4 girls and the last, young girls still have to go to the world just before. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had such friendship in your life, you will feel this movie - it means a lot for you, whatever you set in time or when you were growing up. We all knew girls at school, or at least we knew them. We all know that the frustrated woman wants to grow a virgin, half childhood, and semi-desperate and think for her. We all met a crazy boy, a fashion plaque that hides the fear of the world, the fear of admission. We all knew the girl of the party, whispered to her, as well as the sad life of her home, as well as the famous exploitation. And we all knew that "mother image," a little more authentic, a little more basic, a little more sad, knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Maybe, like me, at the same time each one was at the same time ... <br /> <br /> This film captures fragile times of life, needs, pressures, women, childhood, world and loneliness. On each female head, they form a factor in each abyss. What aspects do you hang? What do you want to have on the edge? And how painful is everything you say goodbye to? That's it. She enters women into childhood, and how rugged she is to continue walking. There you were, you know ... and the movie I love, like me. Nice and tender The fine woman caught.
