After passing through the glory of The Snare, he was not sure he could make a better departure for Hanzo, which does not violate this hope, but is an excellent movie and is in a fun, but rather confusing, first chapter. quality and general fun. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and is paralleled by The Snare, and is expected to feature a film by Hanzo, but the movie changes the humorous and filthy character of the character with a pretty little formula. silent and reflective edge. The film begins with the fans of Hanzos in fear of a ghost, and usually decides that the ghost's natural knowledge is needed. It turns out that the ghost serves as the reef of stolen coins and thus develops a robbery, corruption and odor story with violent and violent results. Shintaro Katsu is horrible as Hanzo, who is unexcitingly struggling with nature's fighters and sexes, is humorous and pleasant, almost as good as a gentleman at the time of theater. social consciousness and emotional edge of personal feeling. The comedy is also well-anticipated, with his "Snake" Magobei, his momentum is likely to be a lot more fun, although his interactions with his officials are always entertaining. Although it's time-consuming, it's a bit slow and it's a bit slow in action when you're doing a lot of action. There are tones in the previous films, drawings, rhythms and smarts that remind us that The Snare and the movies are very well done, well-managed and with the initial sequential questioning. Also, director Yoshio Inoue presents the heaviest scenes of Kenji Misumi's "Sword of Justice" work with lesser-handed experimental works, and sometimes very enjoyable, with a man with a koto-tune, with fingers tied with his close-up chains Hanzo He leaves his wife, and sometimes as a weak one, as an orgy that reduces the balanced evolution of the psychedelic twisted limb. Heads and bloodshed are generally underestimated and, therefore, both of them with a stronger heart will be much less, but they are definitely the best and most vulnerable and pessimistic violence. But even in the lesser form of merchandise they are exploiting are still fun things; The planned moments are overwhelming, and there is not enough intrigue and enthusiasm, but there are also some effective surprises to overcome. It's a movie for fans, plays the work defined in the previous parts and if sweet does not work, it's spectacular. It's a second, totally enjoyable, full-blown trilogy that is perfectly pleasing to it, the second best and worth the trouble of such a thing that deserves the clock.
