Following the excellent "Goyôkiba" ("Hanzo The Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and its excellent tracking (and even sleazier) "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" ("Razor 2: The Snare", 1973), this " Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban ". "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is third, unfortunately, the latest saga, witchcraft, Hanzo "Han Razor", a well-known accountant, Ittami (a brilliant samurai accountant Shintarô Katsu). as well as its enormous sexual power. Since Nippon is a fan of the exploitation of the 1970s, "The sword of justice" became an immediate favorite for me and, therefore, I was much more than a desire to find sequel, and lately I met them. This third "Hanzo" film is just as brilliant as its predecessors, but definitely a cult piece of cinematic worship that can not be regarded as a cult fan of Japanese exploration. "Who's Got The Gold" is a bit more than a previous Hanzo film, but it is a great comedian and very humorous, and immediately begins with a strange genius: the film begins when Hanzo's two assistants see ghostly woman fishing. After having wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo emphasized that the supporters will lead them to the spotlight ... If cinema is not a wonderful experience for beginners, I do not know what it is. Shinto Katsu, one of my favorite actors, once again is the role of Hanzo, a specially written piece for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, a fatal and unhappy fellow, hates corruption and delinquents his masters, and their special interrogation technique is the rape of female suspects. Immediately asked the women questioned, because of their sexual powers and enormous penis, because they routinely train in a giant ritual. In the plot called "Who's Got The Gold", I will not give more, but I think they are as cool as the sounds. The plays are very good, and like the previous ones, there are many curious characters. This is unfortunately, the 'Hanzo' series is awesomely sleazy for the latest movie. If they did more than 20 seasons, I'd be happy to watch them! The Hanzo series are superb and the third part is slightly lower than the previous ones, it is definitely a must-have for fans of worship! Oh, how do I get more tracking!
