The Hypothèse du tableau volé / La robada de la pintura (1979) hypothesis begins in the patio of a three-story apartment parish. Inside, we gather The Collector, an elderly man, who is apparently dedicated to the research of six well-known painters of a dark painter, Tonnerre, of the Impressionist painter. A narrative repeats some epigrams on art and painting, then talks with Collector, he tells us about the painter who describes us and shows us about the scandalous scandal, and then tells us something ... <br /> <br /> While passing through the door, we enter another world, or the world, or perhaps reach the limit, other possible worlds. The collector shows us an apparently unlimited boundary, including a large tree-lined courtyard with a hill. Within these conflicts, 6 paintings survive, or half of life, travel through different tables, and the possible meaning of each painting, the whole painting, explains the complete secrecy of the paintings. , the scandal, the painters, the novel that can inspire paintings. And so, etc. Each room, each description, deepens us into a maze, and at the same time The Collector and The Narrator separate their monologues, they occasionally enter into conversation, but above all I remain separate and different. I saw this a second time, that it was so strange and powerful that it was impossible to think or write hard. If I guess all about what is added to me, the nature of artistic interpretation would be a very satir sly. Among the two illustrious and inexplicable scenes, Collector poses some plastic figurative sex. In the second, he also analyzes the photographs of the figures that reflect the silent paintings. - Then he advances through his collection, now part of a version of large-scale versions. If we think too much about it and not only enjoy it, it's just a plastic face ... <br /> <br /> I had specific decisions "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé" About ", or not, I can say that, apart from the works of Peter Greenaway's" A Walk Through H "(and of that time) work, I am rarely fascinated by something so deep, so serious, so intense ... and heartily, so bad and funny .
