The project was originally created as a version of the famous SlamDunk Japanese manga. This is not something new to Jay Chou, who made his debut film at the beginning of the beginning of a famous manga, which plays a character. On the way, kung fu was decided to enter the film, so the title, although the idea was not very original, in line with Stephen Chow's Shaolin Football, combined with martial arts and ball games. <br /> <br /> However, fortunately, they kept the scene that had the most effect on kung fu games. , and Kung Fu Dunk, because they are not really necessary, because they do not add much more to the plot, much without much excitement, and most often they offered some hilarious laughs and Stephen Chow recalled about the era of kung fu football . Does Jay Chou feel the role he plays as Fang Shi-jie as a martial artist, not as martial arts (as soon as the Golden Curse?) Was the first time he fought, and was under the leadership of Ching Siu-Tung. It really looks like a credible, as many trash gangs as she sees in a bar, just to know who the boss knows. <br /> <br /> That was almost why his character is a kung fu practitioner, and that's why. giving an excuse for a top shot so that the rings can be shot at almost any angle. And since Eric Tsang's Chen-Li is a small season, becoming an agent and becoming his agent, he enters a university to play Varsity basketball, but not the captain of the Ting-wei team (Chen Bo-Lin) and the team Xiao - The protagonist (Chen Baron, his screen debut). But you know the members of the same party, but it is not long ago that they combine their forces to bring the opponents to the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I'll take the neck to this movie as it was the goal of basketball soccer. This sport was a good example for charismatic characters, though it was considered so cool and unlovial in court. Here, special effects and wire-work were used to make the actors appear to be top-notch players of the NBA League, and they seem honestly surprising, especially when they imitate extreme movements and move on stage combinations with technology and progress. So, actually, kung fu items do not really have to be a movie. It can justify the work of the tasks because most of the movements are based on reality, while refusing to wait for the feet of the average height, the professional height for kicking that height for professional. <Br /> <br /> Mercy, it's just a few games, after a lot of sub-points, but each one is poorly developed and the story is full and enjoyable. She abandoned things like Shi-Jie to use basketball games, go to her parents one day, engage in gangsterism games, and cause Charlene Choi's love life to look good on another vase. Everyone goes a bit cool, adding depth to the most important characters. One of the key issues here is to have teamwork of importance rather than individual talents and abilities, and it could be much stronger when players interact much more than themselves and only during theirs. Competitive games, excluding five high-level and friendly crossings. <br /> <br /> Using a $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where to go, especially a fantastic massive sequence. the decisive point of the film. It's perfectly perfect, it's nice to look and certify its quality alone, but I would like to emphasize again, even without these elements, that the same stunts of basketball turn into a great basketball movie. And playing Jay Chou with your team is a great boost to the box office success.
