Lost, the best ever t.v series. The story is clear and when all your questions are answered, we are seeing a passage, there are 100 more questions. If we continue to miss wonderful ways and do not get carried away without excess, we will stagger it as we will ever see. The inhabitants of a plane crash must live together on a remote island, special and dangerous threats around the world. After reading this, do you think how interesting this may be? and your answer, every time, SO FAR has always been a surprise, you always question yourself why it happened and what will happen next, it will happen very unexpectedly and the story is surprisingly much more safe! The series just add you, incredibly and highly addictive. The story that fights wonderful creators and casts creates a very compelling story. The miss is incredible, amazing, very funny, it's high, it's better. However, you never want to put it. <br /> <br /> The profit of other shows has been lost. And if you hate or criticize, you do not know how to watch or watch the drama. He just misses it, he thinks he has a series that continues for so long that he can not continue. But not! However, it's like you're never thinking of. "All things happen for one reason." And that really is shown in series. Finally, you will arrive at a point, add footprints and everything that happened or done. How you changed the characters and how and why you feel and realize it. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: you see something you do not see, something great or character on the island has happened. Somebody is expected You see a great tour that can change or change everything. You hear your mix of thinking, you wonder what will happen next. He plays your heart. Shining 30 minutes: you see the perfect scenes, the voltage building, Michael Giacchino's wonderful music. You see a breath of fancy flash, a spectacular performance. It looks cool and cold and then it becomes tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone shows that they are addictive, they can not get enough, they can admire each minute and they can "Wait for the next episode, speaking 24/7. Too many others is this series. Once you see it, you will not get enough.The creators made a great job: the loss is totally unique and original, you will not see anything like that. "Flashbacks and flashforwards" and something important and different each season, the clear idea that sucks your thoughts. like "LOST", something very interesting and always to remember: the world is shocked by the new generation of the science-fiction dramatics of the TV. Instantaneous classics before reaching the audience. <br /> <br /> Are you sure you missed out on 5-star reviews? You have heard that you are not annoyed by your friend, so what is it stop watching? <br /> <br /> Every episode brings something new and e It's not better and better, you're interested in moving forward, you learn things on the island or think about it. The character becomes very enjoyable and you want to see your favorite type of criticism, for more details, how to develop relationships between characters, how to look at them and how to learn Iceland's challenges. Anyway, the drama and the series are wonderful. I think that lost hope is just that it is not going to come and go away in episodes. So if you do not see the lost, read the initial comment again and change your opinion. It's believing to be watched; so you never know until you do not see it. I recommend this series masterpiece: LOST !! start watching !!! You have not seen anything PERTUA !!!
