"Holly" is a story of a little girl who has sold a poor family and is going to smuggle across the border in Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the wicked villain of "K11". In the film, Holly expects money to be sold for his virginity and loses his money when he loses money and friends through money and friends. Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond over their "stubbornness", but all of this is interrupted when Holly is selling a child's dealer and disappears. As part of the film, Patrick is looking to find Holly. Holly then shows his willingness to abandon this lifestyle, but the confusion about what he is doing. "Holly" walks through beautiful and harsh Cambodia, because HOLLY is not the only girl. Every year it is the voice of millions of children who are not exploited or scratch. Without rights and protection without protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less than what is suggested by this subject, such as documentary and sexual trafficking for 4-year-olds, but it is clear that prostitution in Cambodia / Vietnam's children's traffic is clear. It is a moving story that is struggling to find out about the awful situation and confrontational struggles that many children face and what happens. <br /> <br /> Patrick is an American actor in the movie. The stolen item distributor, also loses money and friends while playing the cards and joins the bar fighters. On the trip, the engine exhausts the fuel and has to rent a house on the border. During his stay, Holly finds a twelve-year-old girl who sold her parents and makes slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin their friendship and trust in understanding. She finds a girl who is under the traumatized girl, a hard-hitting and hard-hearted, decision-maker, even though she does not play nearly all Platonic aesthetic relationships. When suddenly it disappears, it begins a journey to monitor it, without thinking it can really help. <br /> <br /> Holly can run on another brothel, jump out of the truck when he jumps out of the truck. And it goes into a field filled with mines. One cow starts the pain and the truck driver thinks he is dead and so Holly is left alone. During his trip to Emergency Patrick, he knows the social worker, gives him some reasonable words and hinders Cambodia's provincial district. The idea of ​​paying freedom will cause the request, he says: in Cambodia prostitution, 30,000 children - 60,000 would be next year. "I do not want to save 60,000," he said, "I want to keep one." Patrick warns that security is being called while thinking that social workers do not accept the US and, if they say that they need to keep a child for five minutes, they need to be re-accessed for five years. in society The information is not affected by Patrick and he is looking to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The listener reveals that Holly moves to a small town and seeks food for other homeless children. Then, a local police officer who sees better than criminals who have a shack, they sell to another prostitution and then make an agreement with a bizarre company that is aware of the virus. Holly seems to believe this is because of his destiny and eventually Patrick finds his, "Yum Yum" and "boom boom" want to be his remote friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but does not encourage anything in the plan he wants to take from this world. In the end, he stole himself and leads him to a safe land of social worker comfort. The body is given fresh clothes, if it eats it and leads to a dance class, but it is forbidden to see Patrick. The intense desire that Patrick wants to be in the comfort of friendship escapes from home and returns to Cambodia's streets. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick needs to leave the country and the decision must escape. Stay in the United States or Cambodia. Her thoughts go back to Holly and continue to visit a bar; Seeing an older man watching the image and making comments about sexual hunger with him / her. This makes Patrick angry and touches the man and the bar goes out. In the end, a police Patrick caught Holly, who is hiding behind a pole. The movie "Holly" aims to give money to the organizations that make money. young people, and even a campaign to reduce the number of border brothels, but the dramatic vulnerability of the film can reduce the chance of reducing people's diminished numbers. Overall, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it's not as moving as the movie. The actors made a great job of showing young emotions that affect young people's lives, but, in the end, the bizarre lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of parents who sell their children. Self-appetite does not help in children's situations.
