After enjoying the show of these years, I hope to see it again and share it with my grandchildren. I am so happy for the small amounts of memories that I have recorded on the DVD. Florida looked after her mother, lovingly marrying her husband, as a spoiled, beautiful daughter and two daughters both day and night. Michael, the child's daughter is freedom and JJ is a clown. I know a lot of Afro-Americans did not like this show, but I know they should relate and admit it a lot. I felt my heart sad when I passed Ester Rolle. Today, Tyler Perry is the leading actress and I accept her work, but it's not Rolle's mocking in her theater so cruel. No one needs to hear the ugly things about physical appearance. The show was less interested when Daddy James died. He once again regained Floridara, but he was not there when he was there. In all, the show was superb and I'm glad I had some parts of my past. I want to continue working on the good times of the Good Times, and I must say that there are no rumors. Today's kids will enjoy this show and I will not be able to sit and watch for children. Congratulations to the writer, the crew and the stars, I have recovered the memories of the years that can be renewed, without having to skip the scene. <br /> <br /> I watch shows every now and then. In recent years, it has come to my mind that the series has come to my mind, but I did not like it. I think that with the money they made, Florida was a little bit hard. It was not a fact that kids did not have to supervise, but this happened to make Florida's mother different. The scenes that Florida has told people had to talk about non-good ways. When James was alive, the show made James a big thing for his own Fix-it shop, but he never lived in projects to see his family, but he married a store owner from Florida. The actress had to face the actor a bit to his face, proving that he had achieved everything that Good Times had accomplished. Eventually, while I see the shows, I see that the series are overtime and I know them as "JJ". To be true, when James left everything that was around JJ. Not the bad, the most obvious. I would not market my DVDs for the amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to drive my eyes a while.
