Forbidden Planet is a type of science fiction film, especially in the 1950s. The day of the Earth stopped and the world war was on the day, but you might not forget about this treasure that Shakespeare's The Tempest's story has taken to tell a story about a astronaut who has a physician's planet. breakthrough The look is not so great (although in 1956, it is very surprising to see some of these giant machine-generated machines, but emphasizing the characters and their themes). a technology that is far removed from the primitive aspect of human nature, although we do not know because we are focusing on it, <br /> <br /> on the surface - that is, in ten minutes, this is standard, if it worked professionally and directed it rather than B movies of the time with better skills. An astronauts ship is in a mission to go to the Altair-4 plans to bring a decade before an extinction expedition. But he left alone with Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, in some way, the others were killed before an attack. Morbius is an intelligent and intelligent man, and his technology is so impressive, that Skipper-led astronauts (Leslie Nielsen) can only make the most of Earth's mainstream. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - something that kills the ship's crew, one by one, every night, when others observe it and then put on an invisible electric fence. something invisible is easy to pass. In the meantime, there are probably some loves between Skipper and Alraira, and the doctor's atmosphere is more intense: you should not go to the plans and now you have to go. What's happening is more fascinating, only in purely intellectual level, but the Debt Plan never forgets that its viewers should be entertained by this story to get some ideas. We all remember Robbie Robot and, for good reason, perhaps it is an unforgettable image for me on the screen, a monster-minded crew, animated red electric power and a fantastic fantasy look. <br /> <br /> Pidgeon's performance is subtle: they would not be expected to be evil, even though it is something that the character and the performance they report on it, and that at the end the character is far away. More than one more complex than expected. Other performances can work, but excellent, as a leader at Holliman with Nielsen Holliman, gives a great deal of comic relief to the chef (I have to add it, because it helps one of the funniest scenes in this movie). And the effects of his time are extraordinary (nostalgic sophisticated soup today) and music, electronics, "tone" is beautiful. But, ultimately, Hilcox's script and directorate is very careful, which surpasses the B-movie. When he wants to be fun, he is deliberately doing so and works. Dramatic, it is quite well connected to the actors at the toughest moments. When thinking about the horrible situation, gradually, it is injected into hues, faces or with great action. <br /> <br /> Another inspiration for science fiction films. And thoughtful science fiction stories and ancient books are a fine marker, classy and entertaining classical.
