At first I should say a lot of things that I like about "Forbidden Age", and I definitely think it's a classic science-fiction movie for many reasons. However, I think it's a bit of a passion over the years. He has said less authority than Leonard de Malta "Forbidden Planet" "... one of the great and most intelligent souls of his genre." An ambitious, undoubtedly intelligent part of the Festival, at which point he was the most famous science-fiction film and a very budget. It was costing $ 2 million (that is, in 1956), MGM stopped all stays on a big screen, before using it on the big screen, working with some of the studio artists like Disney, special effects more elaborate, 'Charm' is not usually The word used to describe special effects in science fiction films, but here's a good idea: even though the horrendous "Monster from Id" Disney cartoon is just a well-rendered cartoon that does not have an age of 8 years. I notice patterns, costumes, etc., I do not like anything that reminds me of "Oztar's Wizard" The beautiful saturated flowers and the effects are not always persuasive. There has been so much work in these jobs, which strives to admire the effort, whatever. 'Forbidden Planet' is wonderful. The scenes are made in scenarios of apparent scenarios, that is, painted matte paintings on the background of planets and spaces, and designed by the magnificent sand and miniature moon to give an illusion of depth. The stage you will see is like watching the stage without a play. The most credible and most convincing scenes are probably part of the massive Krell complex; The plans that show the wide depth and breadth of this inner space are well-crafted and credible. But then we'll get to the actors, damned. The performances are almost incredible, though it is fair to say that the conversation is more than the level of humor in the adolescent's changing rooms, except for a few exceptions of scientific technology. Even if the actress Walter Pidgeon is also restricted to theatrical theater, sometimes it is insolent. Leslie Nielsen, a very young J.J. He has a commander in space. Adams, and does not believe the whole movie is full of credibility or belief. It seems instinctively, thirty years before, that his true desire was "comedy", it seems that at some time he can not have a straight face to keep his lines recited. Every necessary reaction, whether anger or passion or meditation is solemn, seems like a high school theater. Anne Francis, very young, is a bit better than Alta, who is supposed to be innocent, because he has never seen a male man with his father's face appearing on space crews. (Alta Morbius, now a name is for you). Unfortunately, even this early age, Anne Francis seems virgin and naive about Elizabeth Taylor 'Butterfield 8.'. There's a good story here, as regards Cook's cookie in Alta-Holliman, Altaia is buried beneath a sub-infrastructure of other youngsters. (Holliman also plays a great role. I think these actors go straight from this movie to school.) Based on Shakespeare's 'The Tempest', Krell, and the fantasy world of fantasy machines. Because most people remember the 'forbidden planet' and have a good reason. In a few minutes, here and there, you have forgotten the rest of the movie and you can delight the conception of the complex underground Krell of Disney artists. Is it enough to fix the rest of the film? You have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course Robby Robot is the idea about the robot's appearance and talk in the 1950's. It's fun In places. So, the 'Forbidden Planet' bag for me is very and very confusing. It's worth the credit for science fiction films and inspiration for many television shows, such as 'Star Trek'. However, I would think that anyone who thinks more than the thought of comic science fiction.
