The Forbidden Planet is a science fiction technique that is milestone, paying close attention to the "hard" aspects of the genre (science, fantasy, nerd nerd), playing with images and ideas of the 50s. The Morbius house is isolated, a model of modern design, with open spaces, in a garden, in the pool and in household electrical appliances: Robby the Robot. "The dream of a housewife!" After lunch, it shows the ability to extract tufts and the ability to synthesize the food of the robot and the dissolution of waste. <br /> <br /> It was also revealed in the 1950s: Fruity's psychology will explain the Id in the explanation, even if Morbius ignores the concept. There is a touch of a dramatic Pacific drama with the monster that is visible and the life that goes with the dish. Perhaps, at that time Science is feared by the enemy, and scientists will be amazed by their knowledge. <br /> <br /> However, Forbidden Planet's suburban drama seems unique. sci-fi genre. They are not ridiculous or heroes, but ordinary sailors go through the galaxy with sincerity and sincerity. Good guys drive an airplane dish, and foreigners leave so much, although we do not know what they looked like, even if Bebe and Louis Barron's "atmospheric tone" were a futuristic musical. Morbius's home-view is a strange cliff and a pink bay that is really strange. The interior of the dish is located next to Buck Rogers. She enjoys a lot of sight. If we get wonderful monsters and amazing robots for wonderful worlds, Forbidden Planet is a brain movie, slow and talky rhythm. He is working on several levels at the same time: hard science fiction against adventure of space, philosophical home. <br /> <br /> There are many casual touches. Despite all the space discussions, the soldiers are dressed in golf course. Morbius's serious discovery is a modest educational facility, a school house. Morbius Daughter Altaira is the most interesting aspect. As man has never seen, he sends him to the crew without any shame. It is a Madonna-teenage girl who designs clothes for girls and allows them to change all their clothes. Imagine the Christina Aguilera home replicator. Men who watch the movie can see a naughty little girl in a minifress, but every woman knows that there is no naive girl in a minister. Anne Francis deserves better recognition by humiliating Leut kisses. But we never know how he suspected he was "working", because the Captain is interrupted and then becomes more interesting. It is a character that makes a significant change in the film. When he realized that his father's death was compared to other embedies in his landing party, his father moved away from his home to leave with the sailors of the Earth. The challenge, this maturity action is the sending of Morbius' Idar, that is, as Krell did thousands of centuries ago. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell also had teenage daughters ...?
