I am always frustrated that most science fiction films are Western intergalactic or war drams. Although Star Wars has an excellent vision, its central image has a gang of "futuristic" "can not shoot". Imagine finding about 600 people with your usual weapons, most of them with an open kick and missing them. <br /> <br /> I have read a lot of science fiction and I want more movies for those who think about it. Forbidden Planet, one of the first genres, is still the best. This story is based on a long civilization that has disappeared, Krell, who created the machine, by means of quantum jumps by any creature's mind. Unfortunately, why not think about it, the brain is another thinking center, rather than intellectual. The primitive aspect of the brain, as the so-called Idea, as called by Freud, can not be controlled. Sleep is released, bad dream reaches body existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the brain that has taken him to that level and with it he has built machines and defenses in the face of the horrors of himself. His thoughts soon create horrors, he will not be able to defend him. Krell, a much larger species, could not stop; he destroyed them The landing party never had much interest. The other actors are quite variable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naïve and, undoubtedly, in the 1950s she would give a teenage boy a relatively new reaction. His father's plague increases his innocence and the 1950s astronauts (construction workers are more than astronauts). They always try to represent "ladies". The chef is a great character with his obsession. Robbie the Robot has much more personality than the crew, and asks Spock that he might not be a friend of literary thinking for this artificial creature. The whole movie is very enjoyable because this is a star of the situation. Morbius can not go back and, therefore, with the intention of destroying it with him and all. There are several science fiction films that deserve more than one occasion; this XXI. You can take it to the century.
