On March 27, 1957, in the Oscars ceremony, Dorothy Malone, best-known Oscar nominee, was portrayed as a ruined legacy of a Texas oil tyrant that won the Oscars. The 1956 potato croaker adapted to Robert Wilde's novel was a true three-ring circus to show alcoholism, delirium, impossibility, and ninfomania. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Malone Marylee Hadley, who plays a rich and lonely man. The damage to the old childhood upheaval damaged the movie as a whole. Until the melodramatic "melodramatic" melodrama enjoying a seemingly enjoyable look, a man from WRITTEN ON THE WIND, Douglas Sirk, is a great buyer of the first generation of World War Weimar German emigrant. Hollywood theater heritage in Europe. <br /> <br /> Eager man, Sirk took his name in the 1950s as a reliable director of Universal Studios soap opera, especially with Ross Hunter's productions. MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION, ALL HEAVY STAGES AND LIFE INSTANT. An independent producer, Albert Zugsmith, Universal's limited access to Universal's entertainment allowed him to work outside, creating a "sensation" product, then WIND prowess and TARNISHED ANGELS in 1957, both published under Universal International . . Anyone guesses why Sirk did not get the biggest issues, but he dares to dramatize the dramatic roles of his artistic sensibilities. USE OF THE USE OF THE Sirk could be an epic opera epic; Indeed, it is so vulnerable that human vulnerability and neuroses are very rich, perhaps even more compelling than any real life that is experienced among rich and famous. Robert Stack (commonly known as an actor) almost coincides with the intensity of Malone, the weak sister Kyle Hadley, with the offer of her patriarchal patriotic shadow. With his new bride (Lauren Bacall beautifully leonine) unable to impregnate, Hadley comes out from the end, escalating serious drinking problems to make a bombardment of the human warfare to "immerse" a fetish boot. Both brothers and sisters, both evil and not, are presented as victims of the past, and they give them a human quality that seems so harmful (and much more interesting than the good of the family, especially Bacall and Rock Hudson, young Hadley's youngest friend and business partner, the elderly and the desire of Malon to be impossible at the same time. It will be recorded here as filmed, Sirk for real drawing and editing, Sirk directs his audience with the great Technicolor cinematic imaginable, tank-like a pink Cadillac faces the impressive mansion of luxury luxurious luxury hotels, almost dazzling almost their diversity, and the dramatic scene Sirken's camera tilting angles, shades of light and cross-cut, allowing Malone to reveal the biggest scene of a rebel and drunken dancer. who has a dance in his upper room room what happens my father climbs up the steep staircase; The scene is so huge that you swear that you are spreading a great edipo drama. What you really see is a rude form of a fun way, immersed in Technicolor's crust and a visual genius until it softens perfection.
