What a great movie. I confess that it is very ambitious with the subject. It's a feature film of over two and a half hours. But none of these pointers is any mistake. Cry Freedom, despite the small mistakes that may be, Steve Biko's black activist story is the story of a black-and-white actor who struggled with the rage of apartheid in South Africa. It is true that, in the first half, they are stronger than the latter in terms of their emotional impact. People have also complained that the movie is not sufficient enough for Woods. It may be wrong, but it's a story of Bits, it's called Woods; So Woods is an important character in transmitting the story of Biko to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom looks spectacular. The cinematographic exhibition stop and the amazing landscapes of South Africa was a visual party. Especially the first scenes were filmed. George Fenton's music brought true dramatic weight to most scenes. In the second half the scene was subtle, but the crowd scene was exciting and dramatic. The script was an excellent quality, with the Biko's seating scenes that were enough to really believe that this wow is a real quality thing. In the first part the main Biko was feeling something constant. Whether it was attacks by South African citizens or whether it was either Death. Donald Woods has less emotion in the second half than in the second half, but it is offset by what he has shot, done and written. In addition, they are also really fragile parts. <br /> <br /> The whole cast, from the smallest character to the two directors, was a great performance, it was not a bad performance. That is to say, without taking accents, but it is easy for you to draw your own performances. Denzel Washington in one of his most brilliant shows, is as compelling as Biko, and Kevin Kline shows he's good. as a drama for the comedian, because he gave him an appropriate benefit like Washington. And the chemistry of two men is compelling and never be considered a false note. Penelope Wilton is as beautiful as Wendy's wife and she is a great actor anyway. Before the theater, and the possible bias, there are two that stand out to me. One was relished by Timothy West, whose role Captain DeWet was. The other, with a shockingly cold role in Kruger, was John Thaw sensational. Lord Richard Attenborough's usual direction and sensitive attention. <br /> <br /> In general, a wonderful movie. It's ambition and long, but it's never been compelling, powerful and achingly moving. Lord Richard Attenborough is definitely worth the winner and praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
