Somehow, Kriemhild's Wrath overcomes Siegfried's death, but also loses the greatness of the movie. This argument is more cohesive than the first, that is, it's amazing. In the second half of the real poem it is much worse and much harder, until it reaches the scenic climatic battles. Only icicles are better. Lang and Harbou improved with Huns. The Nibelungenlied poet's compiler did not know Hun's right-handed ball, and consequently the customs are the same as the Burgundian. For example, if the poet describes Etzel's god (that is, Kriemhild's main concern when Rudiger tries to marry him), when he arrives to Hunland, he's first to pass the masses. These are clearly pagans; They are almost like wild men. Their representation is the horny one, especially Verbal, joke, with two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character has been given more weight. It's more fun He only makes his poem the original poem. Lang and Harbou have the masters to build a suspense, especially in the scene of banquets, which connects Verbal's second performance with the amazing effect. However, as far as the nature of this half-poem is concerned, the great technical achievement of the film is lacking, most of all, except for a wonderful sequence that includes Etzel's rooms in Nibelungs. One thing that must be tackled is how Harbou modifies at the end. SPOILERS: The poem, taken after Hildebrand Hagen and Gunther, are imprisoned. Kriemhild visited Hagen and asked where he was hiding. He refuses to write down his brother. When Hagen still refuses, he removes it. Hildebrand (or probably Dietrich) feels so bad that he would suppose that a woman would kill a large warrior, at the same time, that she herself decapitated, called the "Woman of the Devil." Etzel, here much weaker than in the poem, says foolish: "Ah!" I understand why they wanted the time and place to maintain unity as Hildebrand leaves from the castle; The films for storing two death jail settings would be highly anti-climactic. I understand why Hildebrand did not kill Kriemhild: his character was much reduced here; his name is mentioned only once. But killing Kriemhild, taking Brynhild's death through Icelandic sources, is directed to the public rather than being questioned. Poem's point is that Kriemhild's wrath goes far beyond the wickedness. Here we have lost her love, lost her love. It's not interesting.
