Please see also My Divine Nibelung Part 1: Siegfried. In this sense, the second part of the second production of the Nibelung saga of the UFA studio is characterized by the style, symphony and emotion of its previous. However, while the first part is a passionate portrait of individual acts of heroism, the second part is a chaotic representation of large-scale bleeding. As the first part, the director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm. the rhythm of the action and the complexity of the composition go down and fall sharply as the tone of each scene demands. These photos will only be seen with the excellent score of Gottfried Huppertz, fortunately on Kino DVD. Now, with a focus on mass activities, Lang presents great challenges in staging. The sequences of the functions of the first functions were poorly built, but now it only makes part of this rhythmic flow, raising the level of activity on the screen as the orchestra. <br /> <br /> But as part of Siegfried's adventures were true and unmistakable witnesses witnessed. In the second part, the war is presented as a destructive tragedy. In both photos, the emotional connection with the person is deliberate. That's why the camera maintains most of the camera activity, which lets us never feel (and this is important because the viewers have Lang's work separation). That's why performances are not reasonable performances, because the cast of the actors are overwhelmed with snow. <br /> <br /> However, the revenge of Kriemhild is constantly confronting emotions and is very humanistic. Naturalism is for a moment when Atilla is having her first child, and Lang tells the tenderness of this scene to build a hunts of wild, frantic huns. The point is that Lang never manipulates us from us, and vice versa, this version is much more like Wagner opera than the original saga. Fighting battle is the same as the antithesis of a battle scene scene. Why did Hitler and colleagues? so bad to see, that the reputation of these films was badly upset? Unbelievable racial ideology of the nations automatically saw the Nibelungs as good people, even though their babies die and their relatives accuse each other. For Hitler, their fall would always be a nationalist tragedy, not a man. <br /> <br /> But non-Nazi viewers for us, this image is nice with the beautiful sense of pageantry and music. When you see silent photos of Lang's, you realize it was wasted in Hollywood. In addition to skipping low budget potoileras, they forced them to work with some of these epic swords and sandals, images that should be incredible and have images that need to be moved emotionally, where it is poetic. , the operating tone that causes it.
