Song 1: With Kriemhild Siegfried and how he pleaded for Attila Woos, his wife was saddened by Rüdiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) would love to be the murderer of his beloved husband Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow). King Gunther (Theodor Loos) refuses his request. King Huns Halei has made it through Kriemhild that his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar could swear in his name, he would never do any harm. Hagen Tronje hides the Nibelungos treasure at the bottom of the lake. <br /> <br /> Singing 2: How Kriemhild was born in his hometown and how King Attila received: Sigrfild brings Siegfried to the ground and goes to Huns Court. In which Mr. Attilus welcomes him and commits himself to defending himself. Canto 3: How Attilus besieged the King in Rome and how Kriemhild called his brothers: Kriemhild is a baby, Attilus returns to his kingdom and Kriemhild asks him what he would like. His brother asked him to invite him to his kingdom. Canto 4: How does his brother receive Kriemhild: Kriemhild means that he is the head of Hagen Tronje, but his brothers keep up their friendship again. do not accept your request. <br /> <br /> Singing 5: how they celebrated the summer solstice with the Nibelunga: Kriemhild calls on Attila to kill Hagen Tronje, but refuses it according to the laws of the desert. He is considered a sacred guest. Kriemhild has been the head of Hagen Tronje for Hums. There is a fight and dies the son of Hagen Tronje Attilia. Canto 6: Nibelungen's Distress: They lose Nibelungs, but besieged Attilia's castle. Kriemhild commits herself to save her life if she distributes Hagen Tronje, but her brother Gunther says the Germans are loyal to their friends. Song 7: The Nibelungen's End: Rüdiger von Bechlarn, after Giselher died. and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther finally got caught. Kriemhild Hagen Tronje dies when the revenge ends with the destruction of Nibelung. <br /> <br /> The poem of Siegfried's "Kriemhild's Revenge" is also told through seven dramatic songs. The first part is the story of fantasy, adventure, love and betrayal. The second part is a dramatic story of hatred, revenge and loyalty. With the perfect development of the characters, a great script, the great performance of the cast and another time that Fritz Lang's excellent director had produced. Margarete Schön is an impressive woman who is immersed in revenge. The costumes that Kriemhild wears are also very impressive, and his performance is on his face and appearance. When I was a bit disappointed when he was a little disappointed when he reacted to his son, only one son, it seemed very passive to me. My votes are eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Los Nibelungos Parte II: La revancha de Kriemshild" ("Nibelungak II revenge Kriemhild")
