A lively and hilarious tale of jealousy and infidelity that conceals the beetle is the animation of early animation, a pioneering animation for Russian animation by Wladyslaw Starewicz, the "Mest cinematograficheskogo operaratora" ("The Cameraman's Revenge" or "The Revenge of Kinematograph Kamaraman"). A stop-motion puppet very efficient and inadequate imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have a completely innocent wedding, and both live with greater enthusiasm. Mr. Beetle's desire will only be filled with the exotic dancers of the night club "Gay Dragonfly" when he visits a "business trip". He is the only one who understands it. This dancer, an aggressive bullshit, an admiring lover, jealous that Mr. Beetle stole his wife, and fate, as the case may be, is a movie camera. Mr Grasshopper Mr. Beetle and hotel rooms know where he exploits his exploits through the hole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Mrs. Beetle, in turn, adds her life to her friend's emotion. . He is an artist and takes a painting to make a gift, in both of them with intimacy on the couch. At that moment, Mr. Beetle will return home and witness the show. Mr. While Beetle goes into the front, the artist passes friends over the fireplace, but the beetle will not escape first by revealing his anger and frustration. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and leads him to the film." Forgiveness is generous, and yet, it has been roughly the same. At this time, however, we should still not forget about the jealous film that filmed his revenge, and it is not surprising that Mr and Mrs. He was a projectionist of Beetle. Suddenly, in the film they are enjoying, Beetle's footage is infused with an umbrella, and his wife is angry with his umbrella, his husband angry and angry, dives in front of the theater screen. > <br /> In the last scene, Mr Beetle and Mrs., now they are each other, are being placed in jail, beetle Mr. When Beetle sought the last revenge. Do we expect "Will Kut's home life be less exciting in the future?" This movie seems to be a mere story entry of insect infrequent species and stories, but communicates much more than Starewicz. This is not a story about a beetle? It's a story about us. And the exact thing is amazing, right?
