If it had been an original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY in 1914 (also featuring Mary Pickford), I would probably be much better, this extreme melodrama and feeling was typical of teens. However, in 1922, this movie has already begun showing. On the other hand, with Mrs. Pickford's other films (for example, DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS is short, and all Pickford films are not worth a 10 (even if it's "America's Sweetheart"). It's definitely a bad movie, but I can not see the movie that has given so many movies. <br /> <br /> The film has a long and complicated plot - especially when most of the time movies were shorter. Rich old people rich One builds a house built on a hill next to the river, and there are some occupations we hate at the bottom of the hill, but it can not get rid of it, so it ends up trying to get out of the ground, it ends with a tragedy when the daughters of fiancée daughters fight dying. The old man accused is the dear father of Mary, though innocent. To be a little worse, the only witness of the murder will not be spoken, and the dead in pregnancy he got it! So, at this time, an innocent man is going to be imprisoned and he is afraid of a pregnant woman telling his father with sanctity "as a family." There is another ton of the movie, for example, the son of the two who is in love with Mary, but it's better to see just the movie. <br /> <br /> The film stands out somehow. On the plot, although very complex, it is interesting and cinematography is high. The last scene is very nice. However, there is not much sensitive feeling with a knife you can almost cut it. Mary is very good and she is very sweet and, therefore, happy, sometimes the hardness of the audience is very difficult. He did a great job in 1922 (the biggest star in the world), now very dated. This is not true in all his films, but this is definitely. <br /> <br /> By the way, Image Entertainment DVD has a decent quality, even though some scenes are badly degraded. very surprising given the age of the movie. In addition, short films are also included.
