Madhur Bhandar is a film that explains the life of the rich and famous, giving commentary on today's journalism. <br /> <br /> The party of celebrations loves endlessly in those aspects. and get exposure to the media. In fact, the film believes that this exhibition is extracted from society by society and newspapers have a great deal of interest. The synergy between prestigious IMO and media is much more and the "I need you, you need" is a kind of relationship. However, the media need more celebrities and not vice versa. However, the social column is continuously being thrown away (page 3 of the newspaper) Konkana Sen Sharma Reporter. He is the founder of this celebrity and is very popular in the social gathering. Has a good friend with Abhijeet gayan and Rohit model (Bikram Saluja). Are there rooms with air-conditioning? sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The newspaper editor is Boman Iran, and is a royal attack by Atul Kulkarni. The movie has a plot deviation and too many characters but it works at a certain level. Older people are rotting to the bulk of their lives, most of them like losing seats, exploitation of power, hunger for media exposure. All this is homosexuality. It seems like homosexual encounters with story or plot, drug consumption, pedophilia, police "encounter" deaths. For this pearl to be a wealthy husband, a social daughter who joins a car in a sexual encounter, the red woman, all of us seeming to be a good man, seems to be well ill. <br /> <br /> Konkana Sen Sharma has a very good film, Atul Kulkarni has almost no roles? I think it's a pity. But young supporters have more power (Boman Iran is very good). That's what movies keep for me. Mr. Bhandar puts more ways than chewing or processing celluloid and makes it free for all movies. I would like to focus on one or two aspects of social illnesses and look more efficiently. He reaffirmed the exploitation of society, but he exploited all the necessary ingredients for a successful film. Within the Bollywood theme party, we have a number of elements. Children do drugs to make a perfect dance to the west. I hope Madhur Bhandarkar is daring too much with the more stereotypical Hindi film components. The film is a daring effort (although it's wrong), definitely worth the clock.
