Page 3 Madhur Bhandar is one of the films that showcase social dirt. The movie is compelling, but like most Bhandar films, it's one side and very pessimistic. This movie is about the journalism, applause, celebrities on the Tabloid. The film explains the life of societies with a proud and unique life. They celebrate the festivity, they are only in charge of fame, they plan for the funeral, demand more money and greater popularity, to get exposure to the media, their names will be printed in the daily newspaper. The column called "3 page" with large photos, which will be the focus of people's debate. They look for attention, they are salty and hypocrites. Film production is noisy as the former ice cream is a common phenomenon among filmmakers. In it, our beautiful hero, a young reporter from the social network of Madhvi Sharma. Everyone in Mumbai is dependent on his articles and you are the person who is friendly to those parties if you want to mention in your article. Later in the film, Madhvi's friends are not too big in society. This was hard for me, even though it was a bold movie, and the issues that are of interest to you. <br /> <br /> The movie's music is average. The songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, two tunes, respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. "Filmy Very Filmy" is a particularly awesome song. The writing of the movie is pretty good. In the second half, it is much better than the first one, because it becomes more and more important, such as terrorism and child abuse. In it, the movies must be applauded. It was sad to know that people preferred to discard these crimes, and the nature of Konkona Sen Sharma was very easy. It has been brilliant throughout the film, and the last scenes were very impressive. Atul Kulkarni's role was very small, but he did all the justice. Boman Iranik is the editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul are fairies, married to the elderly Pearl of Madhvi, married to an elderly man with the money, and that's enough to accept it. The end of the film is very well done, and it is given by sorcery after a dreadful process. Page 3 is a good, interesting and sometimes moving film, but an overwhelming portrayal of the quality and level of interest of its rich and famous, is too confusing and negative.
