I do not have that summary and I do not vote! Video distributors have merely embroidered a typical 80s male movie, but it is the biggest parody of the horror genre that you can imagine when "Blazing Saddles" made a western horror film. I have seen many comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange, etc. (Normally not to be impressed), and comics must be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors to work on; It's a good thing to touch things to succeed, and that's part of having good ideas. "Full Moon High" is the perfect idea, precisely because "Zucker / Abrams" "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" can be shy. One of them was the presence of Ed McMahon as the right crackpot in the style of John Birch. The jokes, the non-sequential, the wise and the word games are constantly stopping and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been thrown out. The ironic tone is like "Future." <br /> <br /> Some people (that is, almost any reviewer) should be turned off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I laughed almost laughter and this is one of those films that they never know. The situation will be mad afternoon. The curator of the movie B-movie Larry Cohen did not make a straight comedy before, it was time-consuming when he lost his time, introducing any joke that his colleagues might think. If Mel Brooks did this, the critics would nominate a comic masterpiece, but because of Cohen, he has been excluded from schlock. Critical reviews have also been called "stupid". SILLY What is a comedy serious? However, I laughed more about this movie than any other I think. All Cohen is having fun - he has included many references to making movies rented by his regular brand; He and the actress have been blown up to do this. <br /> <br /> Humor is very much Mel Brooks-ish, and loves to love Jewish humor or to watch a lot of B movies (especially for fear). in this. Trust me: the movie is not very difficult to find, and you always accept, an abdominal mountain rat without the invention of a social value - and you'll really enjoy it! <br /> A Sidenote: The movie should be historically fun, precisely because Bob Saget (in short) was the only protagonist.
