I do not know how many people have but a lot of low-budget movies, but I liked it because I'm a fan of horror. There are not many horror films out there, when I saw it on the shelf, the headline only cited my curiosity. So I wanted to check it out and I was surprised ... it's not often a low budget indie horror movie playing GREAT actor and a good story. Is it a small budget? yes Can it be a little budget? Yes ... but when you start watching the movie, you realize that story and it does not matter. I like Hip Hop music and it's a nice soundtrack! I do not know about all the worst comments on this movie. All I hear is "worse movies". Do all the movies watch these idiots? Thousands of movies are there, how can you ever classify the "worst"? A "non-movie" movie like "Zombie" may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say that I've never seen the worst film in every movie. The people who gave this short line to this short film are probably in the suburbs. Listen to the minority urban films, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc. If you want to. WHY WHO DID THIS FESTIVAL? !!! Do you know that you do not like such things? Of course, it is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but URBAN is a horror film with a multi-cultural cast. I do not like Dawson's Creek or O.C. like TV shows. They sweep films like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I Heart Huckabees". I'm a New Jersey man and they suck on shows and movies. Why? I can not associate with them. I do not emphasize my interest. It's just meaning. Believe me, I will never see GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, DO NOT USE ITEMS 2: Here's a series of torture once you've been tortured since it first sucked and HEART HUCKABORING. Now, back to this film, regarding the commentary on the saint405, I do not know if that guy was burning or drunk with creams before shooting his drunken dad, but all of them did a great job. Ricky's play (I forgot his name) made a very good actress. I am taking my theater at school and I had to make an actress that I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotional in a scene, to join the actors in the emotional scene and activate them. it off However, I liked this movie and never heard the actors and the director before, but I bet now I realize their stuff and if I read it, DO YOU USE SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
