Welcome to Oakland, where the dead are playing and puppets of DA puppies can not stop. This low-budget live production video clip seems to be one season, Land of the Dead, in line with the latest version of George A. Romero's famous series. The Ghetto setting and the hip-hop soundtrack can offer extra resources for inner city dogs. Ricky (Carl Washington) works in a medical facility while his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenagers, bored with eating macaroni and cheese dinners, hung their time at home and go to the street with Marco kev. It seems that there are not many high school retirees in the African-American school that do not have to do this in favor of the bay and fight badly amongst their domestic counterparts, including the opponents of the Latino bands. Ricky wants to sell his mother's parents home and intend to penetrate Castro Valley to middle class and probably safer environments. Unfortunately, before this happened, a unit shoot comes up with the dead Jermaine in the porch. Fortunately, Ricky tries a desperate attempt. Scotty, his assistant lab, steals some experimental formula for regenerating cells at nighttime. If the double dose does not revive Jermain, unless called to 911, there is no possibility. But a strange thing is on the way to the bunch. The boy marries the zombie and turns it off twice, the ambulatory drivers chew him out and starts tonight, taking revenge and eating fresh meat hungry. The sensation of nutrition further infects the victims and is the battlefield between the Eastern Badian and the deadly dangers of blood during the night. The horror genre has seen more than cheap fabulous films, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. Small budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Check out the Val Lewton programmers (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Dead of Isle), Roger Corman's Poe Quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and horrible is related to talent and talent. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than the last-minute horror of hundreds of millions of dollars. The plane has its charms. Really cheap movies feature actors among their true wear settings. In it, the houses of the tract houses are painted in neutral matt, as subtle, bourgeois melodrama of the 1950's by Douglas Sirk. The line seems more improvised than scripts. "What hell will we do now?" "Put any open F N open eyes open." Ricky and Scotty call the former military man, called Romero, who calls their leader. "I have a great problem with a problem that we need to take care of quickly." "It's not a problem," says the merchant, closing the phone and capturing his guns. Everyone has guns, and even more are fighting zombies on their mobile phone, who is not like today? The information is exchanged with less naturalness. "What happened?" "We came in with some sharp guile". "Leave F N 'vu. This park is a zombie again ..." Ricky should leave his girlfriend afraid, saying only: "It's been hand out." Unlike most zombie films, this is a cause. Jermain retaliates against team members who shoot their team. It's about making urban cinema, its own social commentary, almost a guerrilla production, which suggests a low-budget horror future that reflects true life instead of supernatural topicals. Quiroz brothers, who have been marked by a new movement that has marked this name, can create inspiration for storytelling of people rather than imitating the tedious Hollywood product. Given its limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have long been technically acceptable to people who know it. Rocky Robinson is a photographer, musician Eduardo Quiroz does not make Carpenter's Halloween theme easier, and The Darkroom Family and others add an hip-hop song. The result is wonderful, though it is not. They are studying their crafts, and as opposed to Lewis and Wood, it is possible to see those who are never better.
