The "racial" images have been almost since the beginning of the film business. In Romo Row model studios (most of the Caucasians) films made with virtually no mistakes in ghetto theater. In the 1970s, with a growing urban tension, the idea was revived with "blaxploitation" images. The actors in black city houses and the funky atmosphere over traditional B-movies passed. This trend has spread to even horror features, thanks to the versions of Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill, about the monster standards of the title monster. And when it was not closed with most dead city theaters? He has reached the age of video clips and gradually goes on low budgets to DVDs like this one. Ed and Jose Quiroz's deadly living Hood, horror movies take on a great reputation for public hip-hop. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist from Oakland, whose younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) has trouble making the parents die. After shooting by drug dealers Jermain, Ricky has decided to use the formula for regeneration of experimental cells, which has strived to save the lives of adolescents. Apparently, his efforts are worthless, and the body of Jermain is eliminated. However, the body is never bothered? Jermain encourages the van of the coronor, as hungry-hungry zombies. The driver dies, and then he continues his team, where he spreads the zombie infection. After listening to friends of Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) friends of his friends, Ricky has only thought of catching Jermaine and not covering all of this before her complicated Scott. (Chris Angelo) has been arrested for the damage caused. However, they soon discovered that controlling pollution spreads faster. By keeping things simple, the Quiroz team creates a horror-like fun that does not last until they start to bang things. They also add some interesting business on the way. When he faces a zombie, Scott tells Ricky: "That shot is like in the movie!" ?? The most effective way to know how to kill zombies. The first shot does not take the brain out of the brain, and the agitation of the spectator is added. Another good point is that the soundtrack only limits Eminem style rape usage by setting it to "creepy" music.
