Most of the criticisms on this website are "Hood of the Living Dead" (ie) for some of the reasons: 1) there is hardly a low budget movie; 2) It was so bad that it laughed me 3) It was something I could do myself. I will not discuss the first point, because you want low budget and independent, because it is a very subjective problem. I must say, however, that people who still sell a movie called "Hood Of the Living Dead" are surprised when they realize that Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey is not as nice as a romantic comedy. . Regarding the second point, I do not really see what makes you laugh. I like to personally laugh, and love me loves movies, comedy or horror movies. When "Hammerhead" "I saw this girl go into PUDDLE and the shark came out to eat that man, but I cracked it. And I thanked the director for making this stupid scene and gave me a mere fun for ten seconds. Honestly, I'm laughing, but I'm sorry. It seems that writing a lot of people's opinions is bad. If you were feeling sad and fearing watching the movie, "Living Dead" and low budget movies are not for you, but do not come and tell us the wonderful. We already know that, why we decided to watch the movie for the first time, however, it leaves the third point completely. Only a few years ago people had filmed the movie "Blair Witch Project", a movie that was less, less dramatic, less dramatic, than Dead of Living Dead. (and he himself takes himself seriously). Additionally, half a million YouTube go every day to YouTube "Lonelygirl15" shorts i This is a girlfriend, a room and a camera that can all be made by a webcam. Do not talk about all the video games of the amateurs you can find there. Why are not people guilty of clips for bad performances? I think that one of the best things about our time, with affordable technology and a series of friends, can do their own movies and share them with people with similar interests. And I'm sorry to admire people who make friends at weekends when they do just that kind of honest (yet refreshing) junk food just by playing commerce or video games. Let your desire to listen to your bias and film criticism by attacking b-movies, and you'll see that "Dead of the Living Dead" could be quite fun with its makers! If you like cool and enjoyable horror movies at home, I recommend "Zombies", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not look at the basement", "The worst movie ever made," " Redneck Zombies "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit ".
