This comment has a catastrophe! <br /> <br /> There are several actors whose intangibles are. The quality of the characters, panas and mixtures. It is a quality to distinguish between good acting actors. George Clooney knows and Jack Nicholson also has. You can see the look of Clooney's drawings in statements by farewell by Andy Garcia, February 11, when they say they say helplessness by their names. "Terry". "Danny". Five Easy Pieces as well as other Jack's shows you can watch A Few Good Men and her forensic interrogation scene. They just have these guys. You can add a small and exclusive list of exquisite actors with Denzel Washington. If we look at some of the Siegel frontier explosives in The Siege, Malcolm X has paid tribute to the same name as Spike Lee, today it is not a good actress. I do not mention all of this because Man Darrer only confirms that Denzel's work is perfect, but it is definitely the driving force behind production. Literally, I was fascinated by some scenes that were both raw, emotional and passionate at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington creates Creasy as an old spy or a CIA agent or one of these government-operated agents. He has liked the bottom, because he has been disappointed with his life. He has murdered, and maybe he says things that are not done, and he has become a tough and bitter man. His friends and maybe tutor, Christopher Walken has been very respectful in Mexico, he lives very comfortable with the services of a wealthy body watchdog. It seems that the Mexican business of the kidnapping business is so passionate that paid S.E.A.L. and paid can do very well with the necessary services. Creasey needs work and accepts work well for a family and seems economically difficult. Marc Anthony is well on Samuel, Radha Mitchell tantalizingly sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning is just as compelling and precociously as Pita. I do not know how he can make his elderly children play for the characters he's doing, but Pita's interpretation is worthy of Oscar. In the first half of the film, it depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if the role was to be weaker, emotional synergy would not be so short. But the role of Fanning is very important. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Pita and Creasy encourages the film to the backdrop of cinema. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott directs the frenetic anguish and never gets better. I'm interested in how his next movie, Domino, is being watched. Scott thinks he is one of the current directors and with more films like this, he will probably rise to the status of his icon. . There is a specific link, and perhaps even if Pita loves her father, she does not have much in common. He is a philanthropist and, of course, has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy leads Pita to her swimming competition. The bed story is reading and he names "Creasy" as a teddy beard. It's not just a friendship between them, it's more kinship, and it seems the parents' deep love. <br /> <br /> Movies gear changes to Pita to kidnap and rescue, and Creasy almost mortal wounded to get her back. In it, the story is terribly awkward and it is deceitful, since the plot draws them as an onion. And this is where Denzel turns into a tour de force. As I said before, I have seen Denzel can give great performances in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I have never seen that. He is a man who is possessed, and since Pita is able to be dead, he becomes literal. It insects while it goes down and clears the brand that it creates. Denzel's anger and anger are ubiquitous and are not easily quelled, which catches every person responsible for the violation of Pita. The Mexican authorities seem to be one of the most demanding attempts behind a step. <br /> <br /> The glittering boldness of this movie is also essential, in fact, there are few movies that happen immediately to criminals. I am often frustrated to see movies that leave bad guys easily. They produce torments in all the movies and then take a bullet and kill them. But not in this movie. Brian Helgeland writes that penalties are the same and that it is painful. The writers feel the anger of Creasy and experience the pain that they release. There is nothing clear about his justice. It needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants to answer and a home bomb is placed in places that are created for other things. Here there is no shot, and it is one of the true strengths of the movie. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best films of 2004. Now that it's on the DVD, it's my recommendation to get SE. It has about 6 hours of documentaries and bonus features with different comments. 10/10
