When I remember seeing the previews of this movie and I do not think much about it. Almost one of those movies was watching the preview, it is amazing, and then when it comes out, you will not hear anything and you will lose it completely, and it does not direct anything to your memory. Man On Fire was one of those films. The rent was strangely temporary, and I decided to take home with me, my prized blockbuster in my hands. I looked and witnessed this beautiful movie. It's like another ... combined with drama and action, something amazing to create spectacular. The movie by Tony Scott is very good and unique, just like another movie. Subtitles can explain something, even if they do not hear true voices, and music is very interesting to the environment. I got into this movie and I finally bought it to go out and go to the Best Buy. I've seen them several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) is a wonderful work that makes this special force of the same man without reason to survive. Dakota Fanning (Pita) has since resumed her initial love since the beginning. Become good friends and become the members of the famous gangster The Brotherhood. Creasy (Denzel) tells Ms. Dakota Fanning that her hunters will be hunted, that Pita has died. That's what Creasy really does. She's using Pita's kidnapping and Creasy hospitalization contacts to find one of those men and she's looking for her. My favorite line is this film, as Christopher Walken asserts to AFI, "A man is an artwork, anything he does ... cooking, regardless of. Creasy art is death ... to paint his masterpiece." Creasy's partner and a unique friend. Finally, after "La Voz," the brother of the Brotherhood leader. Creasy organizes a meeting with Pita himself and his brother's businessman. In the end, Creasy is shooting earlier and wounds infected and massive blood loss. The very end is honest and dull, but great. I love this movie and I recommend anyone looking for a memorable movie. The story is deep, everything is from the beginning to the end, and in no way bad.
