-Mixik's rejection is commonplace just as commonly known as phone numbers; If you are rich, you need a good custodian to be safe for you and your children. Two couples hire a protective body named Creasy to protect the child Pita's child. At the beginning, their relationship is a mistake, but after a while, Creasy facilitates the girlfriend and both develop parenthood relationships. One day Pita has been kidnapped and Creasy is injured in the process. When she wakes up, the little girl has died, because of the wrong exception negotiations and this is because of the death of Creasy, they find that they are responsible for the death and they are taken to the mark of their justice. > <br /> -To keep certain Tylenols by watching this movie next to you, you will need to take some of the following. I really love the story to go extremely to get revenge because most of the movies usually revenge, but they are never really too far-fetched, as this film shows how far it reaches a man's reach. The only problem is that the visual style is annoying, that you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I really feel that the filmmaker's director thought that he would be shot in this movie, he would surely be excited, but forced him to be a DP as a filmmaker who must be a full movie. It seems as demons perceived. I would not mind if nonsensical visions would be restricted to some scenes of action, but when the whole movie is disseminated, we have some problems. The style was so annoying that it was recently used in "Domino", and the style that had a great movie with a similar movie. <br /> <br /> -It's not possible that another person that feels so sorry that Harry would be wonderful soon. Gregson Williams was unable to attempt to compose images with sharp music. Somehow, Williams wrote decent music for the movies, but I'm sure if the movie was more stable, music would be much better. The sound is used incorrectly throughout the movie and, instead of improving the movie experience, you feel sorry for it. You can hear a subwoofer's excessive use of 5 seconds or an excessive bass sound. I do not know why he thought the audience needed to be bombarded with subwoofer, but the movie really comes up. <br /> <br /> -The filming of the movie is a beast, despite the visuals. Little Fanning here is another great job and at the end of the movie the scene breaks my heart. If the end of the movie is not there anyone cries out, they die inside. Denzel Washington has not broken his rule because of the fact that he has been involved with this movie and, fortunately, he plays his character. The whole idea and tragedy of a man who has lost his life suddenly finds a purpose in his life. There is nothing new, but Washington brings heart and emotions to the fourth. I love how we see a tremendous feeling, if after a thunder and kidnapping it becomes a vengeance tool. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife, and they can not hate too much with Fanning. J.Lo Husband enters the movie, but it does not really stand out. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have minimal roles in the movie, but they impact. <br /> <br /> -It's not something that makes me laugh at how filmmakers try to portray how they portray in Mexico. It's a beautiful city at the end of the movie. If you ask a little too late. Let's hope Tony Scott is trying to ruin his career, because a talented filmmaker needs CAN and better than that.
