Despite the release of KILL BILL VOL. 2; PUNISHER; WALKING TALL, in the action-packed revenge, MAN ONRE works largely because Denzel Washington is always the most spectacular, it's one of the best. current actors <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 novel (first shot with Scott Glenn in 1987), Washington plays a happy-mercenary merchant who drinks with Jack Daniels, until he provides his old partners (Christopher Walken). an amortization option. He is hired as a hostage for a ten-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning), a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American wife (Radha Mitchell). He and Fanning act first as oil and water (although he is very well-blended), he really achieves a bond with him, encouraging him to do better, while trying to treat himself with the devil at the same time. . The debt is that Washington will push its old line of work, because they have been kidnapped by Fanning and had to guarantee $ 10 million, and it almost dies. Any other action-action hero (Schwarzenneger; Segal, etc.), would be the same recurrence that we saw following the blood distribution a thousand times before. But Washington, for some reason, does not like what he does. Still, Mexican newspaper journalist (Rachel Ticotin) is very brave as the "La Hermanidad" (Brotherhood) support, revealing the kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping. <br /> <br /> MAN ONRE FIRE is partly defective, due to the hyperactivity of the camera, almost the pain of the head mounting edition and the participation of several film stocks by the path of director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but this is not necessarily the only one (witnessed by Oliver Stone in JFK and Sam Peckinpah's classic films of the 60s and 70s). However, Scott makes good performances in Washington and Fanning, which finds much more than just a regular movie. Harry Gregson-Williams's Finnish guitar scores make Chopin, Debussy's soundtrack and a new version of the "Blue Bayou" classic version of Debian Linda Ronstadt in 1977. The movie is quite violent in general, it's worse than most movies in the last ten years and is generally much better.
