The "Muppets Take Manhattan" Muppet Movie to date has changed in every other way "Muppets Take Manhattan." One is still the only Muppet movie that Disney does not have. Since 2008, the movie has been released by 20th Century Fox (with CBS Fox) released by Disney's Muppets. In addition, this film has a very non-linear story, and otherwise unforeseeable events. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is very difficult to overcome the original "Muppet Movie" since 1979, especially since that film, with memorable songs from "Manhattan". However, "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "Muppet Movie", perhaps surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first film, all Muppets must go to Hollywood to enter an agent's office and immediately they will receive a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this movie, what Muppets learned has to work to achieve success, and is much more difficult, especially in the entertainment business, than at first thought. We believe that we do not intend to break the credibility of small messages and clues that are in the hands of important messages and often forget that they do not live in a large space or even have to eat it, respectively. Above all, the post-graduate degree in college creates a good story. Another note: the famous shows of the films were very cool and they surprisingly got rid of the main Muppets spotlight. This capability is not a testament to Henson, and the Muppet characters for adults were appealing. <br /> <br /> "Manhattan" falls down and I am sure that people do not agree with me. It's mostly about key songs. "He Make Make Happy" wedding song was very wonderful to be as happy as marriage. It's like a song that is heard in a funeral. Every time I see this movie, when I hear this song, I am very depressed, especially when the movie starts with these reverse numbers, such as "Together Again", and when it's over happy. "Goodbye to say" was also a sad number, but it is better suited to undo the movie Muppets and they were not sure they would go see each other again. This last song was so painful, and perhaps even the mischief of the audience's youngsters to add their favorite Muppets to the screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is a global movie and one. A march down to the rhythm of other Muppet movies, including news from Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the movie moves in the same direction. Melancholy film was not the best song I wanted to finish. In addition, Disney had to offer the copyright of the film, and it would provide the DVD release. Maybe it'll be one day. We will see.
