Muppet was the third movie, and Jim Henson took part in the early 90's in his early death. The first three films featured prominent figures and were released in theaters before they were born. I originally saw the first and second parts of the trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Muppet Caper" in the mid 90s, but we did not see this third "Muppets Take Manhattan" until April 2007. In these two years, his predecessors and " I watched Muppet Treasure Island "(1996) for the first time. This third movie Muppet did not disappoint me when I first saw it and maybe my second look almost three years later may not surprise me, but otherwise, it's certainly not too far Go. </ b> <br /> <br /> Muppets's "Manhattan Melodies" music scene has been a great success at the university campus, graduating from the university, and coming out soon, but they decide that they will all come together and go to Manhattan to get their Broadway show. After arriving, they start looking for a producer, but after refusing, they eventually decide to search for jobs and go. Most of them leave the city They are, but Kermitek stays and still decides to find the right producer and join the Muppet team. He works at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. The daughter of Pete, who works as a frog on a father's restaurant, Jenny, is friendly. As Kermit continues to pursue a horrible star, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy has been secretly hiding in New York and now he spies. Kermit and Jenny begin to see each other, and seem to be approaching, that causes jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie a second time, it seemed to me at first. At first, it seemed a bit shaken, inadequate and maybe forgotten. In this section of the film there are some funny stuff; For example, the woman is taking her to the woman through the college campus audience, but a bit of a movie seemed embarrassing to me than her predecessors. Fortunately, there was a lot of time to change. The movie is mostly entertaining, "Saying Goodbye", a song that Muppets sing, and then a lot. The two most entertaining parts of the game are Miss Piggy's playwrights after seeing Kermit and Jenny embracing each other, but once again I laughed in laughter, among others, trying to hibernate with other bears. Muppets still have charm and comic theater and, of course, it also helps in most of the films, like in the plot, simple but interesting for all ages. There are more vulnerable moments, such as the sequence of Muppet children, and Juliana Donald's performance like Jenny, but none of these problems are very significant, and they are not enough to ruin their entire experience. <br /> <br /> <br /> I would like to say "The Muppet Movie", the franchise started in 1979, the original film, which is the best of the original trilogy, and that seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably three, but it's good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", it's the third of Henson's dying passage, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still a Muppets movie! The details of what I think of Muppets's 1999 film I do not include, since it was released thirty years ago, as I have already explained why I found it so disappointing, and although it seems to me, I am not alone. Every movie theater that plays a leading role in the fairy monster of Henson, however, is the entertainment for the whole family, before the second and third divisions showed a slight drop in quality.
