Sometimes, realism faces the efficiency of a movie. That's not the problem here. The sets are cursed, both inside and outside. Fog is ubiquitous and conceals the inequality of semi-production. If there is a bar, it only says the name painted in the previous window: "Wine and spirits". The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. Not a single shot of a city, nor a false skyline. This is the story of Dublin, Jack Ripper's Whitechapel straw, plum and cobblestone. Who would like another way? How could bankers, small budgets and a four-week shoot be done in a different way? The play continues - all of us hanging hammy. Sometimes, my God, it is incredibly rewarding. Mrs. McPhillips died after wept in the house after wept. Victor McLaglin, on the other hand, gives reasonable rational performance. He has put his clothes in a small dog, just like Frankenstein's monster. He believed that each of his movements would go further. He enters the temple when he places his head on the wall. The big, rude and dull baby is always drunk. He betrays his best friend to earn money to go to America and his girlfriend, not a regular guy. However, it starts to spend 20 kilograms more and more during wild and alcoholic nights, as all the expensive and awesome gestures far away from their dream. I would not argue, but I understand why Oscar won. <br /> <br /> Regarding Max Steiner's score, wow. Once the movement is over, Mickey Mouse does not only emphasize music, but it stands out brightly. It would not have happened: the choir choirs, the charming young fairy-tale, the boy's minstrel, the rumors, while McLaglen drinks it from the bottle. It would be better without any score. <br /> <br /> Well, how's it in general? Dated - any measure, but not the product of its time. That's why I admire it. Yes, sometimes symbolism is clumsy. McLagen, a real fake head, bent his head against a hanging sign. Fog. Blind man But what it seems to me is what I was trying at all at the time. The fact that today's art is overwhelming is what we saw most of what was happening in most of the time that was being hit by us. Although sometimes short, it does not matter. The film was courageous, politically and morally, as well as poetic. (The ruling legion was condemned as a scene of the ironworks). Should the director's purpose overcome his right, or what is the script? But now, in 2006, the story is more worrying than ever. John Ford, of course, came from Irish rebels. They die, but only what they deem necessary. ("He knows too much to live. If it were to happen, he would go home? Oh, I'm not thinking of myself, but all of us, even Irish.") The Irishmen feel and are sympathetic. I ask that Middle East Jihadists do not use a similar logic to justify their violence actions.
