Once again, early morning TV shows a huge amount of resources, otherwise I would have never had any movies to follow. In the morning, I went to bed to write 'The Informer (1935),' the fourth-length film of the American Broadcasting Director, John Ford. According to the 1922 Irish Civil War, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols in the same name by Leman O'Flaherty. Although born in the United States, known for his "Americana" images, both parents were Irish, that is, the decision to direct the film's director. Victor McLaglen plays with Gypo Nolan, telling an old friend Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford) asking for a prize for 20 people for Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie and his arrest, when Frankie and Gypo, the Republic of Ireland's Army killed him, he began to investigate the traitor behind the incident, approaching the real culprit and explaining any track. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo feels guilty for the end of his friend's death, and Don Birnam's "The Lost Weekend (1945)" has dropped to a heavy drinker, excessive. As Gypo strikes his torments as a result of a large number of alcohol, he is trapped in a crumbling little circle of depression, his strange expense catches the attention of the members of the research. In a moment of life, Gypo is surrounded by admirers (including J. Kerrigan, funny), which is very enthusiastic in the background and "King Gypo" baptizes his physical power. However, it is evident that these people do not feel the love of mankind, and they pay close attention to exploit the money. Frankie's £ 20 extra deaths could never have been bought by Gypo? In fact, in a bitter unbalance of irony, money was only made due to the betrayal and loss of good manners. A pretty simple couple, Gypo could not fully take into account the consequences of his actions, and in the end he pardoned his "not knowing what he was doing," but his stupidity can not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Criticism in Ford's film is occasionally organized for the help of a supposed propagandist of a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude, of course, depends on one's own opinions (definitely, I do not know enough to make a history of Irish judgment) definitely portrays the Irish Republic Army, because of its joyful, dedicated and impartial self, I am a patriotic Irish patriot. never seen However, the main theme of the story is the betrayal; Struggling with intense poverty, an ordinary man reveals the confidence of his good friend and he will regret his actions. The painful Gypo feels mostly a guilt, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance, which betrays all life as well as he has a great deal of condemnation to an uncomfortable death. "The Informer" was the first Oscar-winning John Ford and he won four awards (six nominations), including the best actor McLaglen, who was captured by the three favorite "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935)" figures. }, Under the direction of Best Director and Best Screenplay at Dudley Nichols (the rejection has been rejected due to Union disagreements).
