John Ford is one of the most influential and memorable American filmmakers in history, usually related to the genre of his western film. However, John Ford is not the best movie in the west but is a fake drama set in Ireland's Irish independence in the 1935s: The Informer. <br /> <br /> It's hard time for Irish and many. Gypo Nolan is burned in poverty and in a desperate network - and the walls are closed. Gypo is great, but it is not the brightest blossom of the tree, a warm heart, a short fuse, and it does not seem to be thought throughout the whole thing, but it's not a pig crime or self-centered. As he walks through undeveloped streets, Gypo Nolan finds his horrible life, Katie Madden, asking for his awkward situation on the streets, and hopes he will only go to the United States. They had to pay 20 kilos. Congratulations, if you like, his friend Frank Pieza has returned more than 20 kilograms, and Gypo is unwilling to report to Frankie's police. Gypo, with 20 new pounds of bloodstream, thinks he's particularly stupid this night, because he is guilty of guilt and IRA has invested all his resources to find Frankie's notifier. Nolan and the actor have been awarded an Academy Award, without a doubt, he was honored for this film. Her twisted, stupid, and tender twists make the character's character, and McLaglen's Dudley Moore's Arthur Bach's only second is Arthur's 1981 film that grabbed Arthur's most fun cinematic movie. Margot Grahame is also very good at Katie Madden, but he and McLagen are the only members of the cast that are really emotional. Preston Foster, especially because he is not an Irishman, is particularly bad at all, and JM Kerrigan can play a part in the film's role but a disappointing cast is the only point in the movie. <br /> <br /> Often, Ford's search engine "The Searchers" or "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" covers Ford's familiar ones. The informant is one of the best films of John Ford, which is his best. In the beginning of John Ford's Oscar nomination and victory, The Informer won four Oscars, including one of the best directors in 1936. Ford and movies use shadows and lights, especially the story is wonderful and essential. Gypo walks through the dark state of the town and the clear accusations of street works, and every shadow reminds him of his dark act. This technique was a stunning Ford order; If the informant was 10 years later (if it's a genre's requirement), it would probably be one of the best films of all time, but that's not a reminder of the classic movie.
