I reckon that at night I saw black and white television, a live action version before Peter Jackson's eyes ... and I was very surprised. I finally put my hands on this week in a copy of VHS (and is it not the same as the course?) I had the opportunity to see it again in this film and I still see it, although it has not been a pretty memory. <br /> <br /> I have to admit certain occasions here. Some reviewers have confirmed Jackson's lovers and other Jackson-haters. I'm not exactly Brian Sibley published my BBC Radio adaptation in 1981 and I met Gollum's voice here. Peter Woodthorpe would repeat this performance performance almost three years later. <br /> <br /> I have to say, however, that as Jackson's film feels more and more like this, the version Bakshi, because it has cut the bone, is really more accurate. Yes, there are common understandable changes (here is Legolas, not Arwen, representing Glorfindel as Elfo sent to Rivendell) and there is a great telescope for action. (The latter is a unique exception, as others have pointed out, the ford sequence of the Rivendell is a bit widespread, with Ringwraith showing a tremendous ability to freeze Frodo Frodo down the middle of the flight - it spreads it again, after crossing the river, it defies ; then, for unexplained explanations, you can follow it straight to the direct gallop, at the beginning of the nightmare but with an initial deficiency but, obviously, and too long, it is not encouraging, because of bad animation, and Gandalf winds too many windmills. <br /> <br /> But after seeing the two scenes of the film, I feel that I have to take an animation route in the middle of a myth (a surprisingly entertaining story is the story of the Aragornen and their Luthens), the extreme literalism of direct action filming, where everything from monsters to mail magazines This is exactly the opposite of the camera that you need to create : the latex-faces (or CGI) monsters are not so monster-shaped as a pattern, the heroic clothes tend to improve with non-human bodies and human non-bodies. The proportions are easily encouraged, but hard-filed. Many reviewers have mentioned the ringwraith sniffing in the woods, its semi-human movements, as one of the most curious moments in the film - definitely, I fear only when I was stupid I only saw it in the dark for the first time! <br /> The full styling of the entry (plus a voice of great skill and economy to shorten some sentences in the back story) works very well to represent almost the mythical age and change. In the book of comics, rural Shire, especially Proudfeet, relates effectively to Tolkien's prose. I think that the potential of the animation potential could have been used with great efficiency: Gandalf Bilbao threatened its true power in the opening scenes, which became an apparent Gollum creature in Bilbao under the influence of Ring-Laziness. Rivendell, and all the famous temptations of Galadriel were roughly drawn, but it would be insignificant to distort scenes to reflect modified hobby opinions. But, in general, details and palette changes are made: Bree's fire lights, Rivendell and Fangorn wash, gray dirty and brown Moria and unpolluted lands are bright colors. They work well for the various mood-reflecting episodes, direct action approach, simply not blur in the background or sketch in stylized settings. <br /> <br /> I did not like the fan or the image of Jackson or Bakshi's Lothlorien. - Once again, I feel that the sound of the radio sound has found the best place I've found in a beautiful and beautiful forest of timeless paradise - and I feel that the singing of the elf Bakshi at this point was pretty bad, but at this time I made a small assembly, together with several members of the company they relax after the works of Moria. Aragorn's hobbit scenic lesson is like charm (and equally unpublished). Boromir is like a show of Jackson with his Hollin hobby. <br /> <br /> Aragorn's representation is a good weatherglorn Ranger. In this film (Viggo Mortensen, the crazy look of Jesus has not really worked for me), although it would be interesting to see how Gondor was planning to "clean up" the second half. John Hurt, unexpectedly, gives a prestigious voice, as well as William Squire's resonance in Gandalf. I think that hobbies want to reflect today's young people as an identification figure of the audience: I find an animation style (their proportions are "cartoons" rather than human characters) and well distinguish them, and "hairy" feet "are represented here by much more believable representations literally, much more like fan art. <br /> <br /> Personally, Boromir I am opposed to Viking couples. - Bearorn-Aragorn (it does not make sense: they were two Numenians, after all), I'm clear here in a minority! <br /> <br /> The great mistake of this image will always be that. It was an unfinished project, trying to solve some issues to tighten the jewelry resolutions. A shame; It would be interesting, not so frustrating, to see Shelby and Minas Tirith, the dead ...
