By releasing the famous trilogy "Lord of the Rings" by Peter Jackson, it's easier to get rid of Ralph Bakshi's 1978 Lord of the Rings movie. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is a fundamental adaptation of Tolkien's work, but this does not prevent Bakshi's pioneering effort. Jackson has admitted that he has received at least one source of inspiration from the films of Bakshi, and there are clear similarities between adaptations. <br /> <br /> The colorful backdrop of the movie is excellent and the score is memorable. I was very happy with the drawing of the characters. Pippin, Merry, and Eowyn and Galadriel are very different from each other, and Balrog and Trebeard did not have much impressions, but I did not worry about them. However, Nazgul is well trained and disturbed. It was the only person who was worried about Sam; It made us a cheeky appearance. <br /> <br /> This film is a novel for its animation techniques. In addition to the hand-drawn characters, direct actors enter animation through rhythms. It seems that characters are drawn and rooted, but I found that the style of the movie was a novelty. Fighting scenes were a good decision for the use of cast-rolled actors and helped them get out of the way. Voice interpreting was of high quality in general. Especially good was John Hurt, who authored the authoritative voice of Aragorn. Aragorn is not the favorite character that tells my story, but John Hurt's voice protects my favorite character in this adaptation. My favorite was William Squire, which is Gandalf's voice. The only actor who seemed to be unbalanced was Michael Richards as rich as Sam, whose voice was irritating by acting and adding it to Sam's sadly stupid figure. The only other disturbing aspect of the voice is the phrase of the characters and the place names. Especially strange was the decision that was frequently named Saruman "Aruman". <br /> <br /> To produce this film, Ralph Bakshi was expected to produce two films. That's why this film brings together about half of the story, from the beginning of "The Ring of the Ring" to Helm's Deep's "The Two Towers" fight. Therefore, the story of the movie is a very condensed version of the storybook. I enjoy deeply original stories and adaptations, but I did not worry about the freedom of compressing the story, even if I left the story of Arwen. The key elements of the story were enough to survive this movie and, even more so, it was a novelty, that the Lord of the Rings achieved a story in 132 minutes. The scenes of the battle were spectacular and, in particular, Helm Deep was a great battle and march. <br /> <br /> Mr. Ralph Bakshi's "Lord's Rings Version" is not perfect and definitely a number of the Lord. The ring readers take away the story, but for me the disadvantages of this film were small, half of a large trilogy in relation to the effectiveness of adaptation. My only lament lamentable is that I can not see the second part of this first story, "Lord of the Rings", because Bakshi did not give a quote for a sequel.
