I like this film and I put so many "reviewers" under Peter Jackson's trilogy. The filmed novel is always an interpreter; In particular, an animated film is based on an artist's perspective and must be judged on its own terms. Talking about the purist developer, this is a tribute to Tolkien more than an updated version. Although this movie is mistakes, it's more true for the source, especially for the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkien's Frodo is almost unknown: the first scenes are depicted as weak. , constantly undisputed, manipulated by his immediate forces and never at his feet (that is, physically and metaphorically true). Jackson tries to re-enact Tolkien, and Frodo steals his best moment from saving Arwen Ringwraith ... Bakshi versions It respects the original, which Frodo asks for the goddesses. Bakshi Frodo maintains the character, as Tolkien thought. As we increase its load, we see its decline. Frodo is so important that Jackson is asking why it came out with the Lord of the Rings, as Jackson tells them that these freedoms (so many characters) make the development of characters in the plot from their inevitable consequences. Bakshi's film examines better with the help of Legolas and Gimli in absurd scenes in Jackson's version. We also see Boromir walking with Pippin and Merry, boosting the idea of ​​a grant. Like mine, friendship has been developed in a more animated version than live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important component of the novels and Bakshi pays tribute to one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings. The song "Merry Old Inn", a few minutes before joining Strider. Happy after a few seconds later, next to his darkest side of the melodies, watching his clothes visible to his friends, Frodo is dangerous. It's one of the most atmospheric parts of the film, and every time I see it, it freezes me. <br /> <br /> Budget / time constraints are limited by the ultimate effect of this film, but if it were over, it might be more resonant. viewers Before, it looks like it looks. His opponents also acknowledge Peter Jackson's full inspiration from this prototype.
