Since 1978, as an animated film, this is quite good overall in the Disney newspaper, much higher than the standard (and Tolkien paid little attention to Disney). The camera achieves important points of innovative and careful work, applying cinematic success with cinematic techniques. Several rotten rotoscopes work quite well, especially with Ringwraith and the initial narration. However, it is totally too much used - probably as a money-saving technique - that eliminates the overall effect. The technique that makes Wraiths Spooky and otherworldly goes no less well with Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> Regarding the story, it's really pretty good. We lose jewelry here and there, with small details, such as Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We compress some people, such as Legolas review of Elronden's house and Aragorn's old friend, but it's a sensible decision. In the books, you have the opportunity to enter into references to the world of broad castes and Rhino. In the movie, you exchange images and sounds that transmit the same elements differently. There is nothing critical to lose here, and although there are small doubts about some changes, I'm generally happy. <br /> <br /> Drug writers only remembered Saruman's name. Aruman is often called, probably Sauron's decision to be different to that of the same name. he gave me a second glance, before I was sure he could not pity. Boromir is also a bloody Viking and angry at the start. However, Gandalf is superb, and the other most powerful voice instrumentation is excellent. Only John Hurt was the oldest to play Aragorn; I like his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, one of the films finished in the middle of the story is disappointed. This is a lot worse, and much better than Rankin's work is much worse. And the bass team in the sequel. He was allowed to authorize the return of the king, after the Hobbit he remains completely mysterious; The bad songs are more interested in more than just the right stories. For all its defects, this film has a strong heart and it is difficult to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only expect the next movie series to continue its approach ...
