More than twenty years before adaptation of the Lord of The Rings by Peter Jackson, he encouraged the effort of 1978 director Ralph Bakshi. The story's ambition was ambitious and honest, but sadly it was darkened by the Jackson trilogy. Indeed, many reviewers of the IMDb (mostly those who have seen most recent versions) seem to be an embarrassment tough for this version ... but if we apply a bit of a sense, and if we take it into account. The technical options that existed at that time, then they realize that this film is pretty good. Indeed, after seeing this animated film at the beginning of the 80's, I searched for the Tolkien book and soon became a constant enthusiast of those rich, Middle Ages. So, in some respects, this film allows me to film the film that definitely shaped my literary tastes. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of the Middle Ages, gives him a powerful ring. incredible power After a great battle with Sauron defeated, Isildur's ring? He is a king. But instead of destroying it, he wisely chooses to keep it. Throughout the centuries, the ring passes through one hand to another, and eventually owns an hobbit named Frodo Baggins, a resident of a solitary community called Shire. Frodo learns that his ring, through a worm called Gandalf, is precisely the Ring Belt, which Sauron had done for centuries, and that his master again seeks to regain all his dark power. lands. Frodo begins a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three hobbits; But they catch the Sauron rings, the Black Rider every step. Are there many adventures in which nine adventurous companies are set up to drive the ring unleashed? Mount Doom, in the territory of Mordor. The film ends with Frodon and Sam with the best friend on the banks of the Mordor River, making it closer to its more extreme destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the rest of the company attack a huge army in the mythical Helm's Deep fort. <br /> <br /> This version only covers half the original book. The story ended in the second half but unfortunately it was not over. When the end feels violent, at least it ends in a sensitive point in the story. The frustration must be felt a little bit, and we regret that there is no sequel to these animated heroes to fulfill their final goal. The animation is appropriate, with lots of interesting local and character descriptions. Leonard Rosenman's music fits well and fits in with epic narration. Voices are also decent, especially John Hurt, Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who gives his voice to Sam, is vibrant and wonderful, not suited to the character. The Lord of the Rings is a wonderful effort to see the amazing book that is based on it.
