H.G. Wells was first in 1936 and the survival books had been going on for a long time. He came to the end of life and swallowed his dream. XX. At the beginning of the century, he defended the idea that the world was condemned, the evolution of species, natural biology, and, on the one hand, and Marxism, on the other side, the defeat of the weakest. It is stronger because of the simple criteria of numbers. The most deprived were the mass of humanity and the strongest was the minority of the elite. He defended a rigorous eugenic policy, eliminating all the weakened human race. The non-Caucasus, first of all, were the only exception of the Jews who had disappeared when marrying their marriage. After all, those who were not healthy in the Caucasus community, all alcoholics, mental disabilities, all those who were genetically disabled, etc. All were not Hitler. H.G. It was Wells and that was not the first world war after. It was ten years earlier. The twenty-first year of the World War, published The Time Machine, defended the idea of ​​human race through its "cosmological contamination," and through its greater cosmological contamination of life. The race becomes "two" species: the working class would become an underground species and the bourgeois would become a shallow ground. The theme was the novel: sneaky and vulnerable species that were prey to prey. Wells was sure that humanity was in danger and politicians evolved an imposing eugenic policy to stop it was imposed. The first countries that followed the order were those who left only some of the Scandinavian countries during the last few years, and the film proposes a vision of 2036 with a global government, because there are no elections, parliaments, only democratic institutions , a peace set by the military conquest, and a man or government dominates a man and his few councilors: in this world of the future, all human beings are in the Caucasus, and Wells imagined being humankind in 2036. Surprisingly, Wells has a sort of rebellion predicted he thought, but it would be a short life and nothing would have anything to do. The final sentence is the view of this white civilization when you conquer the whole universe watching the sky and its stars and planets. Scary. And that was created in 1936. Even more fearful of nowhere, there is mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is imperative that the film be restored in an edition, because it is essential for H.G. Have a full view of Wells. Of course, we are far from the New World choosing a "social" democracy, or the dictatorship of the proletariat of the farm animal, or the 1984 dictatorial abstract dictatorship of the great brother. This is a horrible sight at least the other two. And I want to compare Wells only with his British science fiction writers. It would be unfair to go further. This shows XX. In the first three decades of the century, fear in England was horrible among intellectuals: the fear of having a shadowy, dreadful future and a certain impasse. /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint Quentin in Yvelines
