"THE TO COME" movie review by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here is another wonderful science-fiction movie at a time and place. It's a movie that I have only seen in truncated pieces, but it's all about art. I starred in this movie in a dark theater, on a silver screen, with whirlwind and audience. This public and I made this film! A woman who lived after WWII wound up with commemorative warlike conflicts and finished positive, but quick, deaths. <br /> <br /> They were the initial credits that had caught my attention from the beginning. First, we will see "H.G. Wells", a bold copy of the block, similar to "superman". It's not the title of the film, but the title of the founder, and then other actors, such as actors or production, are listed above, there is the director William Cameron Menzies there! Who? He may have seen his work, "80 Days in the World," "The Yankees Pride" and "The Wind." Wells and Wells did not direct the film after the subsequent opera, but they are very well-known in the images, sets and designs of his film. <br /> <br /> The picture is very beneficial. I have found out pictures of many other films, which have earned tribute to this classic. It's obvious from the latest "Hitchhiker's Galaxy to Guide", with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and Holy Grail", with "Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow", "Living of the Dead" and more I know, but which titles escape me. This is a real special effect here, now the scenes with CGI are made with actors, large sets and specific models. The film was made in 1936, and it is evident that it brought something to other authors. Wells and Menzies worked with Bliss, doing music, and creating a masterpiece with Korda, producer, message, warning and sermon. Actor Cedric Hardwicke, actor Ralph Richardson and Raymond Shakespeare speaks Massey, sometimes he is preaching, but I've also heard lines I've heard. "Today, these children's toys are not the same as those I had for children." "It will help develop their coordination." "Why do we need books, what should we read?", "We do not need cars, there is no place anywhere, we have everything we need right now." "There will be no war." But war! The naive citizen of "Everytown" is not seeing verbal writing on the wall. The ongoing war on Christmas Eve has burst. A boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is probably an image that will always remain with me. This is the world that had the loops over Hitler's dissatisfaction with 1936. This war is not over. The gas poison to extract secondary war wars. <br /> <br /> Another age is a dark one. There is no government, there is no service, nor encourages people to remember anything that war. The plague, the war palaces and the harassment of the aircraft to go looking for fuel that is no longer in use. My love is filmed on the street before the plague takes another. In the center there are wonderful models of Rolls Royce, which is the rest in the middle. A futuristic plane that announces the future of this land. <br /> <br /> This future is the third action. The world has reconstructed itself with the help of "rough animal, man". Helicopters fly in this movie, even before they invent. It has other uses than Plumber's Helper Dalek or Glenn Miller. Widespread screen display with dreaded masses and people who invite the attackers. "Beware of dirty excitement, warned you!", The father of the city warns of a rugged inhabitant. So warned, he could swear that this film could hit me. It seems that there are some types of mistakes and errors, but it may be thought that it deserves to think again about idealism, and I want to see the film again. Others Mr. They criticize Wells. Working with 20/20 eye with things, costumes and foley miscues is very easy. Mr. Wells's "Things to Come" does not think about one thing, but really concepts, social trends and ideal philosophies. We are also beginning to start a new millennium and we will not be there yet. British Science Fiction is not a cheap card, but Epic Filmed Opera, which is worthy of singing, exceeds some of the dangers diminished by all the concepts.
