I have to accept a small disagreement with this movie; I had read a lot of a long time, but true sequences of Futurism, Age of Science, take a small amount of the film. The sets are superb and there are some stunning images, but this last sequence is missing out on other areas ... <br /> <br /> The Piece's drama is very much in the mid-section, and then acts as a melodrama, "high concept "created as a science-fiction nature, and there is not enough solid dialogue. In this part, however, there is much more human life, with the excellent Ralph Richardson being a top-down browser, as Everytown's "boss" dictator. I liked Richardson's dreadful lines and lines, excluding the presence and ideas of trusted and trusted visitors of Raymond Massey. The main thing is a wonderful image, a misleading image, which is not able to realize its small realm of greed ... It's not a big role, but Richardson does a lot. <br /> <br /> That all peoples think England be at least England, or represent England in the least. It was interesting not to mention the religious things; "coming things" seems to be a barbaric conflict of war and a science whose ultimate goal is not limited, but let's move forward. In the last section some attempts to lift some arguments and tensions are delayed, regardless of personal "life", but it is still pleased. The film does not have quite complex interests; In every season, it is a frightening show and a passionate and shameless moralism. And, of course, remind us of the final hedge-bet: how Raymond Massey's lyrical things about wyring are uncertain! <br /> <br /> As far as the prediction of the film is concerned, I must say that it is not a bad thing, given that, of course, it is impossible to get the details of life straightforward. The biggest concepts have something; War in 1940, that was perhaps predictable ... it was almost 30 years old, mind! Nuclear bomb - a "super gun" or such a drawing - in 2036 ... a technocratic socialist "we do not believe in independent national states" kind of government in Great Britain, since 1970 ... on top of that! ;-) There is no real policy here, it is shameful; Every surface is a very laudable anti-war sentiment. Generally speaking, this dictatorship is supposed to be - boneheaded-luddite-fascist, whether under the Boss or with hands-plated scientific socialism-it will be an agreement, and these implications will not be extended ... we must remember that it was not known in 1936 There was no apparent Nazism and communism, or even how they appeared, their lack of analysis seems to be in front of the viewers of other issues. <br /> <br /> Many of the first things should be cut in my opinion, and it's likely; Only the shortest '1940' material would be necessary, but this segment is quite heavy and it's a minor age before reaching Richardson-Massey. I would like to see more with Margareta Scott; who is quite skeptical, with the sole purpose of dissipating a Mediterranean image with a bright gesture. The character is not analyzed, nor is it accurately explained or exploited, except for a scene to be ruined, and does not analyze its relationship with the General; But he was thirty years old and then there was an extensive institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is pleasing to both roles; Even if, as the wicked one is, the prayer for war, Massey would only be put to another by another person. Massey herself contributes a lot to her, she plays her pieces with a mix of boundaries and dark tastes, contrasting with different fragments, along with Richardson and Scott and Chapman. <br /> <br /> I would say "Things to Come" is definitely a great movie made in Britain in 1936; A few sci-fi British films so far! Its set (piece) design and resource exploitation are awesome. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately serious and sometimes everywhere. The direction is to go flattery, although sometimes it increases a stage gear. Cinematographers and Richardson really recover things; respectively, creating a horrible shock of technology and continuously weakening behavior and curtain. Such a shameful thing, so much substance or true cinematic conception corresponds to everything; Powell and Pressburger would be a great director for such tasks: they are not among the British directors in the most intense parities, as the person in charge of leading characters and sellers in conversations with the first person. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come", among them, is a curious curiosity, it's worth it, but it's still called "Metropolis" ... It's like "Silly", as Wells says, Lang's film still. That's how amazing it is.
