The first science fiction written by Herbert George Wells, with Arthur Bliss's music, is a powerful piece of filmmaking. Wells is a different work by the author. It looks at the human future with periods of war, in "peace" periods. This is the structure, after a contrasting normalization episode and when it contains warlike clouds, scripts can occur. Both families, Cabells and Passworthy, do not match what will happen. Passworthy civilization advances the "automatic" view; Cabell is thought-provoking. Everytown city, London, of course, tanks sink through a battlefield, the bliss warfare march and the end of civilization. In the second part, the "boss" finds the people who lived in the city's ruin, which Ralph Richardson plays with a brave man, Margaretta Scott, a beautiful woman, is a wonderful dreamer, a concrete-related dictator. It tries to rebuild World War II planes, it can attack a nearby hill tribe to form its small kingdom. a young scientist complains about being constantly incessant for the demands of aircraft that could cease his work; That is, Wells's war on the comment and progress. They survived the disease called "The Wandering Disease". Get in touch with a modern machine designed by Cabell for the first episode of the film, now Wings Over the World, International Scientist Coalition, who intends to end the war. This modernized air-conditioned rider has wonderful conversations with his master and his wife; Then, Boss sends his planes, scientists take on many planes and drop "peace gas" on Everytown waste. Only the eldest kill them in the fight against peace. The films, then, undermined and slow steps have entered the episodes of a new futuristic tower. In the third part, in the future, Cabell argues with the future rigor over human moral morals. Passworthy asks whether men have the right to send them to the Moon; Cabell defends the need for human progress and the need to expand its limits. Son of Passworthy and Cabell's son, they are sent astronauts. Theotocopulos, a religious Luddita, is a fiery talk on a large City forum and drives a "space gun" attack, which is the release of the Earth's seriousness. The top of the plot is to shoot the space gun successfully. The disappearance and ending is a scientific thought that Cabell deserves and is the deepest defense of memory that exalts science. "The universe is all or nothing!" Cabell says Passworthy. "What will it be?" With Cabell, Raymond Massey, perhaps, who gives his greatest screen performances thoughtful, compassionate and rational, is a true scientist. To people who want to finish the Age of Science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman Passworthy plays the unbelievable voice of the convention and fear. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Taking into account the extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​a civilization led by scientist builders becomes visible to the viewer. William Cameron Menzies is the victory for Bliss and director. Listen to a conversation with someone you love; Within the boundaries of the built-up, it is a drama of human thought that discusses two possible human futures: progress or reactionary against it.
