When George Lucas was shaking the world, Saga, the adventures of the famous Luke Skywalker and the famous Darth Vadar, was just a weapon in the world, but he's been in Lucas for 20 years and that's incredible. imagination is blessed A New Hope Lucas showed a new way of telling stories, the brilliant princess Leia, along with the awesome Rougish Han Solo and Luke Skywalker, as well as the wicked Darth Vadar. All In Empire Strikes Back was out to show the story to showcase special effects and to manage something that could not be thought of by anyone. He made a short film without specific start and start. Return of the Jedi is the end of a saga that will be tested. <br /> <br /> The Empire Srtikes Back ended Carbonite Rouge's Han Solo Fairy to deliver Jabba's hut. and when Luke's young man was influencing the discovery of a terrific truth about his Father, we felt that things were getting worse. Vadar seemed to have won. How did we ask the rebels to recover from that blow? Luke's final chapter is brilliant and fascinating. There, we keep the bold rescue of the Palace of Jabba and the last climatic fight of Luke and Vadar while fighting for Lukei Jedi and the rebel fighter. and he thinks he is trying to get away still in his Father's soul. <br /> <br /> Old friends who speak in Lando Calrissia and Chewbacca will find them always in love to end all conflicts for a last battle. The dangerous enemy comes from the emperor himself (he plays the great Ian McDiarmiud. He is a mystery that lost an Oscar.) He is desperate to convert Luke into the Dark Side to his fellow Darth Vadar. Everything means betrayal. In black, the red eyes, white glittering faces and wicked appearance are awesome in the story, and it is the undisputed master of events that are revealed. His new and improved Death Star creates a disaster for the rebels, but the brave team has set an end to the end of the Empire's reign. <br /> <br /> Lucas brings together three different stories and keeps the action going, as the viewer does. We are excited to see that we are hiding around the Han and Leia Death Star in the Forest of Endorreko Moon, with the help of some glorious Ewoks (I do not really think what they take from that film, because I feel it gives them rescue and storms and imperial officers caused by the tension in the battle of the death star. Legion prevented Lando and all other rioters while encouraging a powerful imperial fleet and endangered life and body in Deat, and we breathed out while Vadar and Emperor attempt to activate Luke Dark Side, Father's Father While trying to turn it over. <br /> <br /> But for me, this is the most difficult and compelling battle in Darth Vadar. ROTJ is fighting between emotions and feelings. Vadar, Emporer and the Empire, and their father was captured by Luke I never think a mask might show emotions It may be that, but I do not know how Vad's face may be confusing and painful in the last scenes as Emporer's Luke blazes. More deeper and thrilling than Vadar I think is evil, especially if the other machine can be human, and I think what made it so accessible. It's in conflict As much as the student master. Victims as evil as criminals. Without too much damage, the final scene of Vada is the most outstanding and wonderful trilogy. <br /> <br /> So what can I end up saying? He is the master of George Lucas Saga. Star Wars has long been a compelling and compelling Saga I've seen and I still have to see another Saga. In Jedi return, he has all the necessary ingredients to end his masterpiece in Lucas. Action, suspense, love, tragedy, salvation, joy, and memorable characters, wonderful special effects and catchy music end their endless film and boast Lucas.
