Okay, my title is tidy, and it sells almost a short flick. I remember 94 on seeing this movie about Siskel and Ebert, and then playing one or two clips. Since I was not aware of Rap (I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer musicians), I was not much interested in talking about the movie. However, the S & E group showed the scene that showed its name (using "shady" and "formed" logics), then another scene where the team and their rival groups visit one. (and, of course, the NWH will create some "info" because the opponent is losing a loser because he has scored good grades in the school and he was in the annual committee). So I shot to watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Two years later, HBO shows this thing and I've recorded it since then to unleash it. Yes, "Espinal Tap" has a certain rhythm ... even if the documentary takes the same "tone" when setting up the clips, and it follows a similar track behind the band (called "Behind the music behind me"). "The phenomenon - a good band of time-lapse chemistry, famous, too much money, fighting, drugs, some types of death, breaking the band and then reconciling it, future collections will end with a hope and black disappears.) Spinal Tap's team, maybe a group that catches you with a bit of past success, but drags points to some point, and I make a laugh of specific scenes in my head, which is boring about the background of food, that is, "amasei" The place where he wants to go to mothers, that is, the pintxos, etc. His place ... <br /> <br> <br> <br> The opposite of the FoaBH, it seems "unexpected" humor. You can see some of them, but there are no great configurations for all jokes Sometimes the jokes go a bit, Cundieff and other actors in the group worked on a real chemistry, and also a good reference to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and other cartoon characters. they knocked This is a movie that looks more than once, the main story is to get out and laugh, and then go back and look at the jokes to catch the subtle. And the songs. "My Peanuts" is better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know, but it's really fun. Tone Def's "awakening" phase is a great video, but it's so funny. <br /> <br /> I did some time, but save your time and do not miss out on CB4. I saw half an hour and I was bored. You are not bored at FoaBH. There are a few fun moments, but you can never say something good. Maybe my favorite scene with Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (I've heard the ripoffs I've ever heard) that they've shared the same girl ... at one point, pointing at you two guns with each other. And the next thing you know, manager, photographer, girls, and I think, even when pointing the guns in Tonu Def, changing the goals back and forth. And, of course, someone shot. <br /> <br /> I did not have any curiosity that the NWH's managers had suffered fears like Spinal Tapen drumsticks (although I do not believe anyone is switched on). Before Cundieff wrote this short film, I would not have considered the "Spinal Tap" before I saw it, although clearly the hip-hop Espinal Tap is much more. Although there are some similarities, humor is different, and the movie seems to be a real documentary (perhaps we do not know a single actor in this thing, even if "Lamar" revenge for teenagers). "In the end, this movie, in my opinion, "Street credible." Like NWH.
