This movie is, for many reasons, the most fragile film of the original Star Wars trilogy. However, at the end of the day a winner is created, despite all mistakes. He is still a very good movie, although his great quality depends on the characters built into the top 2 episodes. <br /> <br /> A problem here is the appearance of the movie. T very consistent with 2 other films. That's why I got information about the output of Gary Kurtz. The first 2 films have been dirty and have lived with all the technology, etc. On the other hand, magazines "Jedi" magazines seem to have cleared out of the shower and cleared uniforms. This has a lot less texture. Also, creatures were very muppet-like and cutesy. At that moment, filmmakers seem to be in charge of creating templates for future action, rather than the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is its lack of originality. "Star Wars" witnessed the emergence of a new experience in cinema and "Empire", struck the locations of the first film that was approaching the foreign world of ice and clouds. First of all, we are on the Tatooine desert planet, and then face a death star (perhaps the emperor can not think anything new ... but do you think Lucas or Kasdan). In addition, the "Big Star Wars" woke-up fighters were the second major conflict in the supposedly wookie-wrestling wars that were in the recycled version. cash Construction feels lazy. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" is the weak manipulation of Han Solo. The plot of the first two films is crucial, but it is struggling on the screen, selling liners with droids. Instead of a true drama, he is leaned with lies, he still loves Leia, who loves Luke - the conclusion of "empire" where he never admitted his love. Everything is very thought-out and hardly conceals that Solo's character was not part of the main story of this film after his rescue. Ford lacks the style that separates old performances and borrows them. He feels as good as the Ford theater in the 1990s, bored and looking at the "top" of the film. Fisher is on the other side quite obviously in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character called "Empire", takes care of the huge space battle that is left here. Only Hamill, being the most interesting developer of Luke's character, is capable of doing anything that is new or interesting to his character. Probably he was the main actor in the movie that he watched over his work. And the script for the fair has to make other characters much more. Actually, it's his story and only other characters are inside the package. Ian McDiarmid has done a great job, as well as the Emperor. The movie would sink too far (sometimes like the new movie). <br /> <br /> As regards visuals and effects, everything looks "clean". it's hard to find fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic nature, one of the most elaborate ever built. The fighting against space is very spectacular. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film is successful based on the accomplishments of his ancestors. On its own, entertainment and IMHO is very encouraging in the face of Lucas's subsequent productions.
