Brian Yuzna is often the director of his gore-party director, but, actually, his films are not really bad. Re-Animator sequels are not as brilliant as their originals, but they are still worthy of horror trials. Living of the Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is far from being a masterpiece of being a surreal world. Certainly this thriller is not a masterpiece; But Yuzna's terrifying eye shows it brilliant, and the plot is always exciting and exciting. I am very surprised to find that the horror movie about the odontology did not reach until 1996, because it is almost fearful for the dentist to escape from a tiger for the modern world. Dentistry is not afraid, but surprisingly; It seems that the minority is. Land continues to be a perfectionist follower Dr. Feinstone. It has a nice home, a successful career and a beautiful wife. Many people want everything they want. However, his life is worse in getting to know his wife with a cleaner pool. And his life is not unique; they are sick to all their illnesses ... <br /> <br /> When they are afraid of audiences, the movie is really done. However, the credit must go to the director to get the full scare fee for the main issue. I feel like I'm not going to go to the dentist because I'm doing a good job, but a scene really looked at me. The film continues with a man who correctly describes the film, but thinks there is more film than The Dentist. Often, a gore movie is not surprising at the level of substance, and while that is not a winner, it is a great parody on the plot. The performance, in the B-class, is very impressive; Starring Corbin Bernsen and doing a good job of realizing that the public was a real man. I would like to thank Brian Yuzna for Ken Foree. Dead of the star is not enough work, and I like to see the movie. The rest of the casts do not have to be massive, but everyone does their job quite well. In general, the dentist offers a refreshing change in the nineties with movie slasher. The horror scenes of Gore Scene will enjoy it and I do not hesitate to recommend this film.
