Dr. Dentist Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman) begin their wedding anniversary. It seems Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone is a wonderful life and a beautiful house in Los Angeles, and has a very successful career, but things are really wrong. Alan has discovered that Brooke Matt (Michael Stadvec) has a cleaner pool to add to his humiliation. Alan then discovers that Matt has sex and overcomes being one of his neighbors next to Paula Roberts (Lise Simms). Everyone owes their IRS, who is breathing in the neck. He begins to think that he is alive, he believes that everything is broken and corrupted, just like the patient's teeth, and he should fix it. At work that morning, his frustration and anger begin to lead to his patients. First, a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin) wounded, a sexual assault was a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after his wife had been hallucinated. and deliberately makes it unnecessary and painful in another procedure. Alan also begins to take drugs because he is totally losing out and his wife and his swimming pool are angry ... <br /> <br /> I thought Brian Yuzna was a Film Dentist and I tried something different. Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finchen are the thriller's most lively thriller, that's when I was surprised as I expected, it would be easy for me to make a teenage movie slasher (Friday 13). 1980) with a large amount of body and a wise criminals with cracking dentists, but the fact that Dentists really is something very different. A dentist with a heartfelt fall in a man's madness is a study of madness and does a great job, although I do not know what happens with justification for his subsequent deadly actions. He's moving in a good pace, enjoying his narration and enjoying the constant connection between Alank in his illnesses and the disintegration he sees in the world around him and it's a fun way to spend about 90 minutes. Needless to say, you should miss a dentist's phobia, or you will not go again! I liked the end of the table when I liked it, I will not say anything more ... <br /> <br /> The director Yuzna performs her usual work here, I do not think I saw a Yuzna. I do not enjoy the films that I do not enjoy, and he expects them to play with the fear of the dentist, who puts on beautiful teeth, removing the teeth of the people and disturbing sexual diseases by doing drugs and torturing operations. scary dentist drill. There are other gore scenes, including a dead dog, someone with a knife cut off and cut off the language. Yuzna's movie is about to give a little budget to a specific style, he tries to bend his camera, which creates some nice angles and likes a photo that surpasses the camera and splatter on the floor with a huge splatter of blood splinters. Technically, Dentistry is a good, decent film, music and production value, although some special makeup effects are not convincing. Everyone who plays with Corbin plays a pretty solid role in crackpot's performance. Ken Foree's favorite and favorite of the genre will be the Detective Gibbs Gibbs. <br /> <br /> The dentist did not expect the way I expected and it was better, if you're a fan of horror and maybe want something different, it's worth seeing. I like it and I think it's worth the clock.
