The dentist is a very thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we all agree that having a psycho dentist is far greater than the monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why the movie is so terrifying. In this movie, you might think about your dentist several times. Whether you're capable of doing things ... Better to pray that your wife has not deceived her. That's the story. When a respected LA dentist realizes that his wife is beating up with the pool. (That's the biggest profession in the world. Some people always take advantage of housewives when their husbands are at home). Then, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, is the only thing to revenge. It can not be put on his patients, and some of them are hurt. Things are not easy for our dentist, when an annoying fiscal controller, a strange police officer and his suspicious staff go after them. At times, Dr. Feinstone can not take it. Now he is not just his wife, but after all that comes to him. Writes and directs the Brian Yuzna dentist and is written by Stuart Gordon. You can take that same recommendation. These two people gave us some beautiful (and most liked) horror films, like Re-Animator, Beyond and Society. With a dentist they will get an entertaining and very cold thriller again. This movie really came true at the moment. In this decade we did not bring huge horror films. I'm not saying this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is superb as obsessive hygiene. I often remember comedy or theater actor, but it will surely handle a psychotic character. He does the rest of the work as well. Feinstone's wife is a very attractive woman. It was also wonderful to play Ken Foree again. The actor in the film, Dawn of the Dead, plays the police movie. Yuzna from Beyond also dropped him 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I do not recommend any movie (if you have a weak stomach, I suggest you jump), but if you see, you will enjoy it a lot. You'll be happy ... but I think it's an additional reason. It's been a long time since I was terrified of watching a movie. Gender management is a great issue and Yuzna is a great way. It was a bad movie that was not a completely useless sequel. My opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
