I thought ROTJ had the best of three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that many of the people who voted for the Trilogy were the weakest of ROTJ. It seemed to me that it was the best of ROTJ, because it had the deepest plot, suspense, surprise, the greatest emotions (especially the end) and, undoubtedly, the most episodic film. Personally I liked the likes of Empire Strikes Back, but I think that since it was a bit slower than the ROTJ it was slower, it was not episodic, and I did not feel any emotion or emotion with the third. movie <br /> <br /> Likewise, I also like to read these astonishing opinions, because ROTJ's reasons for being just under two other films, are pure reasons for excellence. full movie I have heard a lot of strange reasons, for example: a) Because Yoda was killed b) Bobba Fett was killed c) Small Ewoks defeated the group of stormers d) Darth Vader revealed <br /> <br /> I would like to divert him. For each of these reasons I think they will lose that point completely. First, Who is caring if Bobba Fett dies? If he wanted to kill George Lucas, he wanted to kill him. Do not be misunderstood by Bobba Fett's enthusiast, but some cameras have appeared and there was no intention of being the main character of the movie that fans of Star Wars fans had. His name was not mentioned anywhere in the movie ... You should go to credit to know Bobba Fett! I judge ROTJ because I killed a small character, I think it's a bit ... Secondly, many fans did not kill Yoda. Of course, it was an important era of the movie. I was not happy to watch it die, but it makes the movie more realistic. Good people do not have to keep alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise, if all the good friends had lived and the bad men killed the movie would be like a cartoon on Saturday morning. Another aspect of people who love Yoda's death at this point. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader waited for Obi Wan Kenob to A New Hope. (Many believe that the New Testament is the best of Trilogy) Why has Obi Wan been dead well, but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmm .... Other reason I believe is that people have found that beautiful Ewoks is not possible by storm authorities. That's totally ridiculous! I can not believe this !! First and foremost, Ewoks are endorsing Endor on his original planet, since they live there and know their land. If you look closely at the tactics that tactics were carefully monitored by the movies, it was a great advantage for home-made work. (As you live in the woods for your whole life, you could learn how to use your advantage) They planned to ride pedestrian, rope, logs, pedestrian and other traps. Diving was very disadvantages because they were not aware of the advantages of the forest. They had their own blaster. To add, there was no Ewoks fighting against the storm, the rebel group that conquered it gave them great help. When I thought that Startrooper had to beat the combination of Star Wars heroes, a group of rebel people, as well as the huge Ewoks clan who knew the land, would be horrible. In the end, if this scene had not yet been incredible ... What's happening in Empire Strikes Back or A New Hope, Han Solo, Chewbacca and Princess, were shot in the form of ten storm magazines. and all their blaster lost while they were full view of the heroes !! And not only that, the heroes, of course, always resist their storms with their blast. Then the soldiers must be a myth! The empire strikes back at least, the Battle of Endor was much more believable when the two armies did not oppose each other, they did not have 3 heroes against a legion against thunderstorms. Do you not believe me? Check out the Battle of Cloud City heroes who fled Lando's base. Or when our heroine Heros Leia retrieved and when they shot (they somehow missed) as Han Solo and Luke were trying to get out of Death Star. <br /> <br /> I am finally discussing the reason (they are just others ... here's a pretty ridiculous time for me.) People do not reveal it to Darth Vader! Well, in many ways it was a big part of the movie plot. Luke tried to find out if Luke was his father, Annakin Skywalker. He would have been very disappointed if he had finished filming Luke's father's face if he had not finished it. According to Annakin's revelation, Darth Vader was aware of the dark side (his helmet), and the good person was Annakin Skywalker (with the helmet removed). The fact is that Annakin has become clear and that's the meaning that came with removing the helmet. In fact, that would be if I wanted to do it in that scene if it was Luke's father ... Would not you have done what you wanted to see if your son was watching with your eyes, before the death and not machining the helmet? <br /> <br /> In another note, I believe that the advent of unconscious or consciousness of many people must be worse (even better) because previous ROTJ has no other reason. It's worth a few rewards. I never got into the film with that thought, I always try to get into the movie "The original might be better or worse ... but I do not know for sure. Let's see." "So I feel open and I do not think about thinking that a superb movie is just as good as it is. <br /> <br /> I do not know who criticizes these films, but I asked. University students and adults in the Star Wars film It's a favorite and everyone tells me that ROTJ is a remarkable and very deceptive result of those elections - the bottom line, the Jedi return, was the best of Trilogy, which was set for 135 minutes. I got everything I could do. There was no end to scare, each scene was suspenseful, exciting, astonishing or pre-eminent. For example, Luke and his father have been a better match between the emotional light of the ROTJ than any Empire from the empire's beat! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people go to watch the Phantom Menace open, if fans are looking for nitpicky and insignificant details (or "another sequel to another they do not "see"), for example, "This movie is terrifying because Luke is not there!" Then this merry movie will become another spectacular film that will be subject to a revolutionary unfortunately like ROTJ. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
