I remembered when I was a teenage movie, my best friend told me about this movie and how it scared a child. Of course, being a thirsty blood I am, I had to get out of this movie and get out. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I'll tell you, I saw the movie to have fun! I know it's a fool, it's not the best story, it's bloody and terrifying beyond that, but I'm looking for that, and it's the mad cowboy, blood, sex, and psychopath. Sometimes I need a fun movie like this to loose it and save it. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanness. On the anniversary of his marriage, Brooke was imprisoned by his wife with his dirty pool man, Matt. In her dental practice, the first Feinstone's day sick is Jody Saunders, a young man, because of her first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. At first everything goes well, until Jody's teeth are brown and upset. Her tooth breaks slips and Jody knocked on the gowns. Jody's mother weeps, bleeds and feels angry. Feinstone sees her second patient, Queen of April Reign. With only April, Feinstone seduced nitrous oxide to fill one of its molars. While he is experiencing imperiously, he imagines that Feinstone becomes his wife. He starts kissing and kisses on the teeth chair, then begins to sink. April cough and half awakens from gas. Feinstone eliminates her trance and spins her April blouse again quickly. Feinstone finishes premature days and sends her staff and patients home. That night, Brooke meets Feinstone in his practice. She shows the new room for the Italian opera theme for the patient. Brooke has encouraged to test the dentist's chair. When doing so, Feinstone connects to the chair and sedits nitrous oxide. Back-to-back music enabled Brooke to start his teeth. Feinstone has gone out of the end, and no doubt no one is going to leave her purity. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie is as absurd as it was, I had fun watching the Dentist. Undoubtedly, the best scene for a bad IRS agent is teaching hygiene lesson, I am sure I will never forget it. Inside, I did not think when I saw a dental dentist when I did so much tooth. Yes, I will warn you, this film is not in any way heartfelt, it is very bloody. You have stomach, guns and just the wild scenes of tooth-torture that make your stomach rotate. However, I have enjoyed somehow this movie, if I want a good gore movie for real fans of horror, I will slide my DVD player, which is "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Yes, yes, I try, give me a small credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
