Harry Dirty's main theme is revenge that is a dish that serves cold. Sandra Locke is very cold in this film, because it's beautiful. Lockek "8" is normal, but with the lethal bag in the "rugged" purse for boys, climbs up to "10". After being raped in the gang, Locke wanted to lock Locke, the youngest of his life, a couple of years ago, with his younger sister. His sister, that is to say, traumatism is almost comatose, so memory is never far from his mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of his attackers on S.F street; he buys a gun, continues a bar, lets him take it, and then, just in Cadillac, he starts making love, he shoots ... once in the genitals, once in the brain ... this in the opening scene! I love this Spunky lady. He has direct priorities. Moreover, Jennifer is a professional artist and keeps her anger on the canvas until now. After completing the first performance, Jennifer Det. Insp. Harry Callahan processes fresh crime scene after finding Caddy's body. Then, on the street, women were bothered by some awful teenagers who treated him with ill treatment, he visits his sister's nursing home and then raises San Paolo (CA) up "along the coast", rape several years ago. In the head of his suitcase and bullets, his heroines recapture his intense rape on his head when he approaches his next racer. It is not for us to be commonplace, in terms of filling a criminal offense, do not be saddened by its evil human, RECOMMENDS A DEMONSTRATION CRITERIA AND ORIGINAL. Remember these events, steels, every generation against actors, once genital, once in the brain. Throughout the movie, the scenes of the revenge of Jennifer are mixed, IL 'Dirty Harry drops some gangsters in cafes, remember "Go ahead, DO IT DO". Later, he was threatened by a punk boy (crashed by Callahan) in a court lodge, just like dogs ... however, as if he were waiting for Clint to leave a young young female worker. Saying "I want to be your baby". My favorite scene is just about 30 minutes from the action, Harry threatens to name a boss Thrillis who kills his grandchild's reception at the Mark Hopkins hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli II Padrinoa) does a wonderful job as a Mafia Don sinner, though he is only in one scene, as convinced. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The punk group of the elevator and the male killer of Threlkis make every effort to kill Harry's two close scenes, and most of them are dying. Yes, some of theatrical works come up as non-useless screen violence ... Clint's director may seem like maybe shooting this movie. But if you have so many ways you can send a bullet for a man. Punk children die much more creatively, as well as those who make death and fall into S.F. Bay He heats my heart. Inspired violence intensity. Callahan, his leaders send San Paolo information on "22 caliber vasectomy killings," as Jennifer Spencer's crime has been reported, before Harry handed over one of his most famous preachers. liberals Love Harry While our heroine is a bit annoying by police and citizens of the town of San Paolo, there are two other killings, the same M.O., quiet, lazy fishermen and an innovative hardware to the company. Then Harry finds Jennifer! The two laws and orders, the payment of the guilty, etc. This is just what we think. The characters are: Real-Man Real-Woman fights crime drama, and we meet Raye Parkins, a bullfight of the bullring, which is a twist and entertaining. Raye put his "boyfriend" on Jennifer's rape a few years before and eventually gets his. Police chief of San Paolo, chief of police at San Jose, led by Pat Hingle (Hanging High Judge), in Eastwood, is shocking at detective work related to Callahan's 22-cal vasectomies. A teenager was a group of rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, Janning's director's son is now an adult, but he is guilty of guilt. However, it can not be ended. Dik's boy rapist, criminal, sex kinky-jerk, goes out to Vegas, Raye left Jennifer a centimeter and called on San Paolo to avoid further executions. Mick Raye sleeps at home, but he is in a hurry all the time and he was arrested before Raye spent more time, especially when he was sent to Lesboes on the Eternal Island with a shot by Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick eventually bails out, and Jennifer is working with her. A disappointed Chase is formed, while Harry tries to kill each other. In the end, everything goes well, the guy and the guy get into the dusk and go to a beautiful song by Roberta Flack blues.
