When this film was originally published, "Dirty Harry is again again" was promoted. Anything that does not have an originality is offset and complete and complete accuracy is offset. "Sudden Impact," the previous three dirty Harry films have had a great success, a strong plot, powerful characters, endless guns, and bone-dry humor. Some of these items are not only maintained but enhanced, this is the part of the franchise, the bloodiest and the right one. <br /> <br /> The plot is quite strange: after hoodlums have been struck, Callahan sends his opposition "holidays" to the town of San Paolo. He wants to investigate the backdrop of a victim of the latest slaughter shot in the genital organs, without a second shot (undoubtedly obvious) thrown out in the second. In the first film, the viewer is aware of the murderer, an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who had been robbed of himself and his sisters who were thugs who had been raped ten years earlier. This event is shown in a flashback that is highly reversible, and its parts are repeated before each new murder. As more body starts to appear in the same M.O, it is clear that Harry's local police chief and his new love affair (who would invent it?) They do not know more. To make matters even more difficult, temporary violators realize that they are caught and those who start playing hard. <br /> <br /> "Immediate Impact" offers continuous end-to-end action. Clint Eastwood directs this film, and manages the correct piece of work that ended up in a magnificent blend of directing. Sondra Lock's performance effectively shows the blend of ruthlessness and fragility that defines his character. That said, the reason is that it is surprising that another actor (when he did not help Eastwood's screen) carries charisma and more weight. Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd can think of a possible candidate. Members of the support group that overwhelms their weight are: Albert Popwell, Horace Harry, Mick Drake, Psychopathy, Paul Drake, and Audrie J. Neenan, on stage robbery, portraying the evil Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the movie has a lot of problems: some sub-shots (one of Harry's cartoon characters and a twenty-one cartoon character, a discovery against him) takes too much time and they do not have any effect on the story anymore . Its real use is to increase body counts to senseless levels. In the first half of the film, Harry Dirty shoots a lot more than it often has to use. However, the film will move to the largest machinery and Callahan, with a slick and cross-stitching game between Spencer and his torments, plays a leading role. In this second hour, clearer screenwriters and false lies reveal that "Sudden Impact" could be a neo-noir-style first-grade noir, but it could still have the potential to take a new level. More than enough .44 heroic magnum to meet the loyalists of Harry. Instead, Eastwood and Warner Bros. made films with a clear prototype of the early 80s, especially those who particularly denounce the challenge of audience intelligence. <br /> <br /> This was the biggest collection of the series in the store, and it is not difficult to see why. Although it could not be a movie, this is still a great fun. Even after repeated displays, it will be your day.
