In Siegel's 1971 "Dirty Harry" masterpiece, Clint Eastwood super-hard, super-cool unorthodox, nonsensical film-makers summed up the role of Inspector 'Dirty' Harry Callahan in his own name. After continuing two follow-ups, the first of them, "Magnum Force", shocked many of the first critics, stifled the first wrong political and political wrongdoing. The second episode, "The Enforcer" began again, and it was promoted as "Harry's most dirty". This title is, however, the fourth feature of the series, called "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood; Without a doubt, the worst part of all the Harry movies is the loudest and most violent one, and in my low opinion, the second one. -Best masterpiece after the original. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS before! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) manages to lure her with her. These men do not know that this mysterious beauty is the first victim of rape, trying to make a bloody vengeance. Like fate, San Francisco's hardest policeman, Dirty Inspector Harry Callahan, once again angry with his bosses, spends his time in leisure in this small town ... "Sudden Impact" Callahan is a dirty movie in many ways. . The film is very hard and graphically violent. Harry Callahan is more dirty than ever. He is not afraid to be afraid of his 44th use. In order to solve the magnum problems, Harry 'punks' must be treated, and even though a person can escape several murders because of the murder of their victims justified. Clint Eastwood, as always, is fascinated by Harry Callahan's role. Eastwood had a freshness and badness called "Man With No Name" by Sergio Manon Dollar Trilogy, and again in Harry Dirty. "Impact on the sudden" Harry gives us generous sight. Sondra Lockek's real-life girlfriend in Eastwood fits the role of revenge on beauty. Pat Hingle, who worked with Ted Post in 1986 with the hard West "Hang 'Em High", plays a small police town. In addition, the film includes a number of presumed personalities, including Kevin Major Howard (Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan), a pathetic criminal. undoubtedly one of the national and most eminent female characters ever in cinema. Albert Popwell, a rogue bank, "Do you Feel Lucky?" In the famous name The scene of the black militant director "The Dirty Harry" and "The Enforcer" once again participate, this time as Harry's colleague and friend. In general, the "Sudden Impact" film "Dirty Harry" is one of the most rudest and most brutal of all the films, although "The Dead Pool" is not very suitable, and my second favorite was in 1971 after its original success. Callahan fans are essential and highly recommended for lovers of political emotions and cinematography. My rating: 8,5 / 10
