Clint Eastwood would reveal the battle against Harry Callahan, but he directed the fourth entry of "Harry Dirty". Sudden Impact once again looks like its other images, it's style and tone, but if there is one, it's probably the same as the original one in the darkest and most comfortable moments (and "Continue to my day" a classic line). ?? But some of his humor must be believed. A bulldog ?? little meat and little farts. Yes However, it is interesting that this introduction was not the only one set in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows the Callahan detective, introducing fragments of the murder shot by the victim. on the left and then between the eyes. Having problems with the offices and having caused some of the crimes of a criminal offense due to blood. He promised to take leave, but he is working for a town in the coastal town of San Paulo. There was something like a murder there. There begins the idea of ​​creating dirt, the idea of ​​revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I did not feel that Eastwood's fall was very hot, but after a lot of repetitions, it's almost totally "My Generous" to be able to match the Magnum Force's first sequel. This plot plot gives Eastwood an extra angle to work effectively (although it still resembles the sophisticated features of the caregiver at the time), it pretty much literally punishes it, but it is adversely affecting the earth. As if experimenting with thriller with black times, with character-oriented features, to help develop an innovative, emotional and emotional bubble. The use of images is permanent, due to its pre-eminent atmospheres. Dark tones, great lighting? At the end, for example, the western scene of a silhouette image (Harry .44 with its new gun) is like a scene. It's a striking sight that creates fear! Cold hauntingly mixing dash with brutality plains and humor. It seems to go away. The most significant increase in these films is interviewing, but I would not call the 'Immediate Impact' call, but it does have sharp exchanges and memorable lines? "You are the legend in your head". You do not like Harry listening to a fun listening before his piece. Does the impact that is taking place is exciting and intense? The only way to go and pass through the flat passages. Lalo Schfrin would return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" after Jerry Fielding's score), he brought a funky methodic shot, but he still breathed those dark breaths, his work behind the camera (with "Dirty Harry") he made a link, and he gives the film a great deal of space on some of the best tracks in drawing backgrounds, but acts in dramatic moments with comfortable corners. <br /> <br /> Eastwood Dinosaur Callahan is still punching more hearts than he would expect from a younger Callahan But it seems to me that it is a strange change of heart, and the beauty of Sondra Lock is the result of it. Traumatic torments (hidden away with their young sister) are hidden by a crystal-clear intensity When her anger is released, her tactical outcome is accurate, and Paul Drake is completely threatening It's dirty, like an anticipated thugs, and Audrie J. Neenan puts on them remarkable and nail polishes. These people are really ugly in the sweat range. Pat Hingle is a good head of a small coastal town. In smaller pieces Bradford Dillman and Albert Popwell are nice (common in the series 1-4, but in different characters). How to forget about Harry Dirty? Both banks are a thief at the end of the trademark quote "I'm sorry I'm sorry, well, do you, punk?"
