In George Lucas, the latest entry in STAR WARS is often the weakest. However, this is not a standard entry that is completely insignificant. On the other hand. Of course, the predecessors are not so innovative and sometimes slower, but giving the JEDI NAME is still a lot that guarantees the price of approval. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film. Luke and his friends are a classic rescue from Han Jabba Hutt Palace. Jabba, a truly annoying thing about the flesh that speaks in the language of his own is not a great evil, but also a memorable one. To build this giant dog must be a nightmare, much less, the spark and life that we see in the finished product. Actually, this sequence is a great fun for the fast use of puppets for the Jabba court members, including fear, slavery Rancor and Sarlaac's horrible pit monster. Masterly structures at its highest point while the punches pull. <br /> <br /> Things are somewhat slower around the second event, where Luke and Leia relate to the bloodstream and travels through the woods. Endor's planet, Ewoks, a whirlwind and solid house. Most of the claims I read seem to be centered on those living things that I have already read, as they call saga tones. I do not agree fully with that, even though this is the case as long as it is needed. However, his leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), is a brilliantly memorable creator and not only sees how to manage the Imperial Navy technology, but also offers a good contrast to natural weapons. <br /> <br /> We will arrive at the third event, however, the rhythm is coming out again, while fighting against Ewoksen against the troops, Lando and Rebel forces have launched an attack on the half-death of the Empire and the final fight against Luke With Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter connects the movie with the Jabba Palace sequences. Mark Hamill once again acts as Luke Skywalker on stage, and seeing Jedi Knight as a maturity, it can be unforgettable. Also, James Orl Jones's voice as Darth Vader's voice is the only one that plays Ian McDiarmid's scary nasty frightened scare. The triumph of the triumph increases the thrill of this momentous moment, as dark and remarkable as it is. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS always set the rules for special effects and technical work. JEDI can carry a candle to the front. Space fighting spells are just as wonderful as ever, and faster bicycles are in the woods. Obviously, since this film was made after HOPE NEW and EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it would not be surprising that the special effect has reached a higher level of excellence. STAR WARS is a classic rate; Hamilton, Harrison Ford, and Carrie Fisher focus on maturity and their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers the most horny moments of C-3PO. Frank Oz shows Yoda only two scenes, but he is most profited. Yes, there is also John Williams music. <br /> <br /> By all means, while JEDI RETURNS in the middle of the day, the first and third actions appear in style, this is quite encouraging. one of the greatest cats ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas rewrote the classical STAR WARS in digital versions (and upgraded) in digital restoration, "which has added the added effects and / or plans, like some improvements. For three years, the return of JEDI looks like STAR WARS fancied the greatest excitement. Maybe Jab Rocks's musical Jabba Rock's "Jedi Rocks" musical number might cause (if you're not funny, even if it's so easy), but it's interrupting the flow of the movie. However, I was just like end-stage scenes that celebrate the victory of the galaxy in many of the plans of this era, and this DVD version works more than ever. We will see more scenes of the final assembly (remarkably in Naboo, where listening to sounds like Jar Jar Binks We have, "Wesa free!"), and, probably, the controversial change, as Hayden Christens, as Anakin Skywalker's spectrum in the last scene. I, the hard-working (and unjust) contempt of the fans due to the relatively small work done by EPISODE II: CLONESEN INCLUSION seems to be unavoidable for fans only for this edition. However, if you are watching chronologically the STAR WARS saga (and thinking about it), there is a different chance to react. However, it is a problem posed by fans, so it is probably best to warn you beforehand. <br /> <br /> Mr. Lucas would be just as nice as the original versions of these three classic films. Regarding these reviews, he claims to be the "definitive" edition of his classic trilogy, and STAR WARS is seen as a complete saga, as Lucas has invented, it makes sense to keep it technically and consistently consistent. Original movies will always be engraved on our memories, but these new features are really fun, they can give them an opportunity.
