Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" director / star of the film "Dirty Harry" is an attractive accessory: film making and genius. The piece is cancerous and absurd, sometimes bright and classical. There's a lot of echoes from the first movie here - "Do my day" scene reminds you of the shooter "You're Feeling Lucky", a nasty star is most internationally the first movie Scorpio is playing, an actress. The bad first bad thing returns here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Even with the senior teams in the Harry Callahan department, this is still the opposite, but it's still hard now, but now it's older and more demanding. The ongoing conflict between principals is a metaphor for inner conflict: respect for law and respect for the pure spirit of justice, two things are not always compatible. It's a matter under the "Unbelievable" series. The first film made a simple question: "About the rights of the victim?" - Does the criminal compare to the opposite?). The response to this film was controversial, which offered a sequel to drawing Harry's line of intelligent intelligence ("Magnum Force" very nice). Dirty Harry, like many other Clint roles, is the revenge character, the defenseless protector. However, the film will be returned to the victim, in this case, Jennifer (presented by Sondra Lock) decides to rape herself and her disabled sister by attacking and hunting men (and women). committed to crime <br /> <br /> Without going into a play-by-play for the whole movie, I'll say, "Sudden Impact" repeated the first movie, it really has dropped a bit. References and jokes about the whole series (a confusion about Captain's name is an example, which I think is a necessity). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is clear - is this mischievous woman finding the soul-mate of our police hero? And is it sensible for the rights of his sister and sister? The interchange between these films is, ultimately, a poetic tendency of the series, I want to be personally (like a fan). This last scene only affects the sudden impact of the "Harry Dirty" collection, which is the perfect answer to the first film. ("The Dead Pool" does not stop), this amazing movie is Harry Callahan's suspenseful but comical suspense, which defines a character like this.) <br /> <br /> This movie was made in theaters - Reagan audience Harry and his looks were very attractive, and the president often mentioned "Ahead, do my day."
