It is a strange thing to watch movies, because some scenes are quite weak (although compared to their legacy with other films), and in the "sub-plot" or supporting story, others are provocative and powerful. Sudden Operation is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood can be the best star / producer / director to face his or her magical times at a crime / mystery / detective story to deal with his reputation for Dirty Harry. "We have my own day" and it's not like playing in the first movie and the "second coming" was a playful and, as a nail for the second time, it has changed. He gets another, along with the department, as usual, trying to resist the crime's 'his' way, especially with a suppository suppression (Pulp Fiction's inspiration?) And with the fast tracking of older people's buses. He says "Take vacation", which is the last. This main plot is not very persuasive with the hope of the story and its lines, which adds to frustration. But soon his story coincides with the sub-plot that Eastwood develops from the outset. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Lock, Jennifer Spencer, soon we will learn (suitably) after some mysterious scenes, he and his shy sister. They were victims of cruel and unfair sexual assault (wrongdoing, exact rape) and are undergoing sexual immorality. His scene and story are the strongest part of the movie, the most intense and, finally, when he comes to the Callahan story (a crime is happening in a small town), this film finds Eastwood's classic form. clearly against the evil (though sometimes blurred, sure). Eastwood shoots flashbacks, not many of them say too much, intelligently, in a fresh and experimental style; The score of Lalo Schifrin is totally atmospheric in these and other scenes. It seems a couple of times that the sensitivity of the work goes hand in hand with the Eastwood storytelling, which helps to look at the film. <br /> <br /> It's a pity, but eventually it's over. Waiting for the point (or maybe not expecting it), and until Callahan does not have much to do with the third action, "smith ... Wesson ... and I am" shtick. However, Locke performs very well (it's more subtle and moving than Gauntlet) and is at the peak of a recreational park. I'm doing it one way and I'm not talking to Ebert's commentary that it's like 'music video' in Eastwood. I confess that the comparisons of both parties are correct, but scenes that Eastwood breaks out are any music video clips. It's hard, it's hard not to match "Harry" with the first two, but it may be a bit worse with the 44's.
