"Star Wars: A New Hope" once again redefined the science fiction, "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it is hard to believe that the third and final movie of this trilogy may be just as good as two. But this is really nice. The first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger that has been left behind, with a drawn-out plan, in accordance with the suspensions and actions of the first two films. Then, the movie rebelled the alliance and what's up to the war back. There is a lot of action in the fight against the final anti-revolt emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of the seats, and the latter is more intense than other films. This Klimax is a more intense action than in any other trilogy, with the greatest revolt. This is constantly changing the battle between the striking teams (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the fighting in space (including Lando), and the battle between Luke and the Emperor between the new Death Star. It's another with Darth Vader. It is really vital that the rebels lose the battle that determines the outcome of the war, and it seems that there is no escape. Even though Ewoks believe that there are many ideas that suffer from more than one stormer, it does not seem very real, given that there were more districts that rebels could use, because they only had a threat to the storm. fighting luck. One or two of them never saw anyone at the end, and maybe it's not so amazing with "The Empire Strikes Back," but they're still a very impressive trilogy. A lightweight "A New Hope" and a lighter tune of the movie "The Empire Strikes Back" ends with the film combining these two films. He focused on the "special version of the Jedi return", which we would like to change, because he really did not need the original parts. The fifteen years of technological advances do not seem to be worse than fifteen years ago in the case of the scene manager, and there is still a TIE fighter for the final disappearance, but this is only good. Sarlaac's mouth was not the source of temptations and a huge movement over the head, which added to the final suspense. He also came out of the palace at Jabba Palace, and the end of the original was replaced by a great celebration of victories throughout the galaxy, instead of Ewok, a small village in the case of the original. It really ended a well-deserved story. It's hard to say the best of the three films, but since it is part of the same story, the sharp trilogy is like a great and great movie. The third movie to watch movie lovers.
