The vigilante has been fascinated by audiences for some time because it creates quick and secure justice; Good man overcomes evil and the wicked gets his wilderness. Dirty Harry Callahan's character (played by Clint Eastwood) has become so popular. He works inside and inside the badge, but, heartfelt, Harry is the guarantor, the justice that fills his "path", often confronting his bosses, as well as the criminals he does. But it is the viewer who draws; Everyone who has been bureaucratic is nonsense, someone sees a red ribbon and keeps it up, if it only exists on the screen. And the satisfaction generated by justice - and quickly - is one of the elements that Eastwood makes and succeeds in `Sudden Impact '. In this series, in the fourth series, when he was murdering, Harry finds himself in a real guardian, with an exception: who he is, does not have an inscription. <br /> <br /> The Callahan inspector, with his inimitable way, has again been in the bad side of the department and has to take some holidays. So, no; Only `Harry Dirty '. In a small town in the north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself in the midst of a homicide case, which quickly connects him to a recent murder of San Francisco. author's staff Since then, Jannings (Pat Hingle) finds the resistance of the local director, suggests his tactics and great methods of another city. However, no one will feel, Harry continues his research and eventually joins Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) with a beautiful and talented young artist. Little by little, Harry finds a connection between the victims; The question is smoking, but where is Jennifer Spencer included? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is an excellent form here, in front of and behind the camera, and it's arguably the best of the second five. -Film series, behind the original `Harry Dirty '. Seven years have elapsed since Harry's recent offer ("The Enforcer, '1976), but Eastwood has steadied its strength and strength to the character, and this is definitely a good choice for the director's chair because of its nature As a result of the recovery, this "spirit", which has succeeded in making these films known, makes this a continuation of the seven years of seven-year void, as it does with all the directors. it sets a deliberate rhythm that works best and creates enough tension from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Joseph Stinson's scripts write and formulate well with the distinctive "Harry Dirty" style, the conversation is fast and the story itself (Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is thought to be the original "Harry Dirty" because he prefers to play very personal aspects of drama work. They are well-crafted and credible, and, of course, Harry gave Harry one of the best phrases in his speech: "Go, move on my day ..." <br /> <br /> Like Harry, Clint Eastwood has this character so It embodies all the elements that make it known: It is inhabited by a personal moral code, pioneers established in this country and something similar to America. Nowadays. Harry makes a sense of freedom and justice that keeps him and he's so dear, perhaps more than ever today. It does not matter who we are or where we are from, certainly we want some of us to have Harry or at least be around. "Harry dirty" is an icon of cinema, and it is impossible for anyone to see Eastwood; Better or worse, Eastwood `Harry 'is dirty, surely, Sean Connery James Bond and Basil Rathbone, like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Here Sondra Lockek is fully effective in Jennifer Spencer's role. a woman, wrong and wrong, or as she sees it, "justice." A compelling and introspective approach beyond the features of the "action" genre brings a tough distinction linked to weakness in its nature. In addition to violence, Lockek focuses on the traumatic events that Jennifer and his stage of life have experienced. His portrait is an excellent complement to Eastwood Harry, and in philosophy and in deed he becomes something of his party. <br /> <br /> Boosting roles, two performances stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best. psycho 'Since Andy Robinsons's dynamic portrayal of the killer series "Dirty Harry". Indeed, as screen time is very limited, Drake sets an incredible and compelling reality, which adds to the total reaction of the audience. This is Harry who can not wait for the end to care. Similarly, Audrie J. Neenan, the character of Ray Parkins, is similar to "low life," which can be found at any of the bars in any city. Gut is a performance that reminds us of a low response, and adds credibility to the film, because it helps to make sense of realism. <br /> <br /> Helps include Albert Popwell (Horace). Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With an excellent mix of drama and action, Sudden Impact gives justice to the reality that rests; a perfect justice that is not so perfect in the world, that creates a pleasant cinema experience. 9/10.
