In the "immortal Shaun" of the dead, where we entered London, grasses and high-powered people are forced to fight meat-eaters, revised versions of their friends and family. At the end of the movie, the zombie is not harmed and is used as a cheap job. "Fido" presents a epilemma called "Shaun", set out in America in 1950, "what if ...?" movie <br /> <br /> A post-zombie-apocalypse movie will be set to get a change; After the shooting of Zombie Wars, the creation of the ZomCon company and its corpses ended up creating zombies patented collars. All the peoples of the world are out of the Wild Zones, the fertile landscapes of the inhabitants of the alive city and those outside the apocalyptic events. The idyllic city of Willard is a typical neighborhood in your 50s, with a small difference; The social status measures the amounts of family areas. Unfortunately, the Robinson family does not have any zombies, as a result of the patriarch, in Bill, the fear of the resurrected dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen are under pressure from suburban lifestyle. Helen has bought a zombie officer when she tries to impress her neighbors. <br /> <br /> A zombie gets the love of Timmy when he regains it. A couple of violent bullies, and both make up a rivalry against the classic "boy and his-dog" ... a boy and his area. Timmy appoints his "pet" Fido, and soon helps Timmy and Helen to escape from the habit of escape from prison. To get rid of the routine that he has joined. Robinson must have a close relationship with a sudden zombie epidemic, and they still keep Fido dear. <br /> <br /> A film that has as many stars as its sharp star and sharp rumors (including) The Matrix ", Carrie-Anne Moss, Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido," Fido "is a zom-com in these years With some sublimation sublimations, for example, Helen and Fido have taken on the worst and worrisome feelings that one another has started with, and commentaries on the 50's and the zombie genres, the worst (and the best) of the movies. "Fido", far away, is one of the best dark comedy I have ever seen, one of the best films I've ever seen, and THE ZOM-COM best ever since "The incredible dead."
