If you like horror movies with a lot of blood and gore, you can try tons of dangling scenes that make you jump on tricks and dreadful deaths. If you like horror, delight and thought about the horror feeling that leaves blood out, Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, emphasizes George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and his young son. Thousands of cities pass through snowy beaches outside of the city on a long weekend. In the climb, George strikes a stem with the car. The deer-seeking hunters are not exciting, when they discover George's discovery. Especially, it's personally awesome Otis huntsman. The family follows her holiday home, as she sees them. George and Kim spy on sex. When they do not go into the house, they shoot with their rifles from their windows so they can meet their disturbed holes in their windows and walls. When Kim moves Miles to the village office, Miles exhibits a small sculpture like a man with a stem. An American American has said that Miles is Wendigo, who tastes of the forest, tastes hunger and is always hungry. Thousands seem home to the house, which dies before deer before a day. That afternoon, when his father and sledding go on, George shoots and Miles continues to walk through the woods, barely see a creature ... or is it just a mess, and imagines the whole thing? Later, George goes to the hospital and Miles, if he presses his statue, dreams or dreams, or Wendigo is looking for a way back. This time, an angry god, who flesh, mankind and mankind eats, is looking for Otis, that is, he has finally left behind. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautiful movie, almost completely silent but windy with snow-covered trees. Well, therefore, the monster itself is a compact appearance, but it's a small mistake, over the tension and horror feeling that goes into every frame of the film, and the silent snowman in the background. The performances are excellent, especially because Jake Weber is George and Patricia Clarkson as mood and thought as his sweet but not absurd wife. He is a happy couple with the common problem quotes, and their relationship and the strength they love each other is a powerful film. Watching this movie is like watching someone's home videos, so realistic performances. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. A lot of people can get bored, Lovecraftian Beast is waiting for a horrible revenge and never come. We can never be sure if Wendigo already exists, as seen through the eyes of sensitive children, and later by the eyes of a madman. This is a drama that is more fearful than a horror movie, but it has creepy little elements in it to meet fans of subtle horror.
