Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and her son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) will travel to the country for a relaxing weekend in winter from the noisy metropolises of Manhattan. On the way they knocked a dollar and were stuck in the snow. There are a group of hunters who followed dogs. To help, Otis (John Speredakos) is a hunter at least crazy because he accidentally cuts the damned accident. George, Kim and Miles Otis are worried, and even worse, we quickly learn that Otis learned later. Meanwhile, Miles is a wendy given by an Indian (an Indian / mind that changes apparently). Otis is a psycho to get our heroes? Are there wendigo in the woods? <br /> <br /> I can see what Wendigo has to do with the audience. It is a low-budget film that often shows along with technical boundaries. A large part of the movie, and perhaps everything, is not about the creator. And maybe it's a fatal blow to many people, it has an ambiguous ending, leaving some answers out of the question. If you are not recommending these victories and you do not like movies that you plan to think and discuss, do yourself aside and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like that. I prefer some ambiguities. Wendigo focuses on those who want to be a fast and scary creature. In the end they expect a supernatural monster that overcomes a victory. In the end, everything will only be linked to the opening of Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but this movie is not. Wendigo is much more reflective and poetic than the surface of these beings suggests to the public. Shepherd, writer and director Larry Fessend also has George character, reciting Robert Frost. Frosten's poem and George's film is the essence of Frost's film that reminds us of the most complex images and atmospheres. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the film is complexity. In a way, there are four different films at the same time, the thread of each character. In George's, he is the happiest or most agreeable guy in the world and has some problems with his parents. For him, the film makes the realist and awful attacks of his life worse. Patricia wants to rejuvenate his life and his family. He is a psychologist, above all, that he denies his problems around him, that they will go on to improve. In Otis's quest, he's even luckier than George's luck, and when George joins his life, he is the ultimate crack of psychological armor. And within Miles's queue, surely the most important part of the film, life is like a great poem, due to its innocence and world interpretation. But the horror story is, in the end, even though there is a clear expectation, and the incidents in the film give Miles a poetic performance in a dark turn. However, when all is done, it seems to be the only one that maintains the poetic appearance. <br /> <br /> Even though the movie has a small budget, there is a lot to run well. higher budget Fessenden and Terry Stacey, the director of photography, find some beautiful locations in a beautiful location, and created some interesting slides (such as cards or Indian Wendigo in the book). More interesting are also more traditional assemblies such as Miles's nightmare. Wendigo is shooting and editing better than a high budget movie. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are eligible for a quote. In the end, "Wendigo" seemed to work for me and was quite ambiguous. Lighting was usually good - sometimes dark, obviously not as clear as they were, but it seemed that there was a bigger problem between the movie (instead of being digital) or the transfer. The performances were good and much more realistic (if you value it) than most of the movies. Even if the score was not really realized, it should be OK, or I would notice it with a negative note. In general, Wendigo is a great cinema worthy of it. If you do not have to think of films you do not see.
