An outstanding example of film work alchemy, lead script with a whirlwind (numbingly mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less), a 24-year-old musical style that is both elegant and bright. Intense direction, fresh performances, passionate, specific production values, a tedious innovation in the 1950s, an infectious and effervescent shoot-off, and a great beat and beat point in Curtis Mayfield. . <br /> <br /> Stories, a story based on the real exploitation of Supreme, prosecutively document the arduous ladder of three young black girls and impoverished adventurous adventurers. ratty, unrewarding ghetto ghost and great make Razzle-dazzle commercial R & B music world. All the pratfalls of immediate wealth and success are evident, such as drugs, medication, corruption, fighting for your integrity, etc. They are foreseen, but fortunately, the work appears evenly in the movie sections almost completely. Schumacher's four strokes and a pure inspiration. First-class performance helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith bring you sexy, passionate and attractive sensations ... and great singers to start. Good performances are also similar to the delightful "Michael Vice" Philip Michael Thomas, teammate director, Dorian Harewood, McKee's venal, hound dog aggressively loving and a sustainable exploitation of Tony Blocks ("Hell Up in"). Harlem, "Bucktown") King is a dangerous, seductive, gentle rock like a mafia gangster, a tone that is fun and melancholic and melancholy and wonderful, without forgetting the rhythm, the ode of great power to overcome the difficult and scary problems of the human mind To become clear and radiant, the veteran editor Sam O'Stern will release himself immediately, Bruce Surtees's brilliant cinematography and expert Gordon Scott's editing are superb. O'Stern's solid, tiny eyes, but with little details and that tells us a permanent and nonsensical rhythm, it's amazing. Yes, fool around the great contributions of Curtis Mayfield's soundtracks, "Jump out", "What can I do with this feeling", "Givin up", "Take my hand, Lord Precious" "Lovin 'You Baby" and "Look Into Your Heart" are all terribly melodies, soulful, incredibly wonderful songs, "Go to Love Something He Can Feel" I love the kids, then covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, clearly the best music honors bring the whole movie together. Based on the clear result of the outstanding features mentioned above, sometimes it is not the screenplay with so much script, because a film's sterling is a general quality.
