Experience has been double. For some reason, XX. The greatest scientific ment of the century had never been the star of a movie. According to the closest to Einstein films, it is the CAESARIAN CAMPAIGN (just like "ex-ma-china"), a great man listens to a headset in the radio quiz show, as Ronald Colman has demonstrated. In the end they gave a direct response and BULLSHOT where Albert had a dozen great deals with cannabis He is one of the twelve physicists and scientists who have suffered badly, with the intention of stealing some of their machines. It is noteworthy that in these two cases, and in QI, we are working on comedy. Until now, no one has ever made a serious film about Einstein's life, like John Huston's attempt to join FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it is very difficult to enter into an exciting conversation of the world of mathematical equations or the theory of electromagnetic fields. But only three years ago Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer made A BEAUTIFUL MIND. Maybe nobody really tried it. <br /> <br /> (* After writing this, I remembered YUE EINSTEIN a successful comedy Yahoo Serious about ten years ago, but this is an exception and it was it.) <br /> Another exclamation Albert was a great actor. Walter Matthau was the series of his works with Jack Lemmon in the last decade of his career. Matthau was a very talented and stylish character in comedy and theater, but in general, THE FORTUNE COOKIE "Whiplash Willie" was a variant of Gingrich. They were connectors and gonads. Then they liked their criminal attitude, but they kept their grumbling types. But his Albert Einstein is really sweet. Willie Clarke like Kotch. <br /> <br /> Albert plays as a good uncle Albert. Matthau's Einstein Princeton resides with his nephew, Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and is watching bad guy James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs, and it is led by Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) to the auto-shop. Robbins falls to Ryan, who is attracted to it, but finds he has no headaches that he admires. Good Uncle Albert, helped by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher, and Gene Saks) decide to help with Robbins and apparently become an unknown physics genius. This opens the doors of love between her and Ryan, as Ryan is shocked and Fry does not spoil things (as expected). <br /> <br /> It's a nice atmosphere, like Matthau and his kids. create a super-chemistry quiz Robbins will help you cheat (by changing its body positions). At the end of the plot, the superb Robbins is built by the atomic rocket ship, which brings the interests of the nation according to the image of Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). a strange comedy, and an interesting time about Matthau, which was generally not hyper-like, but much less.
