Yes, you read it well, the kids. Michael Bay should learn this movie before making "Transformers" more than fashionable, excessive and excessive. "Robot Jox" is better than both, and Megan Fox's personal trainer is less than the "Transformers" team. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this strange jewel was known for being a movie at the beginning. He was defeated by the Empire Pictures studio at Charles and Albert Band, and said he has worshiped over the years. I remember hard to see the VHS in the early 1990s when its initial video was published and the Cold War politics / stereotypes of the time were outdated (while the band was lucky when it fell into communism). until sitting down on the waiting list, is not it?), B-Movie is still a bit small. They really do not do any more of this, or if so, the way to the bay and CGI are overwhelming. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar, here is Robo-ball: we. In the future somewhere and after the holocaust, large-scale "wars" have been banned. Nationals conflicts are located in the current region (or perhaps they must be machine-makers) by a representative of the giant Robot Shogun Warrior parties. Excluding the "bot" that leaves the "bot". Gary Graham (later Sykes detective in the "Alien Nation" series) plays "Achilles" on the Marketplace at Robot Jock (a.k. guys on). He has not won any of the previous nine Robot victories in Achilles before he has retired to "Jock" for ten. At the beginning of the film, "Confederation" (ie, Russkies!) Is at stake. Alexander Dolph Lundgren's worst stereotype is Ivan Dolgo's "Rocky IV." The draw is called Alexander's latest lawsuit that violates the rules of a Robot robot and eventually ends up shaky Akiles , but a whole series of spectators kills him. He is waiting for a fight, but Akiles simply needs to expel him, to hang his helmet and continue his life. Instead of revealing much more of the Breaching Rules of Spoiler Rules, I'll just say There are two turns and turns, scenes behind the skulldcherery, and other difficulties. Achilles and his fellow "Jox" have two robotic titans fighting once again once again in the final. <br /> <br /> I do not expect this film to be a kind of science fiction masterpiece , because that's not it. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I've been given a B-grade science fiction movie This concept is more than just the concept of superiority, sometimes known as budget limits (especially those with clear screen tricks). The best movie coming out of Empire / Full Moon Pictures. Robot-proof scenes are done very well using the stop / pattern techniques of the old school, and sets and costumes do not seem half-disturbed. Empire Pictures and Stuart Director ("Re-Animator") Gordon shot this picture for these stars. Unfortunately, it's not for them (or in the studio) but it was not a cool heckuva movie. Bottom Line: If you want to be listening and watching for 2 hours, rent a movie "Transformers". In the end, it's likely that you would like to watch all of this time playing a different video game. If you want Rock'em, sock'em robot a good time, get Robot Jox instead.
