Maria Braun got married in the middle of the fight and her husband Hermann. To begin, an explosion broke the building, and Hermann and Hermann had to sign papers in a pile of rubble. Perhaps, something that may come from something is a heavy metaphor: rocks wedding, so to speak. The husband and wife are fighting for war, and it is celebrated in the Russian jail, Mary's hopeful but hopeful and proud, that is, the depressing waste station station. Hermann waiting for the signal. <br /> <br /> Problems arise, as in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and as she is the best and provocative, Maria (Hanna Schygulla, who is unbelievably beautiful herb in that role). He faces two faces: he will be next to the man, although he tries to work in an American GI bar and, even though he has heard a fellow soldier killed by Hermann, he will continue with him while he is still sleeping with the black IG and his child. (this is, of course, until he appears again and the murder happens and he is traveling in a mule), or working for German businesses (Ivan Desny is a real good man) and sometimes he turns his job. Ms. and rising star company. Maria will do everything necessary for success, but she will always marry. <br /> <br /> It is not fascinating to say something to Mary. Money, sex, power, all of them become changes of Mary. She looks like a feminist with her cake and she drinks it with a smile: she gets her husband roughly (much less than the last ten minutes of the film) while she gets one thing. whenever there is a servant, secretary, and a new and expensive household, that others do not belong to a man or who is weak enough to go anywhere (for example, the secretary is interesting enough). Fassbinder's mother). Maria is sexy, confident and lonely, opposing a life that is idealized in life in the shade. In two men he says: the American soldier and the old and sick Oswald, likes it, and at the same time strikes the confusion and audacity of Hermann's wife sent to Canada. . The feminist likes the profile he likes, but understands where it comes from and where it will go. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses his counterpart, and there are moments that appear together with Mary. Melodrama (for example, Hermann Maria and GI retired and naked, there is nothing more than the masterpiece of a scene, the reaction of Mary is not surprising or blameworthy, but to see happiness is there), stuck. It should be as a gun to predict such as a top-minded technical director. But it's not really. After the end of the war, it was not like a great metaphor of a country that is normally progressing. Several times Fassbinder puts the sound of the radio in the background, and we will see Mary walk around her family, the bustle that surrounds her, and distributes the radio in Germany, still confiscated, confiscation. . The only way to deal with it is excessive, or maybe that's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say, really, under Schygull's faces and eyes, anyway. An incredible performance is one of those showstoppers that catches the glamor and attractiveness of a former Hollywood star, along with the small ethics of a street girl. Most are told the costumes that are seen in a scene, which finally goes hand in hand with her husband, where she dresses in one of those thick and wonderful blacks, and then goes on a dress that is why she does not even think about it. This is almost the essence of Mary, and Schygulla is surprising, the men around her worship and confuse her and sometimes hate her in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures the first first "trilogy"; In general, I prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun may be as good as character research, a woman who (almost) misses and almost touches anything.
