One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German Expressionism, a very atmospheric style film that developed in the 20s in Berlin. Classic movies like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous results of the movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, it feels a great influence on today's cinema, especially the horror genre. One of the key characters of this style would be the director Paul Wegener, director of the 1920's "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam", a debut as filmmaker seven years earlier than this classic, he already did. Experimenting Expression in the film. The first prototype of German Expressionism was by the way a horror film: "Der Student Von Prag". "Der Student Von Prag" ("Student in Prague") is the story of Balduin (Paul) Wegener), a student of the best fencer in Prague, but he always finds himself financially troubled. One day, Balduin saved the beautiful Margit Count (Grete Berger) after a lake had dropped into a lake after the lake. Balduin immediately falls in love with him and tries to see him again, but he soon finds his rich cousin to compete with Graf von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who wants to get married. Knowing that Balduin's riches can not be offered, and there is a witch called Scapinelli (John Gottowt). Scapinelli offers Balduin an infinite wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal to discover only Scapinelli's fear of what mirrors in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Inspired by the classic legend of "William Wilson" and "Faust" by Edgar Allan Poe. The story of "Der Student Von Prag" was created by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers who serves as scriptwriting, among other types of literature. As a German art film-based art form, at that time, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a true will to film a story developed beyond the camera or scenes. Like most of the scriptwriters of that time, Ewers's script is still influenced by theater, though "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from that style. Despite being somewhat poor in character development (especially in assistant characters), Ewers creates the most interesting and complex character of Balduin. <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" was the directing director of Paul Wegener and the second movie as Stellan Rye, it is very clear that these two pioneers were very pleased with what he could do. As Guido Seeber's cinematography was very useful, two young filmmakers create a powerful fort, predicting what the next German film makers would do. Wegener will learn a lot of techniques used by Seeber and Rye's "Golem" series. Although very limited resources, the scene that Rye and Wegener make for Balduin's reflection (Wegener also plays) creates a stunning and very stunning visual effect. During this film, an experimental actor is already underway, Wegener directs the group with the band and tries to move away from the style of previous filmmakers. As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective. and probably the best of the movie. He is undoubtedly the only one who has developed his character writer, but he can not deny that Wegener was very good at having a student who loses more than a reflection mirror in his contract. John Gottowt plays Mischievous Scapinelli as a character by hand. Little is said about Scapinelli, but Gottowt realizes that it is a frightening strength. The other cast is not lucky, because Grete Berger's average is in the form of the Countess Margit, and by creating poor Lothar Körner Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was pretty good in her expressive nature and Fritz Weidemann did a brilliant Waldis-Schwarzenberg Baron, which showed the dignity she had to be Lörner's character. <br /> <br /> Considering movies. In other countries, it's not hard to understand why "Der Student Von Prag" was not a test of the time, and its remake (after 13 years of this film) is doing the best way possible. like other first films. The big problem of the film is a small budget, certainly, because Ewers's story is much smaller than the films that are fully developed. This suggests that the plot is uneven or even incomplete at some point, as if there was something missing in the narration (for example, if there is an incomplete printout too). However, the movie "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting attempt at a complex horror and suspense tale that, although other film makers were smaller than those at the time, left a strong impression on history. <br /> </ br> It is difficult to deny the enormous importance of the "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, probably as a film before the German Expressionist movement, probably in the history of cinema as a whole. It may look like that, but with the limited resources available to the director, it is better than most of that era. As Paul Wegener's career began as a film, and for German Expressionism, it is essential to see all the people interested in this piece of "Der Student Von Prag". 7/10
