In 1927 and Hollywood had been in a cinematographic map for more than a decade. It became an area of ​​an million-million-dollar industry and a vertically integrated studio system was established, some of the quarters of the film factory took a bit of self-reflection. The Last Command, while his heart was a classic story of the renowned famous man at the time, tells this frightening story as a way of meeting cinematic reality and how its production process may be unpopular. It was written by Lajos Biro, trying to find out. <br /> <br /> In the white scene, at that time it was one of Hollywood's most famous immigrants? Emil Jannings. Before arriving to the states, Jannings worked throughout the comedy, was about hammocks, but at the same time he worked well in a short time, often as a wealth of rulers or an innocent beens. The latter introduces the latter to the command and at first it seems to be another murderer of Jannings' landscape kills. However, as the story progresses, the actor will be able to show his range, alternately, delicate weakness, calm dignity and endlessly showing tremendous power and presence. It's never quite a matter of being excessive (German traditional tradition does not know anything about wisdom), but it constantly maintains itself in every aspect of its performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, even though he was a little bit from Hollywood, and he did not have a background in European cinema. However, Joseph von Sternberg developed self-image of Teutonic and Imperial Kino Meister ("von", by the way), and he took a very distinctive vision of craftsmanship. In this image you will notice how to manage rhythm and tone, an excellent example, that is, the first Russian flashback scenes. We make it openly built with a chaos, in a movement of convergent directions, and as the viewer goes through the back camera and the back screen. Then when Jannings arrives, everything settles down. The performance of Jannings is a very calm and measurable one, and when players around him start to mirror, the mere presence of the effect will be just like the restoration of the order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to be embarrassed by violence. The moment to get out of the screen, and yet, it means that almost all poetic images flow. Actually, there seems to be little interest in acting. Prisoner's Rebellion scene Sternberg takes on a plain and objective attitude and eventually enters the camera from side to side. Compare this to Jannings and Evelyn Brent's next scenes, a complex point-of-view complexity and close-up shots in the midst of their interaction. <br /> <br /> For example. The character of the set seems to have been like a cold and compelling director, Sternberg, and that Powell's portrait might also include Sternberg's parody. Unfortunately, the stubborn attitude is not an easy man to work, and when he maintains his technical resources more than human beings, the small yields of his photographs are very much desired. Although Jannings shows the classic hamming that works as Charles Laughton, nobody told their colleagues in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, it gives us a good emotion, but over and over here. The only performance with Jannings is Powell himself. It's a bit odd to see The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld's star-like character so stark and humorous as Ninotchka, but he does a good job, revealing a passionate emotional intensity underneath a tough side. <br /> <br /> The Last Command could easily bring a little feathers into the studio offices, as is the case with an imbalance in the film process feedback, which is a good example. At least, I think that many of the studio's headphones would be disabled in the "background" view, which is still alive, because it still threatens the mystique of the still alive movie. As was the case, the impact of the image was won by Jannings as the Best Actor Award, as well as Best Screenwriter, Lajos Biro and (although, according to some sources, the problem is low). Best Film Nomination. This is significant, since the academy of that time was a small institution and the first prize was to get back to the Hollywood elite himself. They saw the elite or not, they saw good material and were ready to reward.
