Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first movie that made her own production company (Shintaro Katsu), perhaps because this entry is a bit smaller in the series, although in general it is not weak. The two nations tell us about the mysterious hero that helps the opponents and the help of their poor, and through this series, a twist with tragedy, violence and little interest revolves, that is, an innocent but inspired sword. brand of serial brands. The land is quite predictable and it is assembled in a stunning way, but it's also in style and it's interesting. For example, he is a revolutionary innovating character, which prevents the established order from being really friendly or heroic, Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes, and his actions are harmful to him. poor It's a tough world, with more than one moment or two of those planned for the fight, although things are not the same. Shintaro Katsu turns into a bravura play like Zatoichi, conjures up wisdom, deadly dexterity, and mundane with a sensible feeling of weakness, at the same time, solidary work appears as "Snake" by Rentarô Mikuni and Kōsu. Magobei Hanzo trilogy) as the main master of the film. Yuko Hamada also has an emotional turn of a bad woman. The movie loses its way through the step-by-step and sequence of events; There is a leap from at least a little while and the power of the plot is lost a bit, and when things are finished, there are no movies. It can be as exciting as it is, as well as emotional influence. The director Satsuo Yamamoto manages Zatoichi's performances or scenes by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although games are less interested and the films are built in a way that is inspired in the artistic way, without the hard version of other, alive and other characters. installment However, I liked it, it has its own mistakes and it is not one of the best, but it still gives a sweet and pleasant entertainment, a good story and Zatochi's brand is a simple and elegant. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, a stylish non-stylish item.
