Matador thinks better in the time of reflection, it seems so clear. Humor is a medium size, it never works, but it never hurts. The story is very simple. The characteristics of the plot are often recycled, that is, the scales needed by the shovel, and a gentleman, a gentleman who needs safety at home, learns from each other and completes the lifestyles of others. Also, I see bullfights that are not parallel to the story, it's just a cruel thing, and symbolism is not enough to bring itself strong enough. However, it is a good movie, although it was so thin and exciting at the time, it was not. It has a subtle way of connecting with audiences. <br /> <br /> The reason is that it slowly but surely gives the viewer something to take with them, although it's something new, even the majority. humor, the two main characters, the only characters in it, know and know them somehow. Forget them by calling them real. That does not mean. I mean Pierce Brosnan's shameless character and his wife is a terrifying character, but he is firmly aware of the writer and definitely communicates with Brosnan, that is James Bondless's fresh air. Greg Kinne's character seems to be quite the same in the writing he wrote, but he painfully notes his footsteps for a moment, though they have been overcome by the clear light of the film, but they later reached us for a moment. Afterwards, we realize that the film is not just an analysis or plans, trains and automobiles again. It really says something. <br /> <br /> This top part of the movie is like a mix with a partially thriller. But with its lightness, how can I get the focus of this film, even when it comes to the plot? No, it's a view of Brosnan and Kinnear's relationship. Curiously, Matador is a movie about repentance and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and we do not understand why Kinnear is so painful and unprotected as Brosnan's life, though he has slowly learned that Brosnan Kinnear is recovering from his later version. as a means of repaying feelings. The last episode of the movie is with me. In my opinion, the impact of the movie on the final sides starts with the signal.
