Gundam's Gundam Chronology is the fourth series of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. Unlike previous entries based on massive wars, this is not a bit different; Instead of having the army's anti-army status, that is, five teenage boys (straightforward for messing up more easily than adults) and directing "Gundams" machines because of the metal alloy used in their construction. . It causes problems because Gundams will be corrupted, because it is replaced by "Mobile Suits", that is, A.I. And the infantry is used as a grunt. <br /> <br /> The point of this series is a metaphysical question, which Gundam Wing extracts from a larger part of Animas. Above all, most anime magazines, such as Naruto, Dragonball, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, have been adapted by Shonen Jump, now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the same as most anime, as opposed to the supreme human-like conflict between gods, because Gundam is very humanist, it seems dramatic that it is melodramatic and that incidents develop throughout the series. what makes it better Normally, in the anime, few more than a few believe that the best way to fight "little" is to think it be half an hour, something that never happened in real life. Gundam overcomes all that the characters will kill and ensure that machines can be destroyed and rebuilt. Fights will be lost and won and it does not seem to be a satirical action. <br /> <br /> But Gundam Wing's magic is in detail, and the series should thank the anime. Excitement The Gundam Wing is a science fiction of a country that hides a science fiction instead of fake prophecy, magic or martial arts. (NOTE: The author indicates that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not the science-fiction line-most credible science fiction of the real life, due to the religious theme of its series, because they love Star Wars, but they are still in the A.I. (movie). From now on, why was Gundam Wing and Gundam SeeD now also producing both Japanese and US production with both voice groups. American viewers have to wait two or three weeks at the end of the Japanese season to capture only episodes of Cartoon Network dubbed or subtitled versions or even more edited on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that the two parties fighting against the war are technically backwards. Heroes are the ones who defend the rights of the rich and aristocratic citizens of the Earth, aside from the victory, the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing to win. This is not a war, that is, "the whole war." Everyone, in every building, is intended to attack every street, both on Earth and outside. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason for not having ten points, is about three years old. Thanks to the path, it's only dead for some quarters, and nobody really changes. It's like a flashback today, which is what makes it visible to the characters, but at the same time dragging down what the Project should be between brewing: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and overplayed-on-Cartoon-Network (2001-2003 back) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz to lose more than the movie lose.
