Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) hit-man. Or as it is called a "dead assistant". He is also a drunken man, a mummy and half-life crisis. In a job in Mexico City, he strikes Danny White (Greg Kinnear), who thinks he's just about to make the final pitch but he does not know for sure. At the hotel's bar, one night, they meet up late. They both had daisies. <br /> <br /> Some comedies sound like a thriller. ? But it is not. Instead, Matador's character is a fun and touching activity. The previous summary avoids all the turns it suggests, sometimes just to roll them off. It is a movie to be able to respect enough characters, without feeling the need to draw without the necessary drawings. But in these two performances it is unfair. Bond is a semi-formed idea, the result of what happened earlier; Julian is a full character, with his own motivations and mistakes. He has been in his dreaded and scary world for a long time, because he has forgotten how to talk to another man. <br /> <br /> When he finds himself at the Danny hotel, he sees his opposite: the normal guy with normal work and common problems. Danny invaded; He says the hit-man feeds his life closer to himself, avoiding his "avoid" avoiding closer. But when his only son died, Danny tries to change with a joke. A man, in his words, has "escaped from any emotion". Kinnear has made himself the opposite of Brosnan's performance, and Danny White is injecting himself into his general charm. Julian's role is perfect; The latter, while boasting drunkenness and hedonism, Danny falls to the ground, with a mere imprint of eccentricity. But he is even deeper than the person he is determined, showing how far he will go to the financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnea. It is most visible in the three major film scenes: hotel bar; A bullfight in which Julian tells Danny about what he is doing to live and try a murder's dress rehearsal; And in one scene Julian turns to Danny's home six months later. This scene also introduces us to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). As an example of how much Matador's respect for his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of hiring his homemaker, asks him calmly: "Have you brought your gun?" The script is not as good as it can be after another rewriting. It looks like one or two lines, and a couple of jokes need more work. But in the scenes that speak Julian and Danny (and later Bean), it's an excellent writing. The film does not feel like having to put the characters in unfamiliar situations (when they hit a hit man and others entered into your home). He only allows them to speak slowly to go to the necessary plots. <br /> <br /> It's an action, but it only reflects on the characters. One of the most prominent examples is that Julian is promoting Budapest's work, because he sees it through his rifles. The rest of the films that interact with the characters, affect each other. And, after all, it is about friendship, although it is not in most places. At one point Julian told him that Danny is his only friend. And it really means.
