Matador is a curious film. Her protagonist, Julian, plays with Brosnan's charm and disorderly mischief, not a typical hero. Julian has a great success in life in the midst of the crisis. After twenty-seven years, the cold blood is squeezed into the profession of murder and desperately. So, after joining a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he starts a slow and upright friendship. Danny, the pretty boy, has worked on various things in his life and, in fact, he can also use a friend. Both make an unexpected connection and Danny goes to Julian's story, despite learning Julian's "imbalance" of work. killer hero (films such as "Assassins" and "Grosse Pointe Blank"). Matador, however, has several keys. First of all, murder and gore are implicit, but never show any details, that is, if you are having an action movie that you are looking for adrenaline in a hurry, this movie will probably fail. Secondly, unlike most anti-hero movies, Matador does not try to show his pardon and salvation for his main character. Julian's work is just "the same thing". This is unusual, since 99.99% of us believe that money is horrific. However, this heterodoxy view is perhaps due to the fact that it is a true movie. Although we do not want to admit it, almost everything can be done after a long day, after even murdering. Julian wants to kill the victims? Who pays for people to die? Who knows The movies have never been talking about these questions. She plays Julian and turns her into true friendship. If you read someone like Julián on paper, you should think that it should be extracted from societies like cancer, but the life of humanity is forced to see life. I think the devil's ability. <br /> <br /> He is very happy with Brosnan and Julian. James Bond's good looks and gentle charm does not escape completely, but adds disturbing episodes in the mix. In the middle or in the middle, conversations are kind and polite, slow charm, old childhood pests and moods of false admission. He maintains his own adherence to himself and how it affects his neighbors. She listens to a puzzler, while occasionally and unexpectedly tricks up, but works well. Películas have only one other important role, Danny's, is not nearly sour. Kinnear shows Joe's usual life and trouble show. <br /> <br /> The movie really does not blow a lot or M Night Shyamalan crushes, but I was not able to. He felt at last to be guessing and satisfying. It does not have a deep philosophical or spiritual view, and it is still a very human feeling. And he did not play any kind of heart attack or guns, and I still thought that the route was well done and I was not bored. Perhaps this real message is that which is necessary to unite and link here, and not necessarily have such a moral condition. Even the murderer needs friends and good people can have bad friends. It's a commentary on the weird and strange world we live in. Good movie; it's worth seeing.
