Many forget that this is not just classic, since they are the first 3D game or even the first shotgun. One of the first stealth games is also a truly claustrophobic game (and definitely), and, in general, a gaming experience that is fairly straightforward. With graphics with today's dates, the role of game B.J. encourages you (I will not even think about writing your last name!), American P.O.W. trapped in an underground bunker. Fight and seek your way through tunnels to achieve six goals (but, to be honest, most are just an excuse to give a weapon, to surround the Nazis and send them to another, for Nazi leaders). Graphics are, as I mentioned earlier, quite a date and very easy. A minimal detail of the 3D game published by a professional creative team. If you exceed that, however (and some suggest that this simplicity adds to the game for you), then you have a good shooter and alternate game. Games are the key, health and ammunition, the search for explosive enemies (according to the above-mentioned Nazi and chapter "enemy" chapters), a different difficulty (of course, as the game progresses), unlock doors and look for secret rooms. If there is a number, after passing each level ... how long did you go (basically, if you exceed "unparalleled time", that is, it was time for a tester to spend the same level, which may be so fun and to beat, and how difficult you can to get to the road, even after a lot of play-throughs are challenging), how many Nazi gold (treasure) you have collected and how bad you killed the guys. Basically, if you get 100% of all those mentioned, you'll get a bonus that will help you get high scores. The game (especially, but not always) allows you to contrast in two ways ... in silence or down the road and everything you see. You can either run or walk, and between your weapons is also a knife ... it's running listening immediately when you enter the same guard room, such as firing. The backs are on the back of your back and you can go back and forth ... you can say it is silent. In your inventory, you can get four weapons and two keys ... more than once. The keys unlock doors. The doors in the game are not locked ... two types only need keys and these keys are inserted before (the level is restarted, each chapter will reset the weapons, health, punctuation and life). It is looking for a large part of the final game. Now, as I have already mentioned, this game is based on the collection of additional life (such as the beginning of the 80s, at the end of the 90s) ... I personally think that it is completely and totally useless (from now on it was wonderful. When I finish ... I think (?), the next 3D shooter forward and forward), because anyone who wants to save and "use a life" resets weapons, health and ammunition, like starting a new chapter (that is, it's true) . mine later, where you need heavier artillery. Now, I will not cross the bush anymore ... to go on track! You start with the aforementioned knife (silent but close) and a gun ... nothing special, but good to keep ammo, unlike the next two bad guys. Your third weapon SMG ... It's a German machine gun. It's faster and more automatic and later uses some enemies. And the last ... Gatling is just a gun! Yes! Think T2. Think Predator. Think about throwing away a great lead against the nobility like lead. It's as entertaining as sounds. But most enemies use this, so be prepared. However, I do not reveal the identities of those enemies of the authorities ... Each player finds himself (or himself). The sound is excellent ... very clean and real. While listening to the tears of a machine toss, the metal door behind a closed door or behind the Nazis is heard, or a German warning or a warning on German, as it really feels like, is trapped in these dark and depressed bunker systems. . This is what I am going to do in business class ... when you go through different apparent walkways, we will take you to the next elevator to the next elevator, a claustrophobic mood that understands it. More than once I got the disease of the movement (even if I had to sleep like that, with moisture and unusual warmth). Even though the detail level is not very high, what's great. There are many victims, guards and Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also has a bit of gore ... because the graphics engine is limited, John Romero and the crew put all the blood and guts of the game. What is left to say ... the first ones, and it is not surprising to create other 3D shooters. Surely, your arms raised and different heights (stairs and, for example) did not come until the next entry to the genre ... Doom ... and Duke Nukem 3D was a feature that changed your view (just goes to the left and right, adding vertical dimensions beyond), and the jumping was not reached until the third title came later (the first Quake, maybe? the player, you helped me here) ... but all games, in relation to the rest of the genres, owe their existence. So, load Luger, open the door to open the bunker and insert it into the shoes of B.J. ... Do you want to acknowledge it (even though it's been over) almost fifteen years after its appearance. I recommended this to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
