Jörg Buttgereit's "Necromantik" second-hand feature of "Der Todesking" is a masterpiece. On the seventh day, focusing on a letter based on a string of a group called "Brotherhood", the film shows 7 episodes, each one day during the day, while each one carries out suicide characters and different situations using the letter. rounds Do not touch this if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, if you're happy or "Likely" from a movie, or if you do not expect it to be a good movie if it's in the theater. <br /> <br /> The nihilistic, Der Todesking's avant-garde approach explains why Buttekoe films generally banned in Germany, their original country in the 80s and 90s most. Der Todesking does not pay special attention to the characters on the screen, but most of the people live the apathy or absurd depression in general. Buttgereit does not find reasons to live, just the reasons to stop, and how and when and when and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. Qualifying and Der Todesking is no exception. Like the same cast and almost all of its cast as all cast, "art film" would probably be described once. Der Todesking manages the middle object, a creative mood and almost every scene. In a scene, the camera gradually continues in the 360 ​​degree circle, and one person lives in a small apartment in a day room. At other times, Buttgereit uses corruption in sound and filmmaking while depicting the fall of a psychic nature of a man while he is in despair. In a third, apparently pleasing scene names, age and self-sufficiency occupations are shown on the screen, allegedly banned from the movie that banned the German movie. <br /> <br /> Episode films (and especially this one, which are closely linked to scenes, generally suffer from inconsistency, and Der Todesking is no exception. All episodes have the same focus on death as all of the variations have consequences or descendants , because there are very powerful episodes, but one or two episodes seem to be a filler material, which dissipates the power of the film in general. A huge space that depicts a body of decomposition is a great thing to keep the movies together and bring them back to the purity situation. wildly, very depressant and sometimes even more disgusting - I left so many eleven people in the middle of the movie when they participated in the film festival. <br /> <br /> This is a permanent movie that has left the impression and I highly recommend it for an inexperienced and for a few years They will remember those who look for something. It is not recommended arria for low hearts or show time lovers; This is a small and different movie, which really raises the feelings among the audience. Whether you are confusion, amazement or even hatred, you will not be so cold, that is, I think, the best achievement of this small indie group. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer I-III", was published in the "Vinyl" of 666 pieces, 8 "vinyl edition, which is currently much sought after. You can still get a classical master by "The Necromantik" soundtrack CD. It is highly recommended that the dark and strange music of Lo-Fi's synthesizers, which is almost wrong, is a vital part of the movie and I would very much like something that is rarely heard.
