"It's like the first touch of pleasure and guilt sensibility, like spontaneous flirtation of love and fascination, as one of the top-class emotions of the opposite," said a filmmaker after seeing LOVE TOP, an interpreted misunderstanding of Michel Deville's legendary CE. MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> When Vincent Canby was released in the New York Times in 1974, he stated: "68. Street Playhouse opened yesterday, LOVE AT THE TOP is a French comedy in 1973, which increases the number of comedy books in the 1990s The young cynicists who grew up and embraced the ambition ". However, he mentioned the significant difference that LOVE AT THE TOP was not in the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> Once the single people that left their assessments, of course, they did the test of the time wool For more than 30 years, we can safely say that movies like LE MOUTON ENRAGE are virtually innocent, since young people are so enthusiastic that feelings are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For fans of Romy Schneider, it's not useless to think that this film is inevitably visible, not only because of its unique performance (as in all its tasks). The route (suddenly before the death of 9 years), but it is very attractive here. TRIO INFERNAL is not the most ridiculous image of Romy's escape from Sasky Sissie for years, but this great actor is a movie that gives a fair role. Roberta plays, a woman who turns into the challenge of the story, Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). He finances profits from economic relations. This film has a unique and memorable Romy shot and gives it some of its best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is here unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Another solid part of the film is the development of content with the perception of individual perception. Apparently, the immoral director does not seem to use the perfect contrast: the conventions are pleasures, innocence and decline, genuine lust and instrumental affair. Nicolaes have a lot of likes or dislikes by the audience, they may be attractive or inadequate; However, the viewers are the characteristics that must be treated seriously, even more so, we all have to admit. That's why it's a special, smooth and wild erotic world of the main character. Despite sleeping with many women, there are two women who represent a world against Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). They manipulate them, they love it, they can not desire the desire and money of their body; however, they perceive them differently. However, despite being "all adult maturity," it is emotionally like a little boy who plays on a table with a toy car, a kind of "overhead view" of men as a comedy. Course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are good performances, which is why LE MOUTON ENRAGE is underlined. The aforementioned Romy Schneider also works well with the viewer with a specific focus on her role, but young Jane Birkin seems to believe she is a young and inexperienced child, Marie Paul. Jean Louis Trintignant can see Nicolae. right path The artistic merit of plays is a wonderful music by Camille Saint-Saën, a long tune that will be heard. For this reason, in addition to certain movie defects, data colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clicks (as some viewers point out), merits must be found to be significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, summarizing, is a clear expression against anti-manipulation tools in life. It is worthwhile to watch for a moment on the Romy route, the stubborn eroticism, the chain of emotional distress, love and hatred, appreciation and desire with the first orgasm and first angst ... But we are not human. , 'audiences,' movie enthusiasts have built themselves on these contrasts?
