I can not say too much about California, unfortunately, I still do not see the whole thing (I have only seen jewelry on Fuse.) But what I've seen is absolutely wonderful! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that his first films are not. But this role is simply a great representation of it, its normal character as Early seems creepy well attentive, I guess it's a strange dark but normal kind of island. And the performance of Juliette Lewis, can be annoyed, but it's amazing. Unfortunately, I have not seen the end yet, but reading other opinions here works well, but disappointment. I have to admit that I like David Duchovany (forgive that spell if it's wrong) but it was a bit good for him. His wife's character was better, and I thought that his performance was not the best movie, the portrait of the avant-garde portrait / old sister. Especially the scene that plays Early and Brian in the pool, and Adele and Carrie are simultaneously interacting. I've seen this scene at least twice now and I still believe that acting is wonderful. They were raped by the three boys and it is because of the emotion that Adele portrays after talking about Carrie's face. I think that everything is so perfect. I mean, maybe I can bind a bit, I do not know. <br /> <br /> Brad Pittek plays with the killer of the series to watch it once; I thought it was great. Some movies that I've seen are average or have not been worth the movies. I do not think I've ever seen a terrifying movie or I do not know how its operation is another factor. This movie was not one of them. Great performance in California. I swear that I am not at ease because of its performance, not only because it looks good, I mean that the character of this movie is not beautiful or beautiful at all. Pitt is dark, sometimes terrifying and awful. However, he also loves joy, fun, and even Adele. I give it to the places I want to get through the TV and that it can be canceled, but I probably only have one (and the character that plays Pitt in the movie) was playing a character, that is to say, to play a good performance. <br /> <br /> I'd like to say anything more, but I can say that, without ending, I've seen most of the movie through what I've captured like Fuse and me. I am writing this on the DVR, so I hope I can write a full review later. I wanted to share my thoughts on a movie, I thought something I really thought and something that was not forgotten (it would not have been!)
