I saw 'California' before (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember that I was very surprised. That's why I wanted to see it again, and I can say that he still has not lost his power, even though he was much more accustomed to the movie than it was ten years ago. > <br /> The story of 'California' Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to go to California. However, there is never a rain in a straightforward state and when it forces you to fly, they decide to travel by car. He wants to write a book about the most famous American series of assassins, and he will make some matching photos. Because the car uses a large amount of gasoline, they decide to take another couple to open the trip costs. A couple has added a response, so they will be lucky automatically. But they still do not know each other and see the other pair for the first time, when the journey begins, Carrie is surprised. Unwanted, it only concludes that the white parking lots of the Early Early Grayce and Adele Corners are in the trash. He certainly does not want in his car, but Brian does not mind taking them and he decides to stop anyway. Initially, the pair is not bad at all, but gradually Grayce's premature change of rough hillbilly makes no difference ... <br /> <br /> <br /> The story is not only horrible, therefore, in the conduct of our four leads. Brad Pitt believes in Grayce Early. The interpretation of his film may never be the best. The same as Juliette Lewis. He plays boys and girls with childhood, and does not want to hear his bad morning, and he does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. Both made a very good job and I wonder why we have never heard anything from Forbes again since that film, it really proves that it has a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> In general, it is very good and spectacular. The psychological thriller is a very powerful story, but I can imagine that, despite the graphic violence, everyone can enjoy it (although I do not see another way to see how the murderer plays serially). Personally I liked this movie and never worried about violence (it is important to leave a piece of the story). I've been awarded this movie with a score of 8/10.
