Over the past few months, WWE has produced the worst pay per view for its history. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were horrible, at least say, and so its brand B show show, Smackdown! Make a long list of attempts at the end of the year. Armageddon played two of the most important games in the Last Ride and Inferno games; In three competitions and one of the main events was Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, one of those championship games was not only a nightmare but now a candidate for one year, Teddy Longe gave us fans an early Christmas gift. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship Championship with Champions, London and Kendrick with Regal and Taylor and a four-team Ladder Ladder match with MNM and The Hardy Boyz. To connect too much, I can say anything that could not do justice. That is to be seen. There were a lot of places and blows and a lot of landing. The only move to talk about was Joey Mercury in the midst of the competition for direct emergency. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder, Matt Hardy held two MNM members to take full advantage of the opposite end. Unfortunately, Mercury's hands did not protect his face and he reached the full force of the nose and left eye. This was a wheel. Everyone instantly saw her face and, surprisingly, Mercury's night started early. Later we found the broken nose and cuts under the left eye. Take into account. This is not for low hearts. The end of this roller coaster at a match was over for Paul London to win both championships. I'm fighting for almost 15 years and it's not a better match. Disbelief <br /> <br /> At night, only the fourth game of Hell was opened. Kane MVP took the good game, but it was about vision and not about that. They made some calls for the two competitors, but eventually Kane forced the MVP to fall into the flames outside of the ring. MVP executed around the ring while his butt was on and he saw a sick part of me laughing. I recommend Michael Hayese that MVP will come out next week at Smackdown! Johnny Cash's ring of fire. <br /> <br /> The game over the night, and the second game of the third major event, on the final cross, between Kennedy and The Undertaker. The game was hard from the beginning to the end, and yet the Undertaker and Kennedy series were the best. Wooden benches, benches and a scene were thrown to Undertaker within 15 meters of Armageddon, which was a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clearly seen that this was not a crash mate and people had no such thing. The late killers killed The Dead Man at Kennedy, which is the fastest. He soon followed a coffin of a runner-up. <br /> <br /> It happened in other important things on the card. He defeated Chris Benoit Chavo Guerrero in another sharp game. This was very good because it hit Benoitek Chavo's 8 Swiss suites. If Benoit likewise considered whether or not to put Vikki Guerrero as a sharpshooter. Fortunately, the senses came and went away. This only attempted to face Chavo's slogan to make his presentation. <br /> <br /> The red card was another red-and-beam WWE champion, Gregory Helms. and Jimmy Wang Yang. There are plenty of large and dangerous flights, some of which came out of the ring. This game has been much more worth to get in response to the crowd. JBL decided to get rid of the fans of Richmond (Virginia), because they were sitting in their hands and in a moment began a boring song. Helms received a jawbreaker maneuver from the knee after Smackdowns of the dukes! red inhabitants <br /> <br /> Boogeyman hit The Miz in a bad game. I hate Boogeyman's passion. JBL is worth talking about Miz. JBL comedy is golden. <br /> <br /> The final game of the night was the 3rd most important event. He was the World Heavyweight Champion, Batista and WWE Champion, the Finish and Champions League, King Booker, founded by John Cena. . There was no match in the first team tournament, but he did not get it. The game would be more memorable, if they gave them five or ten minutes, but how many times did I say that WWE is this year. King Booker finished the match finishing after a great Batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So WWE finished 2006 around the WWE sales schedule. The year began with a terrible note of the New Year Revolution, but it ended with Armageddon. This stacking stack is remembered all the time between the best stairs. My hats on the line are aimed at eight competitors to give the fans a bad game.
