ADOS. I accept it. I am a teenager who has spent a lot of time with my favorite DVD player and a television science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space and I've since changed my membership period since then. It looks like it seems, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and "Battlestar Galactica", which is the latest opera in space. But I also have a general mix of old plays, cheap ones, like four BBC's "Blakes7" show. Here, budgets are smaller than hobbies, but the special effects seem to be in a Commodore 64, but who cares when the script is sharp and sensible when written in a dark mood, dead serious and sometimes high? <Br /> <br /> But why do English speak in the future of space? NO is the future, it's a fantasy for kids. However, it may sometimes be irritating. As a Norwegian, I have often condemned the series of genres that do not create such an incredible event, for Scandinavian science fiction. I never thought that this happened. But, actually, even in my country, in Norway. I was two years old when the Nrk public service channel called Fjernsynsteatret (theatrical theater section) produced this version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway) of three episodes. <br /> <br /> When I first heard, I was not surprised that until now, the show has been screened only once in Norway, which is impossible for me to really see. He also went to Sweden, Denmark and Finland on television, but it was a long time ago. No video or DVD was published, it is not surprising, and when they were screened at an art cinema hall, this happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (I live in it). And then another thing about "Blindpassasjer" is not surprising, both Norwegian writers Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd) wrote. This partner was credited to the SciFi genre in the 70s; They wrote anthologies and called fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is one of the most interesting writers, he has written some novels and funny masters, as well as masterpieces, some of them ridiculous, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". The guy, more than a dramatic playwright, could build the script "Blindpassasjer". <br /> <br /> When I finally saw it, it was a strange swoop of VCR's recorded three episodes. In the 80's, he eventually transformed and transformed the DVD. It was kind to you. So I sat down and saw, with Swedish subtitles, bad sounds and some images and mistakes; But the thing arrived and I was surprised at the end that I loved. <br /> <br /> The outer space of the space and planet are much better than the Blakes7 and the best Flåklypa Grand Prix, Caprino studios (who gives it), and works better than Marco Polo's interior (space ship) than I expected du. The play is in the theater, but it works better than Ibsen, and yet Bjørn Floberg plays his role as Trini Lund. The famous actor Henny Moan looks like a serious and calm tone that matches his genre, but this is a theater play, and I am pleased to say that Ola B. Johannesen brings his mustache to the nobility and Marit Østbye is a really chic space in my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really good? Well, to finish, the deformation of "modern society" must be swallowed, but it really is not really wonderful, but charming, fresh, nostalgic and pleasant. Classical SciFi of Norway one and a half hours.
