Pixar has achieved great success over the years with CGI animated feature films. "A Bug's Life" has been the second feature of the long-awaited series, which premiered the company's feature film, "Toy Story", an innovative piece called CGI, for the first time. I recall that this tracking was released in the late 1990s, but I have never seen it in November 2006. This month I saw twice and three years later I saw a third. time I have never been surprised by any Pixar movie I've ever seen, but I think it's better than just three films I have ever seen on DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Ant Island ants are the home of a colony. They need to collect a group of reed mushrooms every year. A member of this colony is Flik, ​​who has problems with his inventions, but he did not want to. One year after the completion of the annual supply of colonies, Flik falls short of the stream before it unexpectedly punchs it! Hopper, the puppy leader, will be given a second chance to collect food and be ready for the end of the season, but they will have to double the offer. Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony that he finds "flaws warriors" when they return to fight rebels. Atta princess, the queen of the future, will allow her to go on a mission, so it can not cause problems, while colony food tries to gather another offer. The presenter thinks they are a warrior, but after being brought to Ant Island, he presents them, they are not real warriors, but they find circus flaws! <br /> <br /> The main reason Pixar can be the second feature why it has never impressed me. For me, nobody has ever been as clear as anything, and in general, it seems a bit too much. Fortunately, however, there is no movie like a "Shark Tale", a very idiotic and hard-wearing person. "Bug A Life" has the disgrace of the main character, which can be scrutinized by the audience. The story seems sometimes pretty, but it's usually good enough to keep the movies at least entertaining, and sometimes it's good suspense, especially later. As a fan, like other movies, it's not as good as it was, but there are definitely fun moments, some of them with Francis, sometimes with a woman. Pixar can expect big animations, and the animation of their special effort is no exception. In order to offer this whole movie, it can be a bit moving in terms of Pixar standards, but family entertainment is unreasonable.
