For a long time, when you are watching Bug Bug Life, I could not compare it with Happy Feet of the previous year. In the case of the main story, they are very similar, when they try to be excluded when trying to be special. It will definitely show you how much better the film could have been without a liberal diatribe. Many people do not agree with me when I say the second little effort I'm having. I'm sure there's no shine of Toy Story, or animation in this world. However, the story is high and the characters are wonderful to spend time. With a lot of laughter and a moral center for launch, I could see them as well as other classics in the studio. <br /> <br /> All the bets to find strength inside are here. Flick ourselves to self esteem to save our colony, has to open the colony to a new way of life for the future, and circus bugs are only found to be mere temporary joys. At the end of the story, it's a better mistake. The evil hopper is also completely threatened because of the right reasons. It does not mean that the ants understand that they are more than 100 to 1. He must be afraid to not worry about knowing the truth. It is a whole circle of life, but it is not one that can not evolve at that time. <br /> <br /> When thinking about animation, it's pretty good. With Antz, the competitive film of that time, which is much more realistic and less elaborate. Water is well shaped like leaves. You do not have to look at the ants much more than the eye to see how much detail they were in production. Reflections and moisture, despite being a mild exterior, show realism. All bugs are well-developed. The horrific mixtures of creatures contracted to save on the city and the ants are never diminishing, whether they are small or widespread. We also see the assembly in the city. While the Ant Island is nice, it's just the exterior. Bug City has a lot of garbage that duplicates buildings and clubs. It shows great humor and fantasy to see what the entertainer is all about. Like an ice cube tray, circus stands, an animal crackers box to complete a chariot, a nutrition guide, along with a crazy collection of boxes to create Times Square bills and fronts. Everything is fine. /> <br /> With great humor, you have to be a delightful delivery talent talent and inspired role choices. Nobody could make a male sailor than Dennis Leary. Someone thinks I think better. Our leaders are also good Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as Kevin Spacey always hopper. Spacey steals only a few scenes from the movie, but also through the credits. Yes, A Bug's Life created Pixar's animated shows, a tradition that follows. In everybody, you have to help with using a lot of fun jokes. Gone are actors, including Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and Joe Ranft himself, who is passing by Heimlich, among other things, laughter. <br /> <br /> In general, the story may be the easiest. Although the Pixar on the screen has been on the screen for several times, it's a fresh and inspirational inspiration to give it a pleasant experience. Happy moments, dreadful times, and even scenic scenes with stunning action to enter the birds fun. With my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, it's not a bad thing to think about.
