(Originally, Bug A Life was too much, too, a movie reviewer was too much responded, and the point of view was "stunned and tired" and the story was totally out of date) <br /> <br /> Okay, first of all, I'm 26 years old. One, I go to school and have a boyfriend. So maybe I can and really hide myself ... but I am not exhausted or overwhelmed by the LIFE OF USE OF LIFE, I did not see until I first started to see it. Thanks to visual art and humor - because I was going to see this movie for the first time and I've been so much involved in the characters, I thought that I was sitting vertically for each "wowed". How do you rush it with Flik and live with its ambitious roadblocks? "Heck", in fact, I've found myself with ant anthem (to name a few other bugs) much more than ... and that, in itself, tells me more about what this incredible movie is. than the whole book about her beautiful eye candy. Of course, it is beautiful (grass blade, tree, rain ...). Of course, what you can do with technology is amazing (you can read lips! Try it!). But the movie is not the masterpiece of art and technology, nor merely a brilliant explosion of movement and color. No, the life of the defects would be static if not all this and the story. But I'm glad to say it's not! The life of a bug has a real heart. Yes, there is a lot of happening, storytelling and visuals, but the story and the characters really do! Being a movie for children does not mean that you should turn off your brain at the theater door, children are more intelligent than you think! In addition, I think that PIXAR has done it by own means, before their children ... and it shows, in the heart. This movie is moving, moving, fun, interesting and generally penetrating. The development of theatrical nature of this group is amazing, it is the growth of the main character, not just the main character - so strange in animation and often in films as a whole. It does not take you into your mind after doing the dots - each scene, each frame is reason for the story itself, and there are no free shots. It's not always explicitly speaking literally saying what's happening, to me, to people; It does not mean that the movie "slowing down" and assuming that the audience is stupid, most of all not. I think, if you see Bug A's life and feel nothing, you never have to make a mistake, make friends, fall in love with one another, let nobody who would not listen to it. you, lying to watch over, like a social lie, would have been excited about a new idea, come up with a great idea, it was a great idea to revoke thought at a moment and you felt secure in the next. The pressure of responsibility, standing for yourself and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd, I felt frustrated, felt the need to change the life of others with your life ... well, you get the point. Last words: My A + rating; please, you'll see it in the theater (pan and scanning video DO NOT work for this movie); If you love Toy Story, this one probably loves you (PIXAR knows how to make movies with one heart); If you love it, you have seen it many times or STILL does not know what is missing (here's a lot of detail and excitement); And when you feel really low, think that it's the seed, okay?
