Even though I do not think this was ideal 10, I agree that this is 6, that is, what is here. No, the Brokedown Palace was not perfect and it was done on several occasions before. This does not mean that if it is not done again, I think that this film has had some hard times. Claire Danes's play, as we have often said, was a perfect play for Kate Beckinsell and I Think Bill Pullman (Pullman's wife, wrong policeman, skip or travel or whatever it is). Cinematography was also very well shot, although this movie was good, although there were some negative ones (I found three important ones). <br /> <br /> I did not like it here. Friendship among girls, in fact, the personal identity of girls were not developed in the middle of the photo. It would not have been a risk before losing interest, because, despite being positive, they had to develop more in advance, and when they were arrested, some scenes were almost shining, much more Jumping. Without the development of the character and scene around, I would think that this kind of film is suitable. This, however, is not my main problem. AND WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The last end of the mentioned period was AWFUL. In both cases it was horrible. First and foremost, although it was predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a movie like that, they would give them a sense of justice and I sat down to see it. At last I was surprised, and all of the participants I did brilliantly, but I think the girls should either get it out or, at least, get the police to get it at least. It seems that nothing happens to the bad, everyone runs away. Very disturbing <br /> <br /> In addition, I do not understand the ending ambiguity. I think the inspired endings of thinking, but this was not a mystery or "clue" movie, and I'd like to know what happened, guilty, and so on. We decided, but I would be sure to be sure of some way, I did not keep guessing it. At the top of the list, I would rate 7.5 and give it a final look.
