We all have friends. We have more than just some of the others, but it is only one person that is really close to you, just like your brother or brother. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see it from the beginning. Together they graduated, the parties went together and decided to go to Bangkok when they were supposed to attend Hawaii. They also try to create smuggling and disaster drugs in a third world country. The rest of the movie is a survival and not a hope. He also said about the power of friendship and what he means. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a good shelf, it's not great, and that's what I want. to talk about. But, first of all, I mean what a good movie. And for beginners, the performance is a superior image and you can not look like the other two challenges. Danes and Beckinsale have perfect roles in them. Alice is always passionate and seems like a bit rough on the edges, but it seems more fun than Darlene. Occasionally, fun can cause trouble. Darlene is always a little conservative, and sometimes she can be overwhelmed, but she helped him two better girls, the road was incessantly in place of Alicia. Bill Pullman is an American lawyer who lives in Thailand. The movie is very well photographed. While inside the jail Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, it shows the disabilities (but not) of the condition they are in. Johnathin Kaplan's direction is pretty good. We see each day two girls fighting for each other, but every day they see their spirit come a bit longer. Brokedown Palace is superb when talking about friendship and showing confidence in each other's survival. The soundtrack of the movie is another thing to do. Improves and improves the atmosphere of the movie. The song you hear on the trailer is also played in the movie and when you play it you feel a serious female situation in this prison. It seems that they only need to feel and how desperate they need to get out of the simple things of life and return. And you look at yourself and realize we are lucky enough to live in a society we do. It is very easy to compare with some countries and is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this theme. Some music is made by a group called Delirium (but I think), but Sara McLaughlin (it's a mistake, but how does your surname write?), And the voice is beautiful and awesome and adds so much to the movie. <br /> <br /> I did not enjoy the movie as it was one of the stupidities that girls show. I do not say what they do, but when you see yourself, you know what I'm talking about. Also, I did not really feel that the jail was bad. It was less like a security jail, and this is because in a foreign country there is a similar situation in other film-making films, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I do not get it here. <br /> <br /> In general, the movie is great and it really asks: "Where would you go to a friend?" That is a tough question and maybe no one can answer honestly until it's in the same situation. Let's hope no such thing will happen.
