James J. Corbett, the world's leading heavyweight champion from 1892-1897, was the favorite role of Errol Flynn. It may not be necessary to sword or west. He was tired of the dangers and said in his autobiography that he was in the West, and he could not understand why they liked the people in them. The movie is nice, but it's hardly ever to tell James J. Corbett's real story. <br /> <br /> Corbett was the first heavyweight boxer who was portrayed as a heavyweight man after the brains were used. to win than the raw power. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost a heavy weight crown with Bob Fitzsimmons. It was also a compulsive way of life, and the man who portrayed it was much like that. Of course, it was not displayed on the screen. The character that Alexis Smith plays, the banker's daughter, is not based on reality. Corbett married twice and was unfairly unfaithful to both wives. <br /> <br /> In addition, after losing his title, he underwent great personal tragedy as a result of this film. In a moment of depression at his father, he probably lost more money than his son bets hard Bob Fitzsimmons, after shooting his mother and turning on the same gun. Murder / suicide was not just a happy square clan headed by Alan Hale. I liked something about Gentleman Jim. Ward Bond had John L. Sullivan's professional career in his life. The director Raoul Walsh achieved very good results as bumpy as Bond Sullivan but lovable. Despite the fact that Sullivan has not hit bad screen miscarriages, Bond's portrait is John L. Quintessential and Best Gentleman Jim. <br /> <br /> Speaking of racism It could have been said that Sullivan denied the champion again with Peter Jackson and was black in Australia, and probably the best of his time. I'm sure, as a street player, he came across Corbett and he got 61 rounds in the draw. Fighter created more than any other to obtain the title of Sullivan-Corbett. Of course, when he was the champion of Corbett, Jackson ordered the kick of the title. Perhaps he did not want another round 61-year-old marathon on the other day. Please, Jim is not Jim Corbett's story, it's in the play of Errol Flynn in James J's theater. Corbett Although Corbett had survived in 1942, he definitely loved the movie, and Flynn loved the portrait of his life. As you would remember it.
