If you are looking for a definitive biography of the life of the boxer James Corbett, this film is probably not for you. The famous boxer receives the life of "Hollywood" in the 1940s; The story makes life more real and fun. However, the performances were so good (especially Errol Flynn) and the script was so pleasing that the decorations of the film would be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn, James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett, can play a boxer of the 90's. He became the world's boxing champion in 1892. The film is quite young at the beginning and continues in his career since he won the title against John L. Sullivan. However, although most of the matches were focused on, most of them are short in the film (except the final titles) and emphasizes the sour character of Corbett, as well as his relationship with Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, great assistant actors (for example, permanent actor Alan Hale, Alan Hale) works as an assistant actor, and writers have survived. <br /> <br /> What does it mean? Especially, it's nice to watch the movie Flynn boxer athleticism. Despite the fact that there are several double shots, almost all Boxing scenes are part of the Flynn, and it has made a convincing task as a pugilist. Flynn's departure was enjoyable, in general, he played "pretty boys" roles or swashbucklers, which shows which character was a tough one. To find out more about this, try reading his biography: before he came to Hollywood he was a rough and bad character. <br /> <br /> Now, in regards to the REAL REAL Corbeta, if you're not sure how to 'not intimidate' it. First of all, Corbett was NOT a poor family from poor families, but she was a shining college educator. Secondly, after finishing the movie, Alexis Smith got divorced, a few years later. Thirdly, the final scene of Sullivan and Corbett was surprisingly moving, probably the best part of the movie, it was a jerk of Sullivan that never happened. Actually, Sullivan was more. He was a huge male head maker portraying.
