As you know, eleven directors around the world were asked about the subject for 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame for each short film. We are here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What members can African refugees bring to the towers? Well, nothing. Excellent lesson - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with a great cinematography ... imagine that a female deaf person sees the WTC's dog unconsciously shedding his dog ... Well, see. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): East Korean filmmaker is compassionate ... for everyone: he died ten years ago for one of our soldiers, the Wtc people, but also a Palestinian terrorist suicide. Maybe it's a movie that's greedy for us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good images are traveling, surely ... Unplanned. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): a fun and entertaining story about five boys who want to capture Osama Bin Laden, one of the poorest countries in the world ... And he could do that, but nobody believes they know where they know him. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): September 11, 1973, Chile joined the bloody bloody bloom of thirty years. Thousands of deaths, torture: Henry Kissinger and the CIA all offered to Chile, and knowing that your point of view changes a lot! I think we have released a short film that has no American short film in our theaters! Loach forgot that the WTC was built in 1973! - Surprised by Alejandro Gonzalez (Mexico): we all know images that seem to suit us, and many black screens. I do not get much, it's an artist's video (to show at an exhibit) rather than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): a ballet absent from police, journalists, etc., about a Jerusalem car smoker. Well done. - Mira Nair (India): Islamic anti-feelings on September 11. It's really good. - Sean Penn (us): a fun little story that reminds us of a neglected habit, WTC has a dreadful shadow and some places never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): another. There is not a word about WTC here, and the action takes place at the end of World War II. It has only one message: the war is not holy. This short film gives a very deep feeling, but the director would be better off with more than 11 minutes. --- so ... Great movie, great attempt to make the world temperature. I love.
