This is a story that can make a bad mistake. A simple robbery. Take some serious changes. Put our finances together and everything will be hunky-dory. But mom and pop jewelry store? No problem It pays all insurance. There is no track No one is hurt. Easy money <br /> <br /> Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has an older and successful brother with minor problems. Dependence on heroin, cocaine habit. A wife (Marisa Tomei), well, can not do it by head. His flat stomach days disappeared. Hank (Ethan Hawke) younger brother, sweet and gentle, with a few problems that concern money. Pay after paying off child support, with friends and relatives, in hard-working jobs, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet is 82 years old (!), directs and gets 99.99 percent right, which is hard to do in a thriller. When I saw more thriller than I remember, the director draws film and draws most of life, holes, improbability, cheesy scenes, and fast-paced. Here's a Lumet thriller like artwork. Every detail is perfect. The play is excellent. The land has no holes. The story is genuine and clear, and it also indicates the story of the great human dignity that the great filmmakers and even the Bard himself should pay. <br /> <br /> Hoffman is brilliant. If you do not have a carp, when man directs the presence of mankind you have to discard talent, assembly and concentration. While Ethan Hawke, a rare paper that is not known, adds a disappointment and does not even imply that man adds impunity, so we do not know how to pity him or get him in the trash. Albert Finney plays father of his children as father of children, who refuses to age. And Marisa Tomei, with her unique creativity, the magical abilities to go along with her unique character, can be as vulnerable and tough as Andy's two naughty wives. (But who can fault it?) Nearly fifty commercial movie thriller films is almost a reviewer sacrilege, but if you learn this film, all the filmmakers would be well advised, you will notice the excess type. (According to most Hollywood producers) it looks after details of real art - just like the artist can do, and, in fact, they can not help. (By the way, I think there were thirty producers in this movie, maybe a dozen, check credits). Especially, I can say that Sydney Lumet, the author of excellent films and Way of Go, is showing such loyalty to your craftsman and art at the same age. Let's do all half well. <br /> <br /> It's OK 00.01 percent. It was difficult for the father (Albert Finney) to take Andy around New York around New York, to put it a bit. This is small and all the thriller can be so small. We also wonder why Lumet did not tell us at the end of Hank. We guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell on the floor of the room. Perhaps, Lumet was not happy to shoot, and the time was exhausted, and said: "Leave it that way. It really does not matter." And I do not think so. What's going on with Hank will not be good either. It is not a new type of escaping to Mexico and it is able to start a new life. A guy who gets a fluent sentence between 10 and 20 and serves and man causes a slowdown and does not know that he really was not a man. <br /> <br> /> See this Sidney Lumet, The Best Hollywood, The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many others.
