The title of this movie is: "You must be in the sky for half an hour before you know the devil die," the rewriting of the old old image, "Food and clothing, a soft headache, 40 years old in the sky, before the demons are dead." Kelly Masterson- the first screenwriter (with some changes to the director of Sidney Lumet) has created a melodrama that explores the meaning of the fragmented family as well as the outsourcing of extreme unthinkable forces in the film, the viewer's involvement of a family gradually but almost completely, the flashback of the storyteller / Flash is a technique that is much more widely used by manipulation, offering a series of suggestions on central events that cause this annoying story to be the cause of a robbery, in which case all players' motivations are very poor. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy director, emotionally poor Gina (M Aisa Tomei), and addicted to expensive drug addiction. His life begins to get deeper and he needs money. Andy's younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke), is life-threatening. Martha is divorced with his wife Shrewish (Amy Ryan), with a healthy pension and child support, and friends have borrowed all his friends, and he needs money. Andy Mall Mall proposes a small robbery in a small jewelry store that guarantees both money and secure and fast. The story of Glitch is related to male parents: Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy Hank earns money and Hank himself robs him, but Hank can not agree with the plan, but he hires a friend while Hank plans to escape. car. A very bad robbery is that Nanett, who enters the ordinary secretary, shoots a robbery and tosses himself wrong. Disaster presents a number of secrets about fragile relationships of family, and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their partners) are pushing their attention to every aspect of the tournament. <br /> <br /> Strongly and emotionally-influenced movies, each one of them has great performances, and while we hope Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris are the wisest. Directed by Sidney Lumet, this film is so unforgettable. It's not a movie that's easy to watch, but it's a movie that gives us some bravura performance that demands our respects, reminding us of so many fragile families. Grady Harpa
