I have to admit that I have doubts about this movie before I see them. The main reason for this was compared to a movie by Hitchcock. I have watched movies that I could do to inspire Hitchcock or "Master of Suspense", but I have not seen one of those movies so far. time In my opinion, the Hitchcock house has become incredible (as used in the promotion of small thriller), but, on the other hand, I must admit that it is a European movie. Typically, Hitchcock's large Hollywood studio can boost the excessive names of people. But this film was made in one of the European chauvinist European countries and I am sure that most French people prefer their dead to admit that their films have been inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie and I'm glad I should say it. <br /> <br /> Tells "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my lips" in English. The story of a young secretary named Carla. He is a faithful and faithful worker, but he is never appreciated by his colleagues. This hears a lot, because he has no hearing, so the company's hierarchy rises. But when he is allowed to hire a trainee capable of doing his job, all of this will change. Paul Angeli is a former 25-year-old and unenjoyed criminal. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers for himself. She expects to teach what regular life is, but at the same time drags her into her old life ... <br /> <br /> I still think the name of Hitchcock is often used. This thriller describes a very good movie, that is, this definitive movie: I do not compare between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard's directorate. It's true that this man has done a very good job with this movie. I had not heard of him before, but the truth is he knows how to create a suspense and how you are interested in the beginning from the beginning. This, too, has, of course, a very fine and original story. I'm not sure that someone in Hollywood has encountered the idea of ​​using someone who has a great role to play, instead of becoming a helpless husband (you know, the usual TV-movie story). <br /> <br /> It is also worth to play this movie. Vincent Cassel is very popular, but Emmanuelle Devos had a whole mystery. There is nothing glamorous in his roles, but they both made a brilliant job with the characters, to feel very credible and realistic. Paul could have been an average guy out of prison and Carla was usually a helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really think two strong people have had two bad luck in life but who will do the best together. <br /> <br /> All of this is a very generous and very well-known film. Despite doubts about it, I will soon become one of his greatest admirers. This movie is 8/10. Do not hesitate to try it.
