I'm seeing a very consistent model of 2007 movie identity. It was a year of 2004 biographies and in 2005 it was the year of political films, 2007, they portray stories of morals, portraits, tests, challenges and questions of human morality and our motives. to do some things. Although this identification is quite wide, I think that some of the films that have been released this year, such as 3:10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men and others, especially those who study human morality. The reasons that motivate us to act like violence or betrayal. The devil is an elegant and dark story that is known as a dead man, it is stingy and depressing. Even more, it means one of the greatest classical directors of our time, the origin of the legendary Sidney Lumet, which many have said, has surpassed its first level, but it will return to full force with riches of crime. <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those films that is so thick that it does not make too much detail. This is the best movie without any knowledge of previous events, because it is twisted and rotated. But a thick and rich plot is not in the middle of this film; As I have mentioned, the true view is the story of morality; The causes that lead these two men to their actions in the film. In a plot similar to the Coen Brothers (namely, Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men guided by two dark scenes, in order to capture a simple crime that is ridiculously wrong. full force and inevitable reciprocates with tragedy. And to make it more interesting, it tells the story of a fragmented chronology that keeps track of and continues to show events at different times and once again the last time it stopped. Kelly Masterson's script is stunning, sharp, bold and scary, especially because it's the first screenplay. <br /> <br /> But the movies are much more demanding, unfortunately unbelievable. a pretty depressing plot First of all, the image looks great and feels well. Sidney Lumet has used an interesting film and lighting style throughout the route: at the same time natural and elegant. The movie separates the style and class air, which is truly wonderful with natural lighting. The edition is high; combines theatrical-thriller aspects to represent the great actions that they take for a long time. Live and dynamic cameras add angles and movements to the style. The film is sponsored by Carter Burwell's great musical musician. <br /> <br /> The script has its own part, and, of course, Lumet works on its own, but the dramatic feature of the film is three great actors. good performances First of all, there are two leads. The leading package is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been a great actor, but in recent years he stumbled on the status of the leading man in Capote with his Oscar nomination. In this movie, his turn is wonderful: sharp, broken, manic. Hoffman's films have a really vivid scene that allows him to make his dramatic anger complete, not his sub estiness and sense. On the other hand, he is Ethan Hawke, and has often performed great performances in films that cover many bigger and darker actors. Here it bounces to Hoffman and takes it very well; In total, the dynamics of these are totally fantastic and compelling, the viewer loses his characters very quickly and forgets to see the actors. And then it's Albert Finney. He needs a veteran professional, such as an elegant and handsome assistant, and here, Finney's most brilliant year is the tragically obsessed father of two trapped in the crime. I like how to play three dynamics. I love Hoffman's clear-cut brother and groan who plays his younger brother as middle-aged men nowadays; However, it is clear how Finney's father drives Hawker's younger and weaker brother. Also, about the cast, the two help characters ?? brothers' wives ?? In addition, we have wonderful shows of Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, as they progress through years, a better and better look. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These topics and styles have been studied in The Coen Brothers, and it is very easy to direct this film. However, it goes beyond a well known movie movie. Lumet uses his talented management talent and uses his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for the first time that depicts the life, life and morbidity of Masterson's life. The plays are very vivid and the Hoffman, Hawke and Finney rounds are incredible; But the surprise of the movie is that after winning the Oscar three years, as a final sign of retirement in the film business, Sidney Lumet proves that his talent is incredibly wonderful and resonant. which evokes the vivid piece of film in golden age.
