What an extraordinary crime thriller !! My wife and I saw it at the Toronto International Film Festival last year, and it was far from the best movie movie. DR is my second favorite movie. STRANGELOVE and I repeatedly felt when I got home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin the plot, because the emotions of this caliber are enjoyed well without predecessors. As I feel comfortable sharing, the two brothers, Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, are stealing the jewels of Westchester (New York). The movie lasts approximately twice in two weeks (before, after and after the robbery), and a scene is repeated at least three times. Normally, it can interrupt the impulse of a movie, but this masterpiece does not happen. Excitement, tension, as well as the quality of interpretation seemed to be much better as the movie progressed. Finally, I was in the corner of my seat to breathe. I know I used some clichés in this post, but it was literally on the edge of my seat. I should say that the line is not quite linear. This is not asking the movie by explaining the plot during the movie as part of the listener. <br /> <br /> The performance is absolutely brilliant, and I doubt the admiration of the film itself, if it were not an excellent question. It's a small complaint that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like a brother, but this is not very easy to see. Hoffman was the best and some of the Hawke scenes were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as father Hoffman and Hawke) are very good at protecting roles. Some cameras were also very impressive, remembering Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon's remarks, gestures, and facial expressions? absolute perfection. The scene of robbery was more realistic than the scene of any other movie theft that I ever saw, and I felt most real scenes, especially with Hoffman. The music tension was built throughout the film, many times the same remarks were effectively reproduced. The next day I played music at the head, although I sat down with other films. At the beginning of this paragraph, along with my minor complaint, I thought it was compelling more than one plot (the main spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty close. <br /> <br /> There were fifteen films that I would enjoy watching for the second time, but I know you already know ABOUT A LEAGUE in a league. on its own. Director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and presented Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on the stage. He did not speak to me and somewhat shook Lumet asking: "Do you think someone can be so shy camera?" This comment is quite ironic considering the scenic graphic opening!
