Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) have become tired to compete for the biggest competition and who loves Daddy (Albert Finney), so they make a mockery of Mommy and Daddy's robbery scheme. Stores clean their debts and start fresh. Sound like a wonderful plan, except for a melodrama style of the 1970s melodrama, and guys, things are going to go wrong here for all our imbalance and involvement of our partner. The civil generosity of the screenwriter Kelly Masterson was directed by Sidney Lumet, "Devil Knows You're Dead" with fairness. He uses McGuffin as Heist to deepen his family's drama. <br /> <br /> Against the public belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he has apparently made an agreement to give the Devil a great movie. Lumet was at the peak of the 70's with films like "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico", and my favorite movie from all time, "Network." In any case, he has made a film that includes all the features of his classics, somehow linking more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and time frames and playing with POV), crisp, bold, and provocative melodrama. . It is only expected that Lumet was later created with Scetses or Spielberg (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) that were left when they reached that age. <br /> <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master who directs the characters and creates a tense developmental character. As the offices and finite apartments in Manhattan are valuable, the camera slowly moves because it creates a nonsense anxiety, who is never the next corner or who is likely to be in the other room. Also, it is amazing how Lumet uses how to use POV and modification time drawings. The consistent and classical presentation that uses Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's structured films are apparent. <br /> <br /> It's obvious that Lumet's best is to be guided by amazing sets and mislead them. growing all his life. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and he'll probably never be better than here. Albert Finney is a portrait of his father's betrayal and his father at the end of his rope. Ethan Hawke, because he is usually a beautiful boy, is a perfect emotionally weak brother, who is too old, with his charming and skateboarding appearance. The coup de grace, however, is a set of scenes by Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, similar to the wife given by her trophy. Lumet runs the ranks of emotions that end up in a scene of this type, as William Holden earned Oscar nominee Beatrice Straight from "Networking". <br /> <br /> In every detail of the best of the Devil, Albert Finn's car's trunk is not approaching and Amy Ryan looks like Amy Ryan. "Gone Baby Gone." Ethan Hawke gives his husband a bad promise to his wife as he does not know three of his girls; he will keep track of a family's skateboarding systematic, to ask worshipers for the interview. mentioned (my favorite line is a threatening threatening, "Do you call Chico?") a great score for Carter Burwell. "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" is the annual movie. If something better appears, we know that other offers should be mediated by Old Scratch.
