The French filmmaker's director is surprising that his abilities to simulate the usual look and feel of normal ordinary suburban life continue. This was evident in 2002 when L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), when it was published, a great research on the birth of the white collar worker. The French filmmakers' tendencies, many scenes were filmed on real streets and public places, and a story is heard, but L'Emploi du temps has also been a great looking camera thanks to its excellent work and excellent location. (especially a Swiss mountain retreat). When performing at the footsteps of this masterpiece, another spectacular French production comes in handy, a wonderful crime by Jacques Audiard, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). Actually, to label this film, it is scorned by a criminal offense, because there is so much more. As with the first French version, the investigation of marginal characters is an overwhelming research to advance in a society that is backward. Carla, a construction company in Paris, sits a shy young woman and falls in love at her desk, which is part of the office of Xerox machine and communal office. <br /> <br /> Misguided colleagues face front desk at the Carla office desk for lunch and half-finished Styrofoam coffee mugs. As a part of the party's hat, Carla activates and listens to her hearing aids, if the sounds are awful, the drone foils or the cries of a baby's companion. When head of office calls the office to hire an assistant secretary to help with the job load, Carla fears she loses her job. In the employment office, Carla lists her wishes to her assistant (the male she prefers) in a Personals Agency. He's 25 years old and has to clean it with a wide computer and file skills. When the agency sends an unpleasant and threatening young man, Carla is surprised and fascinated. They leave the office and lunch at a local restaurant, because Carla interviews her prospective assistant. When he was released from prison, Carla does not have anything to do with Paule, but she changes her heart and hires her. Although she joins the assistant, Carla now has a potential authority and a new sense of power. Paule quickly learns and is able to become a worker. Carla Paule finds a temporary position and helps her cover her as her official parole officer asks her why she asked for a day's office. At lunch, Carla will tell Paul about her lack of speech and shows her ability to read lips. Later, when a carved worker takes Carla into a project that works, an angry Carla asks Paul to seek revenge on the man. From here, Sur mes Levres has become one of the most graphicly graphic scenes that have emerged over the last few years on the screen. The script takes into account the elements of Hitchcock, especially the ARRAI WINDOW, which carats the lips of Carla's luster with a pair of binoculars. He is paying homage to both stars, which creates a stunning tribute to NORTH BY ASTEORO, but it works thanks to the warm sex that it slowly generates between the two stars. In other words, this movie is not the classic Hitchcock Thriller, although these elements are definitely still, but the wonderful view of today's city (in this case in Paris) where life drives. day-long bundles, night-time, drugs and whiteness, night-time daily life that infiltrates many people. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological suspense; Everyone looks like a man and a woman in the street. In it, it is punctured on the face or the cross and where the office is a place where it is terrifying. Hitchcock is gloves
