"The Blob" worship is classified as a science fiction film, which began in the Steve McQueen 27-year-old career, because in the 1950s it was inseparable because of the foreign invasion and adolescence delinquency exploitation. . It is interesting that none of the script Kay Linaker and Theodore Simonson sank into Earth's amorphous, reddish protoplasm, a meteorite and every small town in Downingtown in Pennsylvania, threatening Friday's "The Blob." Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old hunter of "West Wanted: Dead or Alive," "West Wanted: Dead or Alive", when Dick Powell's producer saw Paramount Pictures. McQueen, on the other hand, is the attractive girlfriend of Aneta Corsaut with Andy Griffith in "The Andy Griffith Show". Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but rarely real teenagers are playing real teenagers. Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr. The director directed his first feature film "The Blob". Linaker and Simonson's scripts synthesized four genres: first, an alien invasion; second, adolescent delinquency; the third, the mystery of murder and the fourth; a horror chiller Moreover, even if it contains various forms of gelatinous substance, it remains anonymous. In other words, the same name Jell-Ok does not speak of telepathy or communicate. Instead, it kills without title and no one discriminates. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious, even though nature is quite campy. <br /> <br /> As filmmakers emphasize in the book "The Blob" Criterion DVD, the movie opens in a different image with a horror thriller our hero and hero in a remote rural setting, kissing. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a large meteor fall into the ground and find him. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and knows a stick. The meteor opens and a bunch of goop joins the stick. When the old temple ("The Paleface" Olin Howland) looks closer, the handkerchief hands it. The old man escapes from the crater and Steve almost plays his jalopy. They choose Steve and Jane the guy and lead Dr. Hallen in the village. <br /> <br /> Hallen must leave his own to talk to the doctor when Steve and Jane go to the old man's office. Hallen returns the phone with the nurse, who will need to make an amputation. Hallen has never seen anything before the human arm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes come across a group that puts Steve's driving fast. Stev deceives in a reverse record race, but Dave (Earl Rowe), the chief of the local police, leaves him angry. Steve and adolescents visit the meteorite crater site and find the remains of the meteorite. When they visited the old house and saved a dog, the teenagers split a nightly horror film while Steve and Jane Hall were returning to the office. In the meantime, he absorbed the old piece completely, the nurse Hallen was killed and he was attacked by the doctor. Protoplasm acids or the Hallen shotgun have no trace. Steve looks at Hall's absorber. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to tell the story, Dave is very badly incredible, but Bert (John Benson) believes in sergeant to be a joke. Bert has an ax to keep up with teenagers because his wife killed his car. office is bandaged. Sgt. Bert's advice turns Davek into teenage parents. As soon as Steve and Jane believed that people are sleeping in bed, they believe they are bored again. They went into town and see a dog that was away from them before a supermarket. When recovering the Mutt, Steve food is open to the food store door. Nobody finds it, but they meet the blob. Steve and Jane get out of the freezer and the blob does not attack them. Later, after escaping, adolescents who challenge a street race will be persuaded to warn the authorities because they should be in bed. Dav's police officers and firefighters enter the supermarket. Steve tries to save Davis in everything that is in the blob store. At that time, Blob dies theatrical projectionist and attacks the filmmakers. Suddenly, a horde of people left the theater and Dave think Steve. Steve and Jane go against a meal as they blob. The owners and our heroes are drilled in the winery and Steve promises to restore the blob caused by a fire extinguisher with its freezing content. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect all the fire extinguishers from the town and freeze the blob. . The Pentagon will send a team to take it to the north pole. As the traces of Blob go down to the ice runner, the latest credits appear with a ghostly question mark. Producer James B. Harris has achieved the footage of the Globe military transport aircraft master that catches the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" was a success and the film that gave Steve McQueen a great star added momentum. If you are a young man, this little horror movie is not terrifying, but Yeaworth and its performers create enough paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. The blob never assimilates his victims and shows all his imagination, so "The Blob" is not without slight hue.
