For the first time I saw some years ago now in a television channel in Sicily that has disappeared; surprisingly, the movie was a curious film that was a Criterion DVD: I did not know for sure (despite the worship status over the years, its achievement is modestly seen even though it is a genre pair). not to make a purchase? As I did in the same way, and for me, it's unknown to FIEND (1958). Recently, however, I got THE BLOB with a copy of the Spanish DVD, which is attached to two episodes of Audio Commentary in "Criticalion Edition", but unfortunately I could not finish the Spanish subtitles. Main feature playback! Anyway, when I saw the movie again, I was surprised how much I liked (much more than a narrative error, I'll come later)? "B-movie" schlockiness (a nice example atypically shot), an empty example and a time-lapse illustrating social attitudes at the end of the 1950's. Men's lead to Steve (s) was McQueen's first assignment, and even though the actor could look back at him with great respect, the single contribution to the genre proves to be quite ardent: it is not anti-unfair but still dignified (and more importantly, altruistic. The special effects that make you awful and dissapointed are not their kind and bad times, the same movie has risen to the top of the movie's early monster invasion (DAUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7], as I have mentioned recently in the review of this film, but in a curious way "rotate" and its sequence, which will appear in the opening of a satirical Italian program, really called "Blob!"), in the case of the lesser-known film: the monster is not traveling, it turns out in different places, nobody sees it, police for children scrapes It highlights (similar to filler), it is nonsensical for the doctor of the town to go on the film? Liquid, regardless of the proportion, as if the bullets were destroyed; It is equally absurd to warn teenagers about risk-making at home by making home visits (especially at this stage, considering McQueen's really monster)! The sequel that was set up in 1972 is BEWARE THE BLOB; Originally it was renewed in 1988? I have seen this time, but it seems they have not kept the impression (although I know he loves Micheal Elliott). For this record I will make two other collaboration between the director Ieaworth and the producer Jack H. Harris, 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
