Chocolat, films such as Beau Travail and others have been the French director of Claire Denis in the upper and most magnificent world filmmakers, and in 2004 The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of his portfolio. A cinematic poem that gives a mood to fulfill loneliness and loss. The film is physically and mentally spoiling the man's psyche and travels around the world, looking for recovery and peace but it is difficult. When Jean-Luc Nancy was based on the memory of a heart transplant, Intruder is an unstoppable opacity, although after describing two perspectives it is difficult to describe other non-subjective impressionists. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man of the seventies who is likely to die of heart disease and as a teacher of Ingmar Bergman's Strawberry, tries to report his life's mistakes while he or she needs time. It is clear that it is physically hard and very rich, but it seems that it is emotionally drained and its face looks calmly relaxed. Although he sees only one section of violence, he comes out of bed to kill a stranger in the middle of the night, and it's sensible about it. It may be an official intelligence, a foreign agent or a successful man. <br /> <br /> However, it is seemingly under custody and acts like a man who is badly punished. Now we are able to see the effects. The close face of the movie creates a sense of isolation. He lives in a cabin in the mountains of Jura, near the French and Swiss border, and Sidney (Gregoire Collin) has been a forgotten child. Sidney lives with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a significant scene, he finds his father in the street and calls him lunatic, but that does not allow him to take his money. <br /> <br /> If we open the movie, Antoinette, we will meet a Swiss. border guard, draws a van with a trained dog and sniff out smuggling. When he returns home, his husband will pay tribute to the cheek if he asks "to claim?" Outside these three individuals, we can see the people we see in the rest of the film and Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life, and all the films are in the middle of the first half: a pharmacist (Bambou), a dog who prepares his medication (Béatrice Dalle), who does not refuse to take care of his dogs. He was saying that he had a trip away, and says that a young Russian organ (Katia Golubeva) says that he wants the "heart of a young man". <br /> <br /> Without love, he looks after him. During the film, it is apparently only in his head. In the final episode of the film, he travels to South Korea for a heart transplant and gives Tahitira a gift to another son who has not seen it for many years or has never seen it. The heart transplant, however, seems to be the metaphor of a man without heart, a fascinating but direct life, enters into the lives of others with real empathy. The Intruder has a soundtrack for Stuart Staples's Tindersticks group, Jim Jarmusch's rememorating guitar of Deadman and Denis's regular film directed by Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard generates long-lasting memories: a heart only in the snow, looking at two-minute-long father in a boy, the child's expression gradually smiling and half-way from the ship. , in a dark room in a mysterious massage, and a vast expanse of ocean views from a wide boat. Despite the fact that Intruder is elusive and frustrating, Denis forces us to meet our own experience to understand the screen images in a very personal way. If it's a matter, there will be a suggestion in the opening that explains everything in the movie: "your worst enemies are hiding in the shade, in your heart."
