In Sammo Hung's Pedicab Driver 1989, he plays his masterpiece. I have to agree, in a way, because Hong Kong's films have never been the best part because of its incredible and wonderful achievements. Pretty and well-written drama, interesting, and sympathetic characters, humor is really fun and a true hyper-kung-fu, because many jaws will ensure that little people do not know when to drop it. Together with Hong Kong cinema, it is seen as a movie, as well as for fans of special industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok play two pedicab drivers living in central Hong Kong, Siu Chung. In the last century, I think. They drive the booths and they are also disappointed with love. Sammo is interested in the local Ping Bakery (Nina Li Chi). One day, Max finds the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying on the day. Many other characters come in too, and they are still very clear when the viewer focuses on the movie and his plot, so I can not say that the movie is confusing, especially in Hong Kong! We can soon find out, for example, that the bloody family of the gangster is scared by the neighborhood and, of course, their violence is also affecting the protagonists, and therefore one of the most powerful sequences of kung fu-fu has been created. A beautiful theater too. <br /> <br /> The film has a great deal of work. The directors are very good and slow (it's not so enjoyable as a great performance and "humor", for example, Sammo's East Condors (1987), and the script is also very enjoyable and easy. to identify The news includes renowned HK film and director Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and Soul of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2), such as the famous director of the film. Lowell Lo Koon-Ting, the main composer (including John Woo's The Killer and Ringo Lam's Fire and Prison on Fire, among many others, including Pedicab Driver!), Shau veteran Liu Chia Liang (with Sammo's furious fight sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin -Ting (the director of the classic dark HK noir in 1988), the name of Mr. Lam Ching Ying, (known for his splendid HK Vampire Horror / Kung Fu / Comedy Face of the Comedy). In particular, Pedikab Driver cast is one of the most interesting ones I have ever seen in any other HK productions. <br /> <br /> The film has some interesting moments of peace between Max Mok and Fennie. Yuen and they make a crisis thanks to the character of Lowell Lo. It is really possible that if we are to discuss human values ​​and the meaning of love, what is your past or what you have done to live, so serious and really effective in the middle. The movie is far more prominent than kung fu spectacle activists. The effort to cure other people's stuff is also very emotional and we love human relationships and friendship and love. However, I think that Fenniek Max ("bad cooking" about the future) is not very necessary, and safely tones the whole segment and its issues quite unfortunately. <br /> <br /> But then we will reach out to the filmmakers who most liked it. What is action, shameless and supreme action? Fighting scenes are traditional kung fu, sticks, flesh sleeves and the like, and here they are used historically, as the most memorable kung fu scene, in any movie I've ever seen Jackie Chan's Drunken Master II (1994). They are really great! There are cables and they are used very quickly and the people fly the other corner of the room when they push oppressors or fists. Simply amazing and again something can be delivered to Hong Kong cinemas. At the same time, dangerous stunts breathe into the viewer, because the film has a fast car, pedicab's harassment sequence, and spreads with dangerous twists and twisted bodies through the air and in a tough destination. However, it seems that filmmakers do not "accept" the film violence as it is Sammo, as Bruce Lee himself wanted to give up after the deadly enemy of the gangster, and I think that morale does not matter. how obvious it is or how superficial it is, it's a good thing like this, because it's a harmful movie, it wants to be much more than movie entertainment. <br /> <br /> The movie also has a bit extravagant. I am not sure that I am not sure how to understand or liked everyone in Hollywood or America (for example). Star Wars is a ridiculous gag at the start, definitely, among them and I was literally laughed when I realized I was seeing it. Also, some fun scenes created by Sammo Ping's passion have been created. However, it was the greatest laugh for surprise at the scene imagined in ancient times, because the images that fly great men and highs on the wall or in their furniture are just like INSANE and I can not hide my feelings. The thoughts surrounding these filmmakers, when I see something similar, this is not a positive and estimable reaction, of course. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of Hong Kong's most breathtaking action movies. and easily among the great achievements of Sammo. If there were not any small errors, they could be even brighter and higher. 8/10
