John Van Drute's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a beautiful and unexpected fantasy about a current witch-treaty witch in New York's current witchcraft; Of course, the film was appealing. There was a sharp star for Gillian Holroyd, his first book publisher, Shepherd Henderson and his family circle, the fascinating Shepen, including the hateful Merle Kittredge, by Shep Gillian losing his magic spelling. Even Pyewacket, Sidney Redlitch, Sidney Redlitch, also knew a cat of Siames, a fictional witch expert, with bad clothes and bad habits. In summary, perhaps the office magic seemed to be the producer. And so he proved. There were so many things in his production; For the only element was not perfect; but the rest seemed fun, charming and very consistent-funny. To begin, Daniel Taradash's script featured the best theater plays, but opened his scenes in Greenwich Village and other areas of New York. The technical production was beautiful, with the legendary film by James Wong Howe, George Duning's magnificent score, Louis Diage's bigger sets and Jean Louis's costumes. Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule, Merle, Ernie Kovacs Redlitch, Jack Lemmon, Gillia's evil brother, great comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold, witch boys and Kim Novak. Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was, in my opinion, the perfect elements; He did well with the parts of the comedian, but he never believed in as a publisher of the New York book and part of Henderson. But director Richard Quine used the lighting, rhythm changes and unusual plans to express the nature of the witches of the movie, the other parts being very bright but lighter in their presentation. The main plot of the plot is, in fact, it falls against Gillian Henderson, who does not believe in witches. In spite of this, the competition of his university began only to get out of the sea. Later, when trying to get out of Henderson, he continues to return to him, and he realizes that he is in sorcery, he explained how he pardoned him. .. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich has called Witch Spell to New York to sell her book Henderson. Of course, magic knows nothing, but he is very surprised and is interested in why he came from anywhere; But Gillian's brother is cleared up. They all end up in this romantic satire, Gillian points out Henderson's love as a result of losing his powers; That is, witch comes to them when they love a real man. Of course, he did not want to face it in any way. The film has a great deal of dialogue, charm and magic in their charms with the charming witches and the pain and gossip that Gillian has to face himself and to win. Beautiful picture and unusual love is the end of my amazing realism, though fantasy, in my opinion, in its entirety. Wonderful event
