Again, you will find a movie that defines your values ​​and deepens your human emotions deeply. Is this Vivah just that? maybe more After seeing DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I thought that Bollywood had reached its peak and that would not happen, EVER. Boy I was wrong! I went to the store to buy some food and I decided to select this movie with the "DON" (I just can compare it with Great AB and ShahRukh, even if I made the decision in my mind). Should I miss out on 3 hours if I had to ask a foolish movie, I realized I needed to do something. When I saw a valuation of A instead of A, I was happy, at least they did not see something that I need to see when I do not see bad skills with bad bad guys and they do it. That they have more abilities than the Hollywood actress B. Thus, in the first 5 minutes, I would think again that he had been subjected to an unpretentious story with bad performance. After all that Shahid Kapor has ever seen, he has never been known as a reputed actress. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This movie captured my interest after the first 5 minutes and never let it be left. It was a great movie that disappeared from the traditions of our society. I did not think the director was sufficiently courageous that the younger generations had enough to do with a concept (organized marriage), but that he also believed (that should have been done). I do not know why some people think that acting was not good. I thought it was an excellent performance, though it's not always the best music consortium, but it's still very good. It's a good thing to get people to grow this music over time when I grow up with it, after watching the movie for a second time. Another good thing is that your songs are not included in the script, as we have seen in so many films. These songs tell a great deal of the story and they have definitely been welcome. Actors such as Ajay Devgan (The Next Company) went through jokes, and Salman found an indication of "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; Shahid Kappa is one of the best actresses and entertainers in Bollywood. This is his favorite and his first movie role. He worked well and was a good looking young man. Yes, you do not play basketball and play at every point like Dunklj ShahRukh (although it has been proved in India in England, although they do not have basketball in basketball), it will find it very credible, as a person who meets its values. Amrita Rao, for the first time, found someone to remember. She competed with all her big faces in all her other films and really hindered her. No one knew who the actor really was before watching the movie. Especially, some scenes that weep in the end really show their activity and knowledge. Although in another movie, this is a lot more memorable. I think this film should be wondrous. Move Rani? In the end, a girl who can give a decent chance to work with another good director can take another lantern. He has a beautiful and beautiful voice and has a face full of innocence. Or having almost 0% of body fat does not hurt (either people will challenge you, you can even find 0.1% fat and just like many others like Sonalia). I've never loved anyone who loved me and I thought Madhuri and Kajol at first, but that changed completely. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together, and their relationship was adjusted to the characters, and they both worked brilliantly (even if she said she was a girl like Shahid Salman, "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I saw this movie, I resolved to see the movie again, which was getting emotionally wrinkled (immediately). Yes, right away. I never did that. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had to be understood again and again. Surely, I watched this movie for the third time over the weekend so we could see and review the traditions we grew up. I like family time and time to have fun. Parents respected children and children for their parents' time. I know a lot of people portray portraits of real life, but we do not want to happen in the depths. Families, your tradition, love and respect. This will remind us all of this movie. I'm sure you'll enjoy that it's a very well-done movie. I am sure that some young people do not like this movie, but if you are over 28 years old, you will be questioned one of them.
