Excellent documentary, apparently West Coast's two rock rock groups: The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre Relations. Anton Newcomb is a portrait of a psychopathic border and his relationship with the rest of the world. It is interesting that there is almost no music for a documentary music. No - the songs are arrested, more than in the middle of those who did not abduct interpreters. Although the main characters are musicians, the story is not about music, but about a British version of a cartoon life, especially the American one, that is, no one has to take well-deserved adolescents based on their full time. Blows, drugs, violence, inadequate postures, a very epic scenario - all pardon or positively encourage the idea of ​​rock'n'roll. As a movie, it is a first-class documentary, but it answers more questions. For example, why is Anton so conservative music? So, for something wild and shameless (and incredibly and insolent), it seems that his music goes beyond the spectacular idol (Divisions, Belbiles, etc.) beyond the spectacular derivations (which can play 80 instruments). He never likes to play one of them beyond the highest level. Also, Dandy Warhols's ambition is based on a rock'n'roll vision that was substantially fossilized in 1969. There's nothing wrong with pastiches, of course, but surely there's more than one cartoon at the end of the 60's. . Why not take some risks with their music? Did they make their models somehow? Supposedly, this is not music. It is a complementary music, a back or excuse to carry dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be famous. Great The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. Of course, he has a very talented talent, but every time he is able to reach a wider audience, he finds himself in the most dramatic way possible. She is terrified at the same time and, at the same time, she feels completely different from her, especially Dandy Warhols's former friends. Wonderful movie Highly recommended
