For many years, a documentary about two rock groups. Brian Jonestown Massacre and Dandy Warhols. It is unique to analyze the complex contrasts of personalities and the success and failure of ironies. Anton Newcombe, the major man of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is known as genius music not only for colleagues, his friends, and Dandy Warhols, but also for record makers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately, his team members are not able to integrate with the real world. The Newcombe team fights with team members or audience members (they are arrested for a moment by shaking themselves at the head of a fan). Newcombe knows no limits? He plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces BJM music, produces enough songs to complete the entire album throughout the day, has an obsession with the prophets of his musical genius but also a heavy-duty user. He is angry at the smallest commitment of his artistic integrity, he orders them as a way of life to his team members and plays it as fast as he does. Does BJM spend a lot of disk tags in the fast track? When they realize Newcombe's talents, they let them start when they realize they are completely uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> Warhol owes his creativity to Newcombe, and he does not even know about them. the highest area of ​​grandeur? But does Warhol have something that BJM does not have? Their talents make sense, real world and the ability to integrate their market? As a talent mixer (even if the guru is distilled from Newcombe) and accessibility, they are the same definition of "cool". Excitement! The parallel career of both bands continues with increasing poignancy. At some point, Newcombe collides with the appearance of advertising, threatening the apparent death of Warhols and send messages to hatred (like live ammunition and insults like soap indoors)? "He forgets that it is a stanza, and so paranoid in Newcomber They take a restrictive order against Dandy Warhols when they start in Europe, with hits such as "Every Day Should Be A Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcombe is increasingly isolated. BJM stops and the band is suspended for possession of marijuana When Warhols gets rid of drugs at the same time, they allow them to stop and even keep their herbs. DiG! Genius and accessibility lessons go beyond bandwidth or rock music. The problem is that there is still a documentary, as intimate, and especially people interested in cinema fans or interested groups or both of them It attracts them. Newcombe may, of course, have a genuinely recognized genius, and there is an apparent picture of the film, but there are much more than the statements of people interviewed in the horror ears. One of the members of the band: "In every spiritual tradition, you are burned in hell for pretending to be God and not being a helper". Does Newcombe not look like? But numerically it is still not enough to thank him in his life, and DiG! He has a rugged struggle to curb balance but is largely ignorant of a genius.
