I saw this movie at the same time the whole family of Nine. As soon as my younger brother recently married, we could go way. It highlights the classic touches of love between the movie mates. Fortunately, at this time, they have been used in all the premises of Indian Ranugan Almora, which have already been visited by most of the urban centers; That's why the connection with the movie is added. The interviews are much better than "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a supposedly dialogue-based movie. The background of music is increasing the "second focus" of music. Somehow he reminded me that VV Chopra's "Kareeb" neo and, to a certain extent, directed Bobby's character. The same thing here, because the lead pair does not depart from or fails to perform. They accept cast too. The actor plays the role of Bhabhi in front of me. The reality of the situations of family presented is a reality and you smile when you find yourself in a person's place. The songs were very well suited to the scenes and the movies. However, despite the fact that Ravindra Jain respects the work he has done with Ramayana films, I missed Ram Laxman. <br /> <br /> It was not a double challenge (in the Sivan category), no bikini, no riot and no nonsense. . You would like to see your parents comfortably if you are already or soon. I would like to express what I said here, although Suraj also proposes that family members are not among families or individuals, his view is completely individualistic. The film is about Prem & Poonam; the other characters are unexpected. Art imitating life? "Peripheral characters" are sent to backgrounds and the protagonist is the only lead. <br /> <br /> Everything was back, it was almost huge. Except for the Drama party. The tragedy situation was created artificially. The result, the sacrifice and the change of the subsequent heart are not credible. That is why the emotional punishment that is missing is the same goal of the turn of events. However, a short tour of the story required the film to feature a beautiful video clip of the previous husband and wife. But I was waiting for the punch and never came. Mohnish Bahal and later Alok Nath's preaching had no place and things passed. This may be the film to help with the tax situation. The land, however, could be more interesting and non-linear than what it was. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I thought the question was: 1 Has the movie really finished? 2 Has the movie finished?
