<br /> <br /> I am convinced that the same thing happened in Homer Hickam's adaptation of the real life of the Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky". Anagram of the title of the book is only good enough. I have not read Hickam memo, but I am still able to enjoy and understand their film adaptation. Written by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), a teenager, recorded the story from October of 1957. It opens the sounds of a radio broadcast, informing the Russian satellite Sputnik. orbiting the first artificial satellite. We will see a gray, gray town and its people: mainly miners working for the Olga School Company. One of the mines listens while chatting on a manual radio while in the elevator axis, but the signal is lost while the darkness disappears and the sky over it is over it. A melody of the violin melody disappears with this picture. Then we get an Elvis blow on the car radio as the word on the screen gives us word-based information: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), are talking about football attempts. Football scholarships come out of this town and for boys who work in mines. "Why are you the only ones to go to college," Homer questions. Roy Lee replied: "They are the only ones that get girls." Homer does not play football as a theater theater brother, so it is aimed at mines and is in the footsteps of his father's footsteps. Until it sees the point of light that goes through October October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go to space," says Homer. After an intense attempt at the beginning of a rocket and his mother's (Natalie Canerday) fence, Homer has asked for help from Quentin Wilson nerdy (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you know about rockets?" Homer quickly starts "everything." Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) Homer is widely admired by her science teacher Big Creek High School, and four boys work to build Homer basements. However, his father, mine is life, does not tolerate it. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) thinks Homer does not have to waste a lot of time on the rock, coal mines are all things. Mining coal is used for steel and, without steel, the country would not be anything. The hard relationship between Homer and his father is one of the toughest relationships I have ever seen in a movie. Mrs. Riley Homer presents her idea of ​​joining the local science fair to go to nationality and earn a college scholarship. "You can not go the only way out of Coalwood," says Homer. Homer and his friends do dreams constantly, working on rockets, improving each model in each attempt. Despite many attempts, the boys have not lost their decision. "We have the chance to win this science fair," O'Dell asks him in one of his most desperate periods. "One million," Homer replied. "Good?" O'Dell replied: "Well, why did not you say that?" The music by Mark Isham, at the same time, gives sadness and hope, especially sad, because Homer loses dreams of getting out of the sky and Coalwood when he goes down the mine. A rock and roll in the 1950s, including The Coasters and Buddy Holly songs, occasionally sets aside instrumentalities to create a minor mood for teenage life. Fred Murphy's photos also use colors to set and symbolize moods. Coalwood Town, shot in Tennessee, washed with blues, gray and brown. As if all the coal-washable things are on the face - faces, clothes, houses and roads. A pair of red convertible couples when boys are about to ask for directions, is obvious from Coalwood's outlying world and Olga Coal Company. The book design of the guided missiles that gives Riley to Homer is red. The red one stands out enough to symbolize the "extraction" of the gray-blue world of Coalwood, but it is still subtle. The red ones are just a touch of unforgettable touches of Homer's only dream. As Jake Gyllenhaal points out as hell with Homer Hickam, he expresses hope and adaptability, it is hard to believe that it is not at the end of the real Homer film. Chris Cooper is also incredibly incredible because Homer's father is hard, who does not know or does not want to admit that mine is not enough to keep the town alive. Everyone who drives Homer and his rocket know that the town is dying. When the community was disbanded, the only way to get together is to showcase the rocket displays. Again, I am sure that things did not happen as the portrayal of the movie, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "October Sky" is just a great enough move for that and a great deal to do it.
