October Sky is a highly acclaimed movie, and it's easy to see why. The story is very easy to understand and the atmosphere is difficult for many actors, actors and actors, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the heroine finally gets what he wants and is a real story. To be honest, the accomplishment of the director is not the spark and spark that produces the original story. We do not see any particular narrative or cinematography; The power of the film is based on a terrifying and dreadful plot, because the young hero is trapped by most people to identify with the characters. Homer thinks we want to win father's confession and create a future, and his resilience gets our respect. October October¡¨ Japan reminded me of the small production produced in the Japanese series 2001, that is to say, it may have some sources of inspiration for this movie. These two works in two cultures really offer an interesting comparison. When October Sky opens up a story about a young man who echoes when he tells him the right to have his destiny, Rocket Boy¡¯ offers a more dangerous description that sometimes makes them critical of modern society. With the brilliant actress Yuji Oda, "Rocket Boy" is three common men: it is an agent who travels to the dream of becoming an astronaut, to become proud and wonderful advertising agent. The complexity and idea of ​​the extreme complexity that resulted in the success of the father and older brother (that is, Homer with his family). The gathered social consciousness exceeds the definition of its success to their constituents, and the step further awaits their claims when they dump their dreams. It can not be. To compensate for his missed ideal, he works as a travel operator in Kobayashi (Yuji) ... ¡§Gallery is called. ¨ When his client fails and decides to leave his girlfriend, he finds the strength of his father's words, because he decided to be a sailor but then he found a more attractive sea life. he thought. § But I will not regret, ¡¨ his father told Kobayashi, "I tried at least." Father Father's work has been acknowledged to make the job vacated and asking astronauts. It hurts the legs and moves in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts end up failing and returned to the travel agency. But his fantastic courage inspires his friends and everyone loves them. Before finishing the series, Kobayashi is working as a space-based guide for learning more about astronauts. After finishing the tour, standing up against a tree, opening a sign that tears a tanner from the ad, he says, "Atronauta wants it to 2004. -. Kobayash divides paper and laughed and laughed. looking for a child in Disneyland. Kobayashi may not want to get what he wants, but he does the courage of his destiny and simply. This series is so popular that the hero does not show heroic acts, but the unstoppable and unstoppable sense of his dream. We admire and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show sheds light on us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayash have a dream and they do everything they can while they are the opinions of others. Other IMDB users recommend watching Japanese TV series. If you are nine or eight people, you will feel touch. I'm sorry that IMDB does not have its data, maybe someone in Japan may ask for help.
