Based on the fact that Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal) is a teenager, when he grew up in a charcoal town in West Virginia, a boy's usual destiny was "to be in the mines." Homer, however, was looking at the sky and loved the flying rockets, he could hear the voice of his father's father and, in general, the fear of the people of the town. Surely bad, rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket Unfortunately, most people and, above all, Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they're losing time. However, people are fascinated and soon they start out and Rocketboys send home missiles. Only one high school teacher learns their efforts and informs them that they should be awarded a university scholarship that could be skeptical at the National Fair. Nowadays, the gang needs to improve craftsmanship and overcome many problems that face the star. The director Joe Johnston has always had titles of the same name, such as Jumanji and Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky" surely over all his other films. Without a doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort and, of course, his best film. The story is not only well shot, but as a movie, in all things, it is necessary for a high-level cinema. With Johnston's usual direction, there are extraordinary performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when the movie was released and she gave a beautiful and natural performance. It's a great actress. Chris Cooper also gives his father a great deal. The same is true of Laura Dern and it's also beautiful. Other performances are also good. The background was a good result. A very inspiring movie that increases your spirit. Specifically, one of those films that inspires your whole life. Fantastic inspiring movie and great entertainment. It can not be missed.
