A simple and effective film that responds to a whole life challenge. Homer and his friends liked to grow in humanity, without falling into the trap of a father-in-law, a pre-fabricated future, to be a local mining mine and never get out of that fate. He also had to take three challenges to conquer Homer and his friends for a free and personal future. The first challenge of artificial satellites in the history of human history, Sputnik 1, the Soviet satellite, a landmark of human history, Homer and his friends could not be a kidney point, he did not want to miss. Then calculate the challenge of applied science and mechanics and from scratch the rocket or, on the other, the books and the order could be included in themselves. In the end, the challenge of a world that is trying to resist and deny and deny the world created as a result of an accident in force on the backs of survival, and that Homer also had to admit it with courage. His plans and dreams gradually blocked the challenge. But the other aspect of the story emphasizes that the movie is not enough. He is the bearer of the Homer project, but also the transportive inspiration of his friends. If he wants to get a university scholarship, his friend has given him priority, his friends can also get on their own roads and tracks, and they will allow them to capture the destiny of mining, thanks to their inspirational example. She puts her eyes on her eyes. It is sometimes difficult to follow an example like a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing the father how to cope with this dream, for which science was not the fabric of a real man, mining or football. The fate of the working class, which was so present in the 1950s and the sixties, is sometimes still present, often forced by ordinary father's thoughts. If the mother does not have the courage to talk one day, the fate of the working class becomes a horrible trap. Here is also an effective film and some parents think. This may be the fourth challenge that Homer faces: taking the road that he did not indicate and program his father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine and University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
