I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after Main Prem Ki Deewani Hoon, and for one year I watched the Vivah promotions. But I did not want to get my money to get dirty in the movie. When the movie was first released on DVD, I rented it and watched it and I loved the movie and talked to Sooraj. I saw it again yesterday again and I thought I needed to review this movie this time. Sooraj R. BarjatyaGot it right time, OK I did not have a great fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I've always loved Manie Pyar kiya, Manie Pyar kiya after me, I think Vivah Barjatyas is the best work. I never get tired in a movie, but I'm crying this movie. Until then you've been in love, there will be a lot of moments that will touch you on this movie, the movie is very sweet and you will fall in love with him, I think I see much less film. <br /> </ br> The story of the movie Desi and a very old movie, but it seems to me that it is a modern one, because the two couples who are organizing the wedding find out that it is an old habit. At this time, many people do not believe in organizing this marriage, but I do not. Especially special films and movies, a journey between commitment and marriage. Prem shows how Poonam knows it for the first time, and that's what reality and what my parents said was that she was getting married and that she was so real, as they meet at Prem and Poonam. most weddings occur. It was very sweet, you are still anxious to feel excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows very well. We will return to the story. Your trip soon joins Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and there families. It's really good to have a rotation on this movie, all the last 30 minutes you'll reach the tissue box. <br /> <br /> This film makes the chemistry between Prem and Poonam so astonishing, how they fall. The other is sweet. Simple boy and Simple Girl, "Do Anjane Ajnabe" and then sing, very sweet, hardly says anything, and Prem likes him with his past and liked the girl. smoking Then he's still a family trip, and then they really fell together. You want to see the pair and see all the sweet moments. Another factor is that Poonam chichi means that it is because of Poonam's feelings because he has treated him bad and because he wants to see the happiest and when he finally achieves happiness, you are also delighted to make the movie basically make you feel. Poonam falls in love with the Prem Premant. When he finds happiness through the press, he wants to be happy and, besides, he does not go wrong because he shows the character as a simple sweetheart. Performances for me and Amrita Roa Poonam is amazing in the movie, the best work to date will be to love your innocent love and be encouraged to be happy. As a prem, Shahid Kapoor is also amazing; The film is a support for Poonam, the film is happiness, they share a great deal of chemistry together with SRK and Kajol. I have never seen a great couple. If Ishq Vishk does not touch you, how likely it is to be nice. The song "Mujhe Haq Hai" and the great chemistry that precedes it. The scenes that touched me led him to take Poonam into his room and show him that he will stay there and open it and have a moment with sweetness. If you're in love again, if you love someone you can connect to a lot of those disguised. It's just the sweetest thing that will ever see the movie. <br /> <br /> Direction is a good movie for me, it's something that threatens to make things happen and stop them. Here's a fake and there's a camera. This movie pulled me on for me and I felt the movie was really linked to these three hours. The songs that you like only when you've watched the movie, after watching the songs I watched, I do not stop playing! Music is amazing, the story is amazing, just what else can I ask for? <br /> <br /> Finally, what I can say, we rarely get the film that feels like it, after seeing this movie you will feel very good and want a better person. In essence, it is the most beautiful traveler, especially when traveling between engagement and marriage and many people say it is the best part of your life? Well, does this film really show how someone really says? Why do people really say that the trip is amazing! See this movie and an amazing trip!
