Looking at ads for this movie, I was pretty persuaded that I would be proclaimed. For some reason, the movies were "based on the novel," because the author of the book saw the script, he hated it and was not related to movies. Worse, the trailer showed only the most slapstick everyday (for example, children face buckle in the garden with a hose ... and it falls). So, my little brother recalled that it was a movie to be "seen" in the season (of course, he thought about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "Ant Bully", "Monster House," etc.) , I thought it was a bigger excitement. <br /> <br /> But every movie in the theater won me for several reasons. First of all, the writers capture "children's conversation" for any movie that I have ever seen. An excellent example of this is the boy's authority immediately eating a worm-stuck egg on an omelet. The majority of the boys make their impression on the main teacher, and that's why it's realistic that little children think (wrongly) their mocking expressions of adult tormentors. Then, a boy asks: "Why did he say," alley oop "? "Another boy replies:" Maybe it's crazy! "And the whole group laughed laughing. It's not a terrific reverse, but something like a young boy would instantly appear to be something like that and, specifically, other minor notes would be hilarious . If you want to confirm, my brother's boy laughed when they talked about the screen, even when I was in a similar situation, I heard his voice almost specific lines. <br /> <br /> Another reason for the movie is that writers are harassing, Relationships between siblings, the most recent they are working on, baby at school, and some similar pressures / consensus seem to seem like no infrastructure after school, for example, bully (Joe) is not stereotyped, it's definitely a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing, simply enough, his home life is clear enough that the viewer feels feeling and understands his harassment source. On the other hand, Billy ('Worm Boy') is aware of The younger brother is aware of the whole tool ('Worm Boy'); However, at the end of the film, small transformations have been made. It is here that some realisms are solved as the characters relate to each other's situation and their relationship, and very little is happening in the same way. <br /> <br /> The only drawback to the movie is: the amazing dance scene, the creators of the famous "Mac and Me" of McDonald's famous dance. Why was the movie put on? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) come out with Macaulay Culkin and did not take that role unless he instructed a vehicle to showcase his dance skills so stunning? The whole sequence definitely did not have to be there, and the value of the comedy was slightly more than any show in "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> In general, the movie was brilliant and long (about one). About an hour and a half) it was perfect. You will see one of the best and most real live children's films ever remembering whether your children are around you or a child.
