I have never seen this film. I was on the edge of the seat and I laughed constantly across the movie. I never thought that there was an awesome play, it was very fun. The movie story is decent, but the movie scene is not represented. I have never seen a stupid movie, and that's why I see it worth it. This film has been given 10 to 10 for being a pathway that has never been created, but this movie seems to have been created solely for the trash. I mean the scene is so false and the actors act like "in front of the camera". You'll get a shot on how to watch this movie, I and my friend could not stop joking during the movie, the guy who strives for the girl did not run away more than once and ran the second time he did not speak English, he even said! If you watch this movie, you will think that all the other films that you like are not better than that. This movie is a must see curiosity and also a type of movie with DEFINES. The wicked snake found the girl so much that she was ridiculous, the wicked snake wrinkled and roared and fled every time. The evil snake had so many options, as God would say more quickly and wonders how many wonders he would have to eat. Would you like to ask about the transition between scenes? So many silly holes scene and scene. When they laughed at dread, they decided to "flee to Mexico" to get rid of the snake. Hmmmm skipping the border will save you a snake in Korea? interesting ... very interesting ... I skip the limit to solve all the problems. Another scene really surprised me. They first met and they had a romantic scene that they kissed on the beach and they did not know each other ... The scene was so topical and there was no substance in other films. It seemed logical to me, but I mean BIZKARREKO, though it was a reincarnation, instead of being loved by one another. In any case, the film deserves to open your eyes and see the light. Incorrect Hollywood movies seem like heaven in comparison to these. In the end, every moment you deserve to be bored, you will be responsible for criticizing every scene.
