"Hollywood Hotel" has contacts with several films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies", for a competition for someone from Hollywood who has won a competition, such as finding the way to new stars. . Indeed, when I was watching tonight, in the Turner Classic Movies, the authors of "The Rain" classical music considered the idea of ​​"Hollywood Hotel". a leading female protagonist of a movie studio, and another person who sings a movie score while another person crumbled across the screen. "Hollywood Hotel" is an example for a wonderful movie. In the 1930s. Among the contributing players, Louella Parsons considers himself (and despite the negative comments I've seen, he has a great personality on the screen and has a natural command of his lines). It is not the only real person in the script. Perc Westmore makeup specialist immediately appears to detect one of the characters. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first roles of Ronald Reagan, when he played a radio interviewer. premiere of the film Reagan does it really well in its short scenes - especially when Dick Powell does not know when anyone should use the microphone with important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a competition and left his work as a saxophone for Benny Goodman. The beginning of this film, so to speak, is very impressive, because the bands are driving the truck parade to give Powell a greeting. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that we have intentionally left a lyric. Throughout Johnny Mercer, the Hollywood Max Factor is a reference, including makeup king, Rin Tin, and even a suggestion from Tarzan. But the original song sounds like Tyrone Power. Of course, Jack Warner and his brothers did not announce the 20th Century Fox man, and he replaced Donald Duck. In any case, they featured singers and instrumentalists from the Goodman orchestra. So later a five-minute section of the movie was heard, where the band is listening. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves his team and his friends (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, just like a recruited player. (surely for saxophone musicians). Allen Joslyn, the studio's publisher, (owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad thing, but she's busy and talk to people unless she's needed. Powell places herself in the room of the Hollywood hotel room. He also lives with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane looks like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", if the voice that speaks is not right. The "Dan Lockwood" version is "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, stealing the scene with ease for several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (if he's not in his ego state). When he was trying to overcome his normal task, he refuses to go to the premiere of his latest film. Joslyn finds a double (Lola's real sister Rosemary Lane) and Rosemary will hold the premiere and celebration party. She goes to Powell (she wants someone who does not know her true lolly Joshua). This puts Powell Mowbray and the latter makes a pest. But otherwise, the evening is a success, and both begin to find themselves as attractive. <br /> <br /> When Lola returns and Powell's face shakes, her complications have plagued Mowbray after complaining. Powell ("and his hoodlums team"). Powell's contract has been purchased. In collaboration with the photographer agent Ted Healey (not really bad in this film, Jolson is trying to make imitation at one point). They try two jobs to find work that ends up as a worker for burgers targeted by Edgar Kennedy. (Customers of broken and plucked in the restaurant provide a great deal of time for slow flavors). In the end, Powell gets a "break" to hear Dupre's voice in "Gone With The Wind". This brings the final episode of the film, giving Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey a chance to show Powell his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> The film is pretty nice and attractive now. The worst part is time. Some jokes about African-Americans are not sustainable (While Powell was trying to capture Hollywood, Healey makes unexpected shots of the concierge and is Joslyn referred to, powell writes too much?). Even with Curt Bois, Lola Lane as a fashion designer, who is (we say) too strung is not very tolerable either. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a bit (too much time), but he was very popular in 1937. And Healey reminds the public about a stir (which is one of the last films) that pushed the premiere. Tragic and still mysterious comic in December 1937. But most of the movies are pretty good and will not be empty by the audience in 2008.
