The film begins with a girl who has challenged the mind, with shining yellow shoes, looking at the sky in the corner of Madrid, and being bored by plane flying over the plane. The film analyzes the lives of five women, Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel. They have life and possibilities that are totally different to their shoes. Their shoes are superfluous, but they are still something similar, about their fragile identities. Embroidered and enhanced fashion in a theater, a podiatrist reveals the deepest secret of a woman's footsteps. The premise is dangerous and slightly invented, but the tone and depth of the film is well-suited. <br /> <br /> What may be of a clear and superficial heart, it changes quickly with a gleaming gear. After a few minutes without seeing the scene, love or absence of the couple that lets the viewer pay attention, pain, confusion, hope, needs and escape mechanisms develop in different rooms in a few minutes and down the street and finally below ... What a scene (!), But others will be, in fact, to continue and strengthen the strong characterization and leadership shown in this slice of this affect of life. <br /> <br /> The woman lost her loved one and inherited children and taxis, another lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, careful divorce? reproach, regret & remorse. A new love? Do you love the miracle? Do you love the mirror? Do you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you do not love? If you love and live, will you always have a little hope? However, is not exactly this expectation and dream of maintaining a base and relative happiness spectrum? Many deep-seated issues arise and the last event brings together people and ideas together to join an existential crisis, a clear solution, a definitive decision or effective cure. Perhaps a fleeting thought, an elusive sentiment, but a permanent knowledge of life and art and the mind. Live Live again Back the coil The most important thing is important; great stones of life They are just the rest of the details.
