I recently returned and saw the movie again without seeing the years. I watched the movie for the first time when I was young to understand what the movie was. As I have seen again, I have not been able to believe what I have missed these years. To watch the movies for me, I think it was a great movie. Most people feel the best part of music, but I do not think this is true. Most people do not realize how glad the story is according to the theater. Actually, no one in the movie was trying to really do it. He was the main protagonist. They wanted to be nobody else but themselves. <br /> <br /> I really saw and studied the work and effort of the movie. From my point of view, the situations that appear in the film are based on what happened at the time of music in Minneapolis, and the events that happened in the prince's career are truths and events that are better known than that. him It was recognized by the music of that time and was revolutionary. It was interesting that music was very influential in the "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" club; In fact, Prince, among other musicians, began his career. Also, it is well known that the Prince and Morris Day newspapers have always had a strong competition, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. Therefore, the story is considered part of this competitive competition, which shows the true competitiveness of what happened in the "First Avenue" club. <br /> <br /> Another reason for this movie is that it is good that some of the situations that occur in the movie are based on the events of the Prince through his music and personal life. For me, the movie became a realistic one in the emotion, because it tells of its constant and terrible conflicts. Besides, his dedication to his performances is unique. The prince assured that every moment in the movie was made perfectly. Whenever you hear a song in the movie, it is synchronized to the right situation. <br /> <br /> Prince music is in every genius and has often proved. This film officially put on the Prince's map and has not slowed down since then. Anyone who watched or watched this movie (incredible) has not seen yet, if you watch this movie and watch it you will see the mind or lose the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely the movie. Everyone says, the movie is great for me.
