The production of "Jane Eyre" in 1983 has been the star of Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you see any other version of Jane Eyre without reading this book, it's like watching ordinary movies you will forget next day. But seeing it is like reading the book. I saw a lot of ministry as being small, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time I did not take into account how much this television product was close to the book. Recently, I saw the version of Jane Eyre 1996 and I was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and it did not have a lot of important books in the book (for example, my favorite Gypsy scene). Later I fell in love with "Jane Eyre", because it also captures important scenes from the book and tells the whole story (other versions do not read the book). <br /> <br /> The 1983 album, Jane Eyre, is superb. It's true that Timothy Dalton is a beautiful actress (Butler's "Scarlet" and pretty enough to play Julius Caesar), but Rochester is so great that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clarke, undoubtedly, is the only Jane who follows the book's description. This movie is a garment and accessory for so many actors. Jane looks modest and naive, as described by Bront (but she looks like 18, although she really focuses on it?) <br /> <br /> Some say that "Jane Eyre" is long, but I prefer I'd like to see another version for 2 hours after my entire day. Some people say the film is dull and boring, because Jane is not busy enough or not "kissing." I hate Jane Eyre with some "Hollywood movie" making kisses inadequate. You do not have to enter the "crazy, madly in love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love very well, so other scenes are not necessary! I am 19 years old, and many of my older girls call the movie "boring and old." But I can not feel sorry for them because they do not have purity and beauty. In the end, the novel XIX. It was set in the century, and the old look is more attractive and similar to the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think that another version of Jane Ayre will be their reputation and love. Nowhere in the movies that Jane and Rochester play, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
