I recently saw this production on DVD. I first saw it, since it was originally published in 1983 and I remembered it as good as it was. He seems worried at the beginning, it would look like an old one and I think he's been dated a bit since he was very promising since the BBC sessions. (I missed the wonderful dramatic costume that seemed always on Sunday afternoon). But this is as perfect as it is. "Jane Eyre" is a bit of a cleaner, as a favorite book and I have never seen any other productive faithful to the book. I recently read the book again and some of the interviewers fail. Rochester reads the scene he asks about Jane, what St. John thought was what he was doing. When Dalton and Clarke played exactly their words and made them perfectly. <br /> <br /> All other productions that are made seem to be lacking in some way, some also exclude the relationship between the "river" family and Jane. Similarly, I think the scene of "Gypsy" is the only product that is well-made. The casting is perfect, like Zelah Clarke Jane, which is described in the book "Little Ordinary and Dark" and I disagree. It seemed old. Timothy Dalton can be very beautiful, but it's as perfect as Rochester, depicting all aspects of his character and performing his socks! I agree with another comment, although it is quite horrifying at that time when the scene returns to the church when the marriage is interrupted, its statement is terribly terrifying. But in another favorite scene, however, happiness is wonderful. Jane watched down the stairs and entered her arms in the morning, after proclaiming love with each other. An admirable and absolutely credible love. Be loved by such a man! However, a couple of scenes were missing, but when Jane was in bed, she was dying when Helen and Rochester made purchases for Jane for her wedding ceremony (I thought that it was there but maybe my memory is playing). . <br /> <br /> In the end, if you do not see another production of Jane Eyre - this is just a perfect perfection!
