* SPOILER ALERTA: I want to discuss issues without revealing specific plot sites, but I can not. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for a review of George C. Scott's film during the reviews and reviews for this release. While I decided to do so with many positive reviews: (a) I was cut off and accelerated, I thought George C. Scott considered the tortured (and physical) character of Rochester's book; and (b) While playing the DVD cover, I was thinking: "Is not Timothy Dalton a very good looking role?" I decided to read the last worry book again while the DVD was ready to return. That said, when I began to see this, I became fascinated. It was advisable to hear the written dialogue at the beginning of 1840 - although little or no modernization attempts - but Dalton and Clarke were so ardent; As a matter of fact, the adapters have been able to keep up the audience with an archaic discourse. . A large part of the book was created on the screen. I know someone who does not see any version of Jan Eyre, "Do you want to see a movie about a man who keeps a bad woman in the attic?" Indeed, if a man who had not read the book had met through an hour and a half or two hours, they believed that the story was almost everything, the Rochester secret and its influence. Fortunately, this version is about Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some have criticized the questionnaire. Dalton is very laborious; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue first, but I think it's "at this time" Rochester. Clarke's interpretation is for me. Jane Eyre is a guy, careful. If we remember the book, Jane's adult fondness and passion takes place much in her private struggles. Some criticism confused me. Reviewers Clarke is very short or not enough. The book continues in infinity as Jane is small and plain. Mrs. Clarke should not have been too old and the filmmakers had the slightest look, given the credibility of Jane's lack of beauty. It almost does not help if Dalton is tall. Some people say there is no chemistry root. What ?! Jane finally escapes her room after a happy marriage, with passion and longing for sadness and sadness, and this is the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some other critics. Helen Burns and Rivers' brothers also lost more scenes. Some interviews are very rare. Rochester said, "Jane, you misunderstand me. I do not hate it because I'm mad," I waited for the rest, as Rochester says, when he said he was mad at Jane, he would still love and take care of him. The book is a powerful moment and I want to be involved. I think it was a mistake to bring the scene with Rochester in a story with Jane's own story. It might be due to clarity, but it seemed to me to be disgusting. I'd like to see the scene that Jane Rochester's fragrance will cool down, but he'd like it again. Dalton's show is so good that it's a strange episode, when Rochester cries down in the library, I saw him as a crying scene, not as Rochester. In the case of sets, if somebody has captured the show "Shadows Dark" in the 1960s, we know what to expect: interior looks very sharp and sometimes overwhelmed. Others have reportedly commented on Rochester sports make-up. Yikes! It's bad The conclusion is very hard. After all this severity and despair, I wanted to finish more. And with the copy of the DVD, there are many more credits at the beginning and the end of every 25 and 30 minute episodes. That said, I'm glad I have this movie and I'll see it again and again.
