There are many adaptations to the classic novel by Charlotte Brontë, "Jane Eyre", and considering a lot of reviews about them, the best part is the lively debate. Short-film adaptations all suffer from the fact that the entire plot of the novel is not possible to enter a 100-min movie. Length, therefore, these films only show some parts of the novel. The TV series has been a better format for rendering different episodes of heroic life. <br /> <br /> There are three series of TV series, '73, 83 and 2006. It's not the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre's adaptations and striking example of a completely revoked movie. The beautiful lines of the novel represent the most voluptuous and insignificant, and the decisive scenes are eliminated or replaced by a scene that is unrelated to the novel. Therefore, portrayed characters play a role as Rochester and Jane's novel, as they are described in the book, but their behavior and language are not consistent at all. the behavior of the established period of the novel. Telesail is a stupid one. In it, the actress plays and acts as a costume in the 1850s. "Jane Eyre" (that is to say, herself) is in front of Charlotte Brontën. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is a very loyal novel because Rochester has long conversations. and Jane are almost extinct. But the beautifully functioning novel does not work on screen. Sometimes the language of the novel adds a very complex and confusing message to the speaker on the screen, and the ongoing interruptions of conversations add Jane's voices, artificial voices, an impression of artificiality and noise. Despite the loyalty to the novel, the essence of the scene is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's wife, Jane's bold, self-confident, and a world-wise woman, does not fit into a completely literary model, and Michael Jayston, who is a good actress, simply does not play physical presence or need to play charisma. Rochester. Although it is a decent fit, it fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never fascinates the viewer. <br /> <br /> All errors in the '73 version are addressed in the mini series series '83'. Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although purely from Timothy Dalton's point of view, she is tall, innocent in order to be a key player in Rochester, with a tremendous physical presence, great magnetism, and self-guarantee and authority. And despite its undeniable, it seems compelling and demanding to play the dark master of Thornfield. But the excellence of his performance makes every aspect of Rochester's character. All the actors that play Rochester is what captures everything: Rochester's closeness, almost shamelessness, its constitution and violence, as well as his humorous aspect, his tenderness, vigilance and strict and deep love. Dalton's brilliant handling of Charlotte Brontë languages. Although Rochester's most difficult and complex thoughts are absolutely true and natural when delivered by Dalton. It's definitely Rochester, essential and perfect, and after seeing that role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester will play in another way or any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke gives her a great deal. The role of playing better than Rochester. He portrays the Jane of the novel, a shy young woman, respected and cared for by Jane, but with a deep sense of sentiment and a strong will. He captures the beauty of the party of Jane's character: on the one hand, humility and respect, and on the other the fires and passions, his infirmity, his faultlessness, and his right and wrong senselessness. She and Dalton have a wonderful chemistry and, together, the scenes are a mere pleasure. <br /> <br /> With regard to the fidelity of the literary model, this version also mentions the version as a '73 version, but with an important difference: Conversations are reduced in this version, but the characteristics of the protagonists and the development of the plot are not essential. That's why the screenwriter avoided artificial speech, keeping the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë's language altogether. And compared to the previous version of the BBC, the essence of each scene was perfectly captured. <br /> <br /> The graphic of the novel continues to grow more accurately than '73 series. The scene is almost a scene of the novel, where both time and attention are given to each of the sections of Jane. The only adaptation of Jane Eyre is that it has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that is the most sad and sadest scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the abortion. Timothy Dalton plays this scene with great skills. The seriousness of Rochester's pain is almost painful, when he decides to think Jane, who tries to make his stay and his final disappointment. The evil scene is almost destructive and, for a long time, it will remain with the viewer. <br /> <br /> With the addition of fully-trained small roles, the perfect script and the ideal of the two major actors is final. Actually, "Jane Eyre" is true.
