Sharing this episode is very little. It's also a reducer to say that they have maintained the great work of the premiere of the season, so far, there is not a great episode of Sopranos so far. Indeed, the title may be a perfect invitation for those who are still not real fans: join the club ... <br /> <br /> Junior left wherever he had thrown (one person who spoiled his nephew's fats) for a young man who died during the first season ), the story Tony begins very well. Without remembering what happened to him, he goes to some agreements. He does not speak with his usual accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his paper: apparently Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least people thinks up and sorts their mess. He can not leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Of course, Sopranos is a purely dream-like dream: Tony is really in the habit, the doctors questioned his fate, his family and his friends were ill, and he thought that Junior did not think everything happened yours. Unfortunately, Anthony Jr seems to be willing to change the essence of his father's life. <br /> <br /> Dreams have often appeared in the series, often as a spiritual judgment for the protagonists (especially). fifth test of the season). Entering the club, however, takes on the metaphysical features of the program, informing the use of a poem by William S. Burroughs in the previous episode and encourages it in the most envelope: seeing Tony's dead friends (first occurrence). This type of food poisoning has been caused four times ago) is a thing that is completely different from what appears in purgatory. The "heavenly" part of the story is full of allegorical meanings, as Tony's name (as in the case of a character, the spelling will be given the word "infinite") and nothing comes out. As fascinated or disturbed as David Chase has created an intellectual work for the sake of himself for the use of extravagant jewelry. It helps the narrative. In the case of Tony Soprano, however, it might be possible to speak of "high-level support".
