In this attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gómez Pereira made this film: 'We create things that deserve life. "It is not an original discovery, the voices of many of you (quite far away, by the way), but in Spanish cinema it comes out normally, the film components are misunderstood, and some points are not well developed, others have no place. In one of the lives of two middle-aged people in the lives of Gómez Pereira (Jorge (Eduard Fernandez)), it's a deadly (paradox) movie that, despite having a great play on your back, seems to be changing things and only explains its commitment to age. which may be one of its existence. 2004), Jorge tells them the following things: "If I find a coin that is lucky to go before the corner. "Of course, he finds himself playing," It can be great today "Joan Hortelana (Ana Belén), on crossroads of Joan Manuel Serrat, is another entry for women, divorced and a bit lonely. Take Valeriana to celebrate a birthday party He claims that God's belief and a murderous mum is a woman. Hortensia is a woman with a great deal of contradictory behavior, and she says that "70 percent of all people fall in love only in their entire life," and said Jorge, even though he is not unemployed, and not The first option: later became the lord, a wedding at a luxury banquet, a car's back and other similar experiences that experienced players, but they make the audience very cumbersome. Things that deserve life. The debate between us is two adult drama is that of other people with no relationship and their close relationship Oaks and, conversely, people who take the case as a comedy, like a Chinese, in a marriage (that is, what seems to us funny) or in love. a drunken person. The problem does not allow us to connect with the players; Therefore, we can not identify dramatically, and we do not even give a solid comedian base, leaving nothing but a joke. In the end, all are confused as the viewer no longer knows whether weeping or weeping, and which does not end up. And the truth is that something is not seen a thousand times, not the type of film we find what we put in the corner, but it is not enough to make it different or special. Ana Belén (less than 53 years old in this movie) and Eduard Fernandez are two great actors, but this time it's enough or convenient to be a bit relaxing in scenes. As the film is prevalent, so moments like "accidents" seem to slip into the bar with children. Perhaps the change to be made is very dramatic, but this is not an excuse to lower our guard. In any case, the two interpreter functions have been built considerably. 'Things that are worth living' goes to the level of entertainment. Any claim beyond that point is not met, as a romantic or dramatic comedy, we believe, as they did, they can not have such a successful little moment (inadequate) to speak as if in one of these characters and laugh, drunk, for some comma About a boy. It's not much for people like Rosario Pardo, because the typical friend of the film who has made the biggest contribution to the film is "to be tight" and the soundtrack singles are not only meaningful. It's true that Manuel Gomez Pereira's films are a bit of a stroke, but it's a story in general, with a good idea and a better result.
