"Flavia, the monk muslmana" aka. In 1974, "Flavia the Heretic" is an alarming and pernicious Italian exploitation film that partially follows the feminist's premise (although most of the feminist sleaze and savagery are tired). Mostly established in the convent, and the main protagonist of a wet (superb performance of Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" can be called "Nunsploitation" as a movie. However, this film is quite different from the usual Nunsploitation films of the time, since there is no such thing as working, such as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishment, etc. Personally, I watched more resemblances with the films of Hexploitation, such as "Mark of the Devil", (although this is not a matter of witchcraft), in the Middle Ages and early modern times it focused on brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: after his despotic father cut off his wounded Muslim soldier, Flavia wants to become a niece in a convent. After a few years after a tortured death of a tortured torture, a woman condemned to a father becomes a hatred against the despotic church, and a group of murderers from the Arabs ... <br /> <br /> One thing surely, "Flavia Heretic" is not for the low-hearted, and not even for those who want to be happy. Without a doubt, the director Gianfranco Mingozzi wanted his film as realistic and worrying as possible. Many torture and run scenes are very disturbing, with skinnings, spikings and other dramatic scenes in detail, the most milestone in the scene is likely to be the beginning of the film's early torture. Here, however, violence is not useless. After all, this idiotic way was true when the movie enters. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, elegant cinematography and excellent score by Nicola Piovani. Beautiful and wonderful beautiful Florinda Bolkan has proven talent in many of the worship of Italian worship (in 1972, "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" was the "Lucio Fulci Giallo-masterpiece") Here is another great and charismatic performance here and I can not Imagine another actor, the film has little inconsistencies (why the rigid church has first left the worshipers of the worshipers in the convent). However, this realistic movie is amazing. "Flavia the Heretic" would not hesitate to mention my Italian Exploration Film Watching fans - This is a huge exploitation film in general, although it is certainly deeply depressive, which is why it is necessary to observe it in the right mood, it is highly recommended to use it for lovers of disturbing cinema. 7.5 / 10
