I thought this movie was more about human sexuality, intentionally or not. We also show that absurd and paradoxical women are not allowed to be a nationally important event, and at the same time they forget the past in our "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, women 60 years ago only got the right to vote and they are a new female technical engineer. Barmans in England were temporary; the business world was completely limited to American women until recently, and Chinese women tied their feet so that their feet could not be sufficiently consolidated. Iran will go through this moment at the right time, and we get a good look at how ridiculous everyone is at the same time. In the field of sexuality, we are asking about women who disable a football game (official reasons are bad men). Especially the young girls, so many a couple, lesbianism agenda as well as feeling. I think it's a point that all women are not equal, and trying to "protect" women from the police will not be trying to get in the first place. The initial stage of the approach of the stadium appreciates the creativity of young women - and each one separately - It's a world of savage men. Any woman trying to give it would be allowed! The world of sexuality is not everything that suits everything. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, the girls of criminal detainees relate to their inner links, who knows where they are and in a much more subtle way. , start joining the guardianship guardians. There were specific ideas about women and femininity, that is, they were thinking. The attitude change is glacial, but visible. <br /> <br /> The movie is like Iran for the first time, the alien is relaxing a bit, but the characters have a unique way of loving themselves in a fun way. for you, and at last you get the whole picture and also to understand and stop misunderstood men. Unexpected abuse Ayatollah's patriarchy is invisible, secretly and unnamed, and probably not remembered. <br /> <br /> This film is awe-inspiring for all those who have been shot in the real event of Iran-Bahrain.
