In Iran, women are not allowed to go to men's sports events, apparently, to protect themselves from male malignant and malignant languages ​​(so men can not slow down or play, women are forced). suffer. Go to image.). "Outsider" tells the story of a dozen and a half young women dressed as men, when they try to enter Iran and Bahrain's high-stakes match, in 2005, Iran was qualified to go to the World Cup. Much of this game has been filmed. <br /> <br /> "Life outside" is a slicing comedy that reminds you of all the humanistic comic movies ("The Great Street Store," "I Believe In The Mid-1960s, Ruby appeared inside the" Rain Miraria "Communist Czechoslovakia. Observed Trains ", etc. Many of these works take care of the" Offside "lifestyle, rather than designing a fictional narrative, which is the naturalness of the simplicity of the configuration and the way in which the film is so effective. <br /> <br /> My romance When they find themselves, girls will enter into a small pen when they are located outside the stadium, they are listening to the jokes that come out inside, they can do everything they can to keep their security guards involved, especially compassionate guards, the boys in their compulsory military service obligation. Most of the men who enter are not particularly troubled by women ien supposedly thought However, it continues to ban. However, how can you not be surprised at the true courage and fall of these women against a system that continues to reduce regressive and archaic restraint? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to leave behind a cause or "point". Football fans are just obsessed with watching football and just like everyone in the country. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say how many script writing and what it is. how long it is, but in both cases, the actors, with their expressive faces, make an excellent job every moment seems to be totally real and persuasive. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh are prominent pieces to highlight in Iran. The movie structure is very loose and free, the writer and director Jafar Panahi and the co-operative writer Shadmehr Rastin focus on one or two of the protagonists, and then move on to others. We are witnessing a real event that is happening in real time with this type of document. Often it's easy to forget that watching a movie is pretty easy. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers have been very passionate in the film to have so much humor. The Czech filmmaker also did this), it is better to explain the stupidity of this situation and the image of the film aimed at both home and foreigners. The "outcast", of course, is a commitment to justice, but the story is more effective in denying the tragedy of heavy breathing. Instead, he realizes that there is nothing wrong with social barriers that breaks the sense of humor and the usual appeal of humanity to the audience. And is it not supposed to be true art? "Offside" in a quiet and understandable way, is a gem that is valued in 2007.
