Panahi, whose circles and films like The Crimson Gold seemed to be cramped from dour, has produced, in his Offside, a fun, cozy, and enjoyable piece of collaboration. However, the film deals with the challenge and important material, in any other way it does. A game about a football team that has been captured in the Bahrain-Iran Tehran Cup in the world Cup, Panahi creates a national spirit and independence and creates contradictory issues? and absurdity ?? in the world of modern apartheid competition in the religious genre of the regime, most of the young population and an urban girl who increasingly thinks of themselves. Father was looking for a lost daughter. This has a costume and has a national color warpaint, but we are going to know what will happen: it's still easy to see. The thing is that most of the people around the area do not really care about it. However, the rules are rules, and when trying to get into the big stadium, check out the football girls, or some of them, are rounded up on a small top-level compound. Especially young youth, green and rural soldiers do not know how to deal with independent ideas for girls of these big cities and prefer to watch the game? whose roar in the background we constantly hear? they. Is every girl different? It sets different sets of reasons for breaking the rules and different ways. He wore a uniform of a soldier and went into the officer's section. It is a tough and masculine, faint, and provocative person (she could beat a pretty boy, and teasingly touching it: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would I want?"). He did not care much about the footballer, but he paid homage to a dead friend. Is Bat (Aida Sadeghi) a passionate footballer? and so on. The girls in the drums are attentive and intelligent, and they go through their delicious rural ruler (Safar Samandar). A rural policeman (Mohamad Kheirabadi) carries the male soccer player to the bathroom (obviously not a woman) and wears a poster of an Italian Italian star as a mask. The comedy and chaos of mistakes continue when the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Then, a vans-shaped van comes with an officer who runs the police. To bring the girls to the council? Breaking the rules of sexual separation is reversed. Is a man confused? A child who is guilty of chronic fireworks for children. The van is not so rigid: the radio antenna is broken. But the police keep it in one place to listen to a heart-stopping report. Police and prisoners are now in ordinary excitement. At no point, the game goes to penalties, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, all this is a real game, a real stadium, and the result of this event about mad males about real men. The excitement is horrible, the streets are mixed with cars and flags, and they meet with enthusiasm and enthusiasm for the victory of the Iranian victory. <br /> <br /> What makes the movie so good, because it's clear now that the actual night of the game has been shot in the afternoon that everything turns everything around. Unlike the whole series of narrative recitals of Panahi's previous calculations, it is spiritual to make films, rhythm-recovering, with an amazing reality of events and passionate excitement. Is Offside the essence is the difference between the modern-world world's soccer madness and the suppression of women from retro-Islamic societies? The latter is in the time when young Iranians participate in the global world that participates in the sport as a participant in the national team spirit. What is a thorough reconciliation with the ambition to become a world-class modern world with modern social attitudes? Offsets are really real, including everyone's trying mode. The decision is made by the young actress of directors to engage in mega-events, a documentary, controversial and fictional mix that is extremely effective, it seems to be a very powerful bone, which is superb and exciting. . <br /> <br /> I had reservations before Panahi's films, but this one is thrown out. Panahi makes something remarkable here. Critics of his society, he presents an unusual drama and our hearts touch upon the wishes of a nation.
