I watched this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. When it was shot in the 2006 World Cup qualifier, Offside works comedy and tragedy. The film follows a group of young women trying to enter Tehran's Azadi Stadium football game. The Islamic religious leaders of the country have decided that women do not sit with men in sports events so they can not face corruption and other morally uncertain behaviors. This has not stopped young fans of the country, who continue to use different tricks. But they are attached to a small group caught up in the Panahi group and are approaching this. Bored soldiers will ask them to take care of the soldiers, or at least to stop watching the game. The soldiers said they should not try to watch the match at home on television. Going forward and going forward lies while continuing the game, just before the camera. <br /> <br /> A young soldier is a very entertaining sequence that goes to a bathroom with a girl. As there is no communication for women in the stadiums, it is necessary to clean the room of any man before it is allowed to enter. In addition, it is due to cover the face, since nobody can see it as a woman. This is being used as a cartel mask of the Iranian Cross Daisies masked by the eyes. <br /> <br /> It is really sensible that they are astonished at the prohibition of the soldiers and they are only being carried out. to end their military mandatory military service. A soldier complained that he was supposed to be rented in the country of cattle for his family. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk together, and on both sides there are many small reflections of events that prove to be good people living in horrifying circumstances. However, the soldier constantly remem- bers that the "boss" gives him a sense of threat in his path, because we do not know what a woman is going to face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films. For those who are known for strong vision, Offside is filmed in artificial style, without any artificial artifice. Actually, on June 5, 2005, the movie was filmed in Bahrain. "Grounded" in many ways determined the results for the field. If Iran had won the match, they would qualify. If they did lose, they did not want to. Since the World Cup came and gone, I do not think it's a spoiler that Iran has won the match. At the end of the film, the scenes of celebrations were genuine and spontaneous, giving the film a real authenticity. He saw how much he saw this to the people of Iran. <br /> <br /> A young woman at the end of the film will also refer to the seven lovers who died in Iranian-Japanese games. March 25, a few weeks before. They rushed to death after the police began to wet the crowd in a certain direction. When this was known as a true tragedy, it added to him another poignancy level for celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to go to a long political tangent, but this film gave me hope. Those who are expecting and working on the changes in Iran. Iran is a nation of young people, and it is only time to be able to take the place of their elders before taking politics. Films like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite the current difficulties, and my sincere hope will be a brighter future for them.
