Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alank also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). Also, his parents may be in the big apartment in New York. But somehow he says that his life is empty. In a normal day in the city, he sees Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler) old fellow student at the university. Alan has not seen Charlie for years. Alan again wants to meet Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely and confused man, who conceals his true feelings. Charlie unexpectedly loses his family in an airplane crash, they were on one of September 11, 2001 aircraft. Alan was very comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things in his past, Charlie becomes angry at where Alan refers to his or her family. Now, she tries to help Alank Charlie and her life will make her a little easier. But Alank Charlie hopes to talk about his true feelings. It's harder than you expect. sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers spectacular dramatic performances, Sandler offers a more dramatic role in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is just as usual. Pinkett Smith is well aware that Alan's wife is supportive, Liv Tyler is good as a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows, Alank is horrible. This movie was horrible at the box office, although it was a good review. The directors are at the forefront; Writing and director are wonderful and Russ T. Alsobrook's great-screen cinematic screen. The film has excellent NYC locations that make the movie a beautiful city in New York to see it in the picture. The environment. DVD with Sandy & Cheadle, featurette, photo editing and preview. I expected more features of the DVD as the audio commentator of the director and the deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is undoubtedly one of the best films released this year. I'm sure this movie looks great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I have not had the chance to see it in a theater. The DVD is also a type of movie that works well. The movie also has a good soundtrack and has familiar faces to support roles and bit parts. Although the director also participates in Byran Sugarman, as himself, as an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most outstanding photos of this year. "The Wedding Singer" is the best movie given by Sandler. Do not miss HD wide screen. (**** **** outside 2).
