Most people who go to this movie will have an idea of ​​what it is; A man loses his whole family and even a dog in Boston flight on the morning flight of September 11, 2001. You probably do not know before seeing this movie: how would this be felt; What do you do with it? And how would you and your relationship affect your every day? The story slowly slows through the door and then gets hot, as it gets a bit faster, while the relationship between the Alan Johnson dentist (Don Cheadle) and the former Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) university recently renewed. to adapt The characters that are presented in this film initially seem to necessarily and do not develop, but, in fact, follow this story, and you will find that each character's simplicity is proven to be compelling. Real people are a real situation, they can do little, but ignore one of them. Charlie's first pain in the soul is clearly revealed and Sandler will learn more about his character, like the layers of an onion? a layer combined with agility and weight simultaneously. The performance is so subtle, it makes you stand up and gets into your head while you're on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is equally subtle and very Cheadle. We always look at the ease with which it appears when talking with obvious skills on the screen of Cheadle. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is a delicate text, as required by the situation. Fineman does not want friendship, or anybody who comes into being, and yet, Alan's friendly quality is simple and honest to create something like Charlie. Alan is Charlie's role to open a sealed stop for life. The process is dangerous. The larger that Alank Charlie will offer to open it, Angela Oakhurst's friend and psychologist's services (Liv Tyler), closer to the edge of Charlie's edge. Charlie is a cliff, at every moment of awakening and learned how to navigate through denial. He denies everything that already exists in his gallery. Unfortunately, he can not deny his pain. Sandler withdraws so much pain in his story, when he knows that he is demonically aware of the demons, because the audience shares his pain almost equally. Alan is standing next to Charlie during this detailed process, the risk of making his home life perfect, thanks to the grace given by Janeane and his admirable efficacy. (Already Pinkett Smith) While Charlie was recovering, Alan's inner looks and his silent voice once recognized the boyhood of independence that was owned and the man who became the man. Charlie helps us reconnect to what we've missed. The matter is like Fisher King; Another story of isolation from madness and loss of madness. In Fisher King, the traditional story ends, everyone is capable of being someone. Reign Over Me's Lidia Sinclair (Fabulous Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows), a woman with a breakdown and a depressing Johnson patient. Charlie's insane madness. The end of the story is good, but it is probably the only element that will call less. Then again, maybe it's really someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
