I really did not know what to say about "Reign Over Me" in front of the director or the story. The land was easy to understand, I suppose. The whole family of the boy died 9/11 and the world was closing his life. Bullet I did not know how to use an attachment to terrorism as a platform to talk about other issues related to it, and it is not really clear at all, so fearing that you are surrounded by political opinions can be different from you, I would not worry. I do not even mention the mention of "September 11th". <br /> <br /> In general, I was surprised. It was a very moving image. The movie is humorous and very demanding, but it's definitely a drama. I do not usually like to think that comedy actors are not able to act really, but sometimes they have to be honest. Adam Sandler is definitely capable (and I think, though, maybe he does not agree, Jim Carrey is very well-rounded ... sometimes). Sandler's portrait of Charlie Fineman took on a character that seems to be totally unrealistic and absolutely compelling. I have read many reviews of Alan Johnson's writings (Don Cheadle's other great role, but it's not like some of his latest images), what Jada Pinkett Smith has done well, what he calls static and dull. , but this is totally untrue. <br /> <br /> It has a depth, but some of them are hiding behind the main story, which occasionally focuses on. (This also reminds the bizarre transition from the beginning to the film, which makes "everything that focuses on everything" is unknown. After the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used. Maybe it's a great budget character, artistically or perhaps as annoying as it was.) The film begins to slowly begin the story that explains the story (many, but definitely the most explicit), that is, sometimes people must face pain. one's way Maybe it's strange to us, and maybe it's not healthy, but maybe it's just a matter of forgetting what people want. Just exist He was a great movie soundtrack and used music to continue and expand his moods, instead of establishing them with credits and credits to actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The movie is called "Love, song". Reign O'er Me, "The Who's rock opera, Quadrophenia. The story of the song itself is not quite significant, but it is very much used in the film, and at the end of the film, the film works well and it does not last for more than 2 hours in fewer and fewer ways, dragging anywhere Adam Sandler can accept the portrait of a broken and broken man, you will enjoy the movie, you will be in the story and feel the characters of each minute, not the best movie of the year, nothing innovative or positively surprising, but it is a very nice and spectacular film.
