On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; But 2,819 lives in a particularly daunting way. Extremist extremists were destroying the building, but more importantly, people were victims of an abduction of the aircraft. This film will explore four people deeply, because life was damaged because of this annoying event and a man who had broken his life when he lost his life. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (who played Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, loses his wife and three children on the road on the 11th of September to Los Angeles. Eventually emotional decommissioning touches everyone who remembers his first life. His laws and his best friend (Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender, respectively). He totally denies and makes an effort about his life. This is followed by Alan Johnson (who plays Don Cheadle) that Fineman does not remember. Both start catching, but Fineman believes that Johnson had sent his first life to find help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman regains confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's wrong life goes. It is a dentist that helps you start a dental practice. One day, a patient named Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows) was trying to attack the patient, saying that he wanted oral sex for himself. Dr. Johnson is a surprise to a man who is married to both children. As he returns home from work from a certain day of work, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to avoid it. It's not a success, but he gets another chance and Fineman gets the coffee out, which means that Fineman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is the use of music. Fineman's physiological macro is music, especially Springsteen and other rock artists. When Fineman is asked about talking about his or her past or unpleasant things, he puts headsets and stops things with his music to the world. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, I was thinking about myself: how could I face the loss of my family? How would I do it with such tragic events. We do not often think of something. We always think that they will be there and we often agree on whether or not we want to. Later on we realize how important they are. and such a blow may be physically, emotionally, and physiologically destroyed by someone. I really do not know how to deal with something like that. Would I face the problem, will I face and move on with my life, or would I put my headphones to block the world?
