Again and again, it seems as if I was an amazing Hollywood comedy actor with his talents as a dramatic performer: first, Robin Williams was {One Hour Photo (2002) '}, then Jim Carrey {' Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004), then Will Ferrell {'Stranger than Fiction (2006)'} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, this is the reason why the entire career has been carried out during a full-length comedy. I've always been a fan of it) Let's finally give her a performance that is proud. Of course, some readers would like to know something that happened with the Punch-Drunk Love (2002), but I can assure you that it's a movie I am taking in as soon as possible, because I have heard it. terrific The first film by Mike Binder, "Reign Over Me", is intelligent and respectful exploration of pain and friendship. Although sometimes they become very well-known territories, the predictable story proves surprising and moving, with memorable performances with Sandler and Don Cheadle. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist. With a good family member, though he does not have to communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), his marriage will be shaking. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is a former fellow student at Alan, who lost his entire family in terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 and who is still suffering from pain. With bad hair and ugly eyes (often looks like Bob Dylan), Charlie has left his odontology and passes only time: he listens to a listening to all the sounds of the outside world. Manhattan around his motor scooter, immersed in fantastic video games and re-enacted the kitchen in his apartment, according to the latest wishes of his wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in the years, the latter does not recognize an old friend, if he's totally slowed down his life, let him not forget everything. In fact, at the beginning he does not recognize the family's existence, and he loses violence, when he suggests that he seek advice. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, the filmmakers could have been a few exploiters. as a storytelling device from Sept. 11 attacks. Then would not it be so destructive if Charlie's family died in a normal and ordinary car accident? However, if the director intends to prove that the ordinary citizen proves to be a terrible pain caused by the tragedy, then "Reign Over Me" works very well. It's easy to get caught up in stupid statistics, thus excluding the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; That is to say, I saw the first work of the first 9/11 film, about the sufferings that were not really involved, when he lost all those who loved his sadness. Adam Sandler shows a surprising array in a difficult task, if it would not be part of that task. Immediately, adhering to joy, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man who likes mankind, thanks to an elderly friend, we can see the pure light at the end of the dark tunnel.
