It might be spoiler! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), when he lost his family in a tragedy (terrorist attacks on September 11), still dies. Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) encounters college-class classmates and revives both friendship. Alank's terrible friend is going to get lost. This is a simplification of the Basic Story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> This is the story of a conflict that arises in our lives, we can do something we can not do for ourselves. Alan is stuck in a life that does not know. He has no connection with his or her own reality. She can not work with her and her partners to communicate. He can not express his feelings and, as a result, he feels far and far away from his world. Charlie drives his career in the streets of Manhattan. He finally knows and discovers Charlie, (Alan does not remember everything), he lives in a false reality. Charlie returned to his life when he was not a family member. He is still a student of a rock group still playing, including 60's and 70's of vinyl records and playing video games. He fled to a better and safer time of his life, if not bad guys and much less. In this movie, all of Charlie's somewhat damned tragedy and his pardon are in an old and better place (?). Its owner is its sponsor and great potential. His laws are deprived of his life, to bring his family once again to the reality derived from his life. And Alank is most affected by what Alank wants (if he wants to escape from his reality at first) to get himself out of a runaway reality and then seek a way to help Charlie recover his self-induced denial and loss. Through this relationship, Charlie is not only starting to heal himself, but Alank, in fact, communicates and analyzes the true desires he is working with his peers, and in the end does not accept his wife. He was able to tell him his true feelings but he loves him so much. Actually, the movie is a touching moment when things get worse and Charlie faces up against it, Alank and Alank talk about "Chinese people" as Charlie says. Alan and he's not worried about it. <br /> <br /> This movie will take you to the emotion of the river and let you think. You laugh at how Charlie uses his words, like people really do in everyday life, to make a true statement about the real situation. He will leave you on the edge of the tears (my tears really), when Charlie hurts his face and when he begins with his terrible loss. And the truth is that the tragic reality has never really left its fault and loss and it worked as it did: denial. A young prosecuter will curse cold and painful actions that are trying to get his "case" (as I did in Charlie's hearing!) And the judge, the guy and the sharp, sharp judge will make you smile. , (Donald Sutherland, whose role is different, and the best performance of a wise and legal legal person, since Wilford Brimley played a Major Officer, Malice of Absence). <br /> <br /> This was also amazing for other reasons: (1) I never saw my watch in the movie show anymore. This means that from the beginning to the end, (2) Although cast is interracial, this event was not important to play the roles of the characters in the movie. Race was not an important factor in this film. Amazing people can really interact as it comes out of the truth! And (3) As of 9/11, Charlie's finance lawyer mentions the tragedy of Charlie's loss of Charlie's "what Charlie turned into 9/12". It's time to see how this movie is about to be a true test in the future, but it's not just the purpose of a movie but to think about it and keep the movie with you for a long time after leaving the theater, Reign Over Me. For me I got a successful phenomenon. I still do not forget about this wonderful thinking of thought, and I look forward to the DVD that I can buy.
