Reign Over Me is a success thanks to Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle's powerful work. The comedian's dramatic actor has been seen as a distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more roles. Most of the portraiture characters have an unstable temperature and a weakness that can explode at all times. However, it is possible that you write such hidden anger problems with people. However, this performance has a very significant weight, unlike the lesser comedies like Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> Charlie meets Charlie's old classmate, Alan Johnson (Cheadle). Finerman (Sandler) has not seen for some years. Five years earlier, Charlie lost his wife and three daughters in an airplane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Cheadle's character as a result of the repression of his memories as a result of the accident as a lonely life of childhood. Alank himself does not remember that he remembers someone who remembers it. Following renewed relationship will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not speak of his loss. In the end, he will be able to face his thoughts and feelings on his own criteria. <br /> <br /> Although it's a writer's director. Mike Binder does not show the sense of personal style, and his plans and transitions are modest; It's a great and fun talent to get a great show of great actors. This film was shot with a digital camera, as filmmakers are doing more and more nowadays, because the crew shoots night-time scenes with limited lighting. This led to the emergence of colorful New York City origins, but it often led to the creation of digital issues, scattered on the screen and resembling the blue landscapes that move. <br /> <br /> Almost all the main characters of Reign Over Me give their giant performance. They remember Jada-Pinkett Smith and, above all, Liv Tyler, Cheadle's character and frustrated wife as a psychiatrist. However, Sandler and Cheadle are one of the best works until now. This movie is totally owned. Sandler plays a character that does not seem like a real-life character or herself, a partial part of the Bob Dylan-esquire movie. Though Cheadle's character is more of a screen than Sandler, both should be considered as the main roles and support and support throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> Music is also very important in this film. especially the song called The Who called "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" and then covered in Pearl Jam. In one of the most important moments of the film, Binder uses Sandler to stop her feelings and memories, but this special song causes a lot of emotion, because it reduces anger, encourages emotions. In all, Reign Over Me is a fun, sad and often funny movie, with its amazing stunning characters.
