Love is painful. That, I think, is Mike Binder's top message that reports on the new Reign Over Me. This love has caused the relationship or the years that led to the annoyance of what you deceived, or has broken your heart so that you can not open yourself to the world, it does not end up lovingly. However, the great thing about this movie is not a portrayal of lost souls trying to get out of the hearts of the past, but to restart future bonds. In this drama no one is perfect; somehow they can not get caught up in emotionally trapped relationships. The subject is heavy here and Binder authorizes the story to become a political diatribe, but it will bring serious moments to some true comedic stories that allow you to keep the bits of characters based on a small scale. the event that takes place. The way to think of all ages 9-11 could become somewhat more than a story of two men, and the reciprocal connection is the only thing to save their life from depression and repentance. br /> <br /> Professional career led by Adam Sandler. In my opinion, Paul Thomas Anderson, my favorite director, was to see childhood and guilt first in the stupid comedy, in a striking way. The youth of a character like Billy Madison gives up laughter and humor, but a repressed man, too, is a shameless and kind looking man, a man with innocent innocence, a trusted man who needs an embarrassing event. from its shell Anderson let Sandler leave one more step in the Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder masterpiece. Sandler has a former dentist, Charlie Fineman, who has been killed by his wife and three children by the World Trade Center in an aircraft that took place on 9-11. At that moment, however, he had broken his life and, as a result, he became lonely and did not remember how he remembered what happened there. It is a portrait of a man who really maintains a head that shows himself about himself, those around him, those who love him, what is happening, and what is the future of reality. Always referring to the edge and willingness to turn on the memory of his lost family, he goes through his life with his iPod and headphones to keep him from remembering everything. <br /> <br /> The inheritance, not about Charlie Fineman, is about Alan Johnson's dentist and relatives. When a man who has been caught in a marriage and dental practice in one monotony, Johnson needs much more help from former Charlie college classmates in his life. When Don Cheadle was always fascinated, Johnson lost his spine to try to change his life. She does not have a friend and when she visits Charlie, in one case, one day her life becomes something that she has not felt in 15 years. He has the opportunity to go with an old friend, as he has changed according to the family's death. Cheadle's characters returned to college days and did not care about Sandler, who had just happened to meet her. Both men achieve what they want to achieve and they allow themselves to approach their loneliness during their entire life. When they begin to open, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy is tested by itself, and <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Help is amazing to keep the shape up. two leads. Already, Pinkett Smith has never surprised me as an actor and the nails around the movie were a very hard wife, but the final scene on my phone with Cheadle showed me a really different and true reality. Liv Tyler is a bit like a psychiatrist, but the movie calls this event and makes the perfect and perfect casting. Many small cameras are also effective, although Mike Binder, the writer and director of Sandler's best friend and accountant, seems to be the only reason why he feels he has to name his name as an actor, everywhere as an actor. it's his movie). Last but not least, Saffron Burrows is beautiful. He is a great actor and plays a love-compassed drama to make his life look wonderful. At first the role of comic relief seems to be the main part of what will come. <br /> <br /> Binder has made one of the best studios in Drama that I have seen for a long time. Direction is almost perfect (the annoyance of the characters in the background / background was annoyed at the beginning), the performance is excellent and the story is true, never retires or instantly captures itself. has been linked to the end. Although it was a fantastic music and was used to improve it, it was not emotional to us (why The Who did Bindler's two major songs after Eddie Veddar uses the smaller version to feel the need to use a smaller version at the end, I do not know, but unfortunately it is not for me). Reign Over Me is a film about love, and how it can be imagined that the worst can be the pain, save us from misery and we can see again the world as a place of beauty and hope.
