This film was featured at Austin's Paramount Theater last night at the SXSW Film Festival. With the presence of Mike Binder and Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, we were the stars after listening to the movie. Film is horrible and powerful about losing yourself and turning it back. The performances are phenomenal and the story is tragic and fun as it is strange. (The movie trailer tries to emphasize the comedy.) <br /> <br /> This is the role of Adam Sandler. While Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish began to play dramatic roles, this role is an important breakthrough for him as a dramatic actor. He is well-deserved for the Oscars, followed by Tom Hanks's dramatic role and Jim Carrey. In this role, Dustin Hoffman was trying to get away from Rain Man. Taking an autistic man is much more different than Sandler's traumatized nature, for two reasons both characters are trapped in the isolation and disorder of their children. just as good After Rama and Crash hotel, Cheadle's offer looks great nuances. This task has the properties of sincerity and sincerity. But, even if it is not so deeply rooted in Sandler's nature, it is breaking and struggling. Cheadle has difficulties in her marriage and professional dentistry. Together, the characters that play Cheadle and Sandler fight together as usual in real life (as Matt Damon and Robin Williams remind us of Good Will Hunting). Both have lost their lives and they are trying to find them. <br /> <br /> This year, for me, is one of the most important film studios in the UK. The soundtrack is another wonderful plot of land. The shooting in the streets of New York, a city that has suffered a great tragedy and has had to cure it, is very beautiful. By Pinkett Smithe, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very bizarre role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are very good. Mike Binder, the writer and director, has really delivered a story that will be able to connect so much. This is pain, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. More than me, the kingdom has not been disappointed. The film is almost hypnotic, it takes you to the life of the characters. Hollywood would have a better reputation if it makes films with more choreographed films like Reign over Me.
