Everyone knows the most famous stories? The Christmas businessman visits a heartless businessman to spend Christmas Eve and warns him that if he goes on roughly he will be condemned in the chain of life. To avoid the fate of his partner, he visits three spirits to see the past Christmas, present and still appearing, to see the mistake of seeing later. The storyline is quite morbid, but Charles Dickens is a classic, as well as one of the most celebrated Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> This for me, Dickens is a timeless story. ; I always remember watching at school, and I remember being terrified! The ghost of Jacob Marley, with the ghost of Christmas presents and the Christmas ghost that will come last night, seemed to me very scary. How did the "U" certificate get? (For non-UK readers, the "U" is the smallest classification, family friends and children are welcome, nothing scare, etc. This is undoubtedly not a case, the younger children definitely have a very big final segment With a horrible Christmas similar to the future. <br /> <br /> If possible, a series of versions of classic storytelling adapted to the cinema, probably the most faithful to the book, is a segment that sees the least part of the adaptation of the original text: Ghost of the Ghost of Christmas, Scrooge's which shows two children hidden under one (you would never escape such a scene!) Ignorant and Need children change their desire for this film. <br /> <br /> For me, however, criticism is more objective and They've appeared after being trained, Scott's Scrooge's portrait does not seem cold enough. He lacks too much. I do not want to get the word right, E He's merely a merit, of course, but it seems to be a wicked, cold and indifferent man in books and other films. Patrick Stewart performed very well in one of the most recent filmed versions, and Michael Caine, though he worked with Muppets, was very cold. Even more, the development of the character grows in the way of learning more about his own way of making mistakes in the movie, and he grows towards the confirmation, it is not certain and incredible. It seems that it has changed recently in the last lesson of the third spirit arriving in time. <br /> <br /> But unlike this unforeseeable (albeit the main), it's a wonderful Christmas story and, after all, is a heart-booster. Christmas movies should be. London, of course, many Americans surely imagine a beautifully gem-styled snow-covered town (of course, then, London was gray and dull? And the snow would never be so white!) She is dressed in such a dress, even though poor people prefer it. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why should not everything look nice? Holidays to see the perfect season; It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and Snowman copies, and everything you need.
