Ealing Studios, a London-based television and film production company, is the oldest movie studios in the world. Even though the 1930s movies and television programs were constantly spinning, it was definitely a time of gold dating from 1948 to 1955 when he set up a series of comedy masterpieces, many of which star Alec Guinness. Famous titles are: 'Whiskey Galore!' (1949), '' Passport to Pimlico (1949), '' Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949), 'The Lavender Hill Mob (1951),' The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) 'and' The Ladykillers (1955). One of Ealing Studio's most renowned films, The Man in the White Suit, was released in 1951 and Alec Guinness was the star of Sidney Stratton, a great inventor of outstanding texture, which unexpectedly makes friends more than friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is inadequate and unsupported, but has a lot of scientific talent. Due to its lack of titles, the only jobs that can be earned are employed as worn or employed in large-scale, large-scale textile factories, where they carry out their own experiments with the company's money and equipment. After getting acquainted and expelled several times, Sidney is surely far from a week-long scientific discovery that will make the textile industry revolutionize. Drowning by her daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the textile producer Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) is very interested in Sidney's exploitation and finances any other work. After a lot of failed attempts and after a few explosions of land, Sidney has recently presented his amazing creation: the white fabric is almost light and never dirty and never works. He became a hero and then he was disappointed. The powerful bosses of the textile industry, led by John Kierlaw fraile (Ernest Thesiger), joined forces to revolutionize the revolutionary invention that would undermine their businesses in ever-expanding production. Likewise, small workers of the union of workers are listening to Sidney, and they also want to eliminate their existence, because their work is afraid. However, the inventor is convinced of the fact that sustainable fabrication is going to get plenty of and will bring happiness, and refuses to ask for others, despite threatened violence and offers 250,000 compensation. In all its problems to the media, Sidney offers his sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who is married but somebody else, but falls to Sidney's conviction. <br /> The 'White in Suit' comedy is a clear and fun comedy, written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and Alexander Mackendrick, and the unusual and charismatic performance of an inimitable Alec Guinness. There are some rumors that we love in capitalism and, as a matter of course, how important industries can move forward in their monetary situation, we can clearly see the arguments on both sides of the debate.
