Often labeled as a comedy, The Man in the White Suit plays more than one leg here and there. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is a strange inventor and does not have inventions to achieve inventions. since the world does not notice anyone, it's just strange and curious work around it. After entering the Birnley fabrics, he uses his lab to get rid of a textured texture, but never needs to be washed. Initially, he proclaimed the genius, and those who had abandoned it initially wanted a great deal of a sudden, but then the enormous behavior of industry is at stake and becomes a frightening fame. <br /> <p> Yes, the movie is really fun, in fact, some of the scenes are hilarious, but it's the satiriest edge of the movie that surpasses the most common. The contradiction about the future of technology is a fundamental issue here, we would like to see inventions that we envisage the wealth we create when we close the industry, you should see what happened to the British coal industry. Since the film was a crucial point in the decade, nuclear weapons became more than just hearing, because science was a horrific part of the world. You see this movie and you will see the return of events that are the main protagonist of Stanley, the hero and the enemy constantly, the victim of humanity's harassment! It is so dark that this film should be called The Man in the. Black Suit. <br /> <br /> I can not honestly find a mistake in this film, films by Roger MacDougall, John Dighton and Alex Mackendrick could be filmed today and would not be out of this place. He has sharp and thoughts. Sound and sound is horrible, the direction is free, with Mackendrick's correct tone. Some scenes are wonderful, especially when pulling up the heart chains and helping David Lynch think about a particular scene of Elephant Man 29 years later. However, after this fall of the events, the film still achieves the genius of Wink Alec Guinness that closes the film not only in the future of Stanley, but also in the rest of our world, to reflect on our audiences. thematically and artfully, 10/10.
