In my mind, Ealing is one of the best comedians and one of my favorite movies of all time. Workers' and management issues (numerous unions and rights discussions) might have taken a while for the film, it's no longer a topic, but this does not stop the classic "White Suit" stopping the stop of classics. <br /> <br /> A man who creates a revolutionary hundred-year-old who ends up with a hundred-year-old industrial disorder, is not an exciting sound to write, but the film retains this fantasy essential spark. Ealing is a reality that marks reality comedy. The fabric scares dirt and can never disappear! Alec Guinness becomes the central element of iconic and sequential icons dressed in the second half, such as Guinness could use his indestructible thread to scale up the empty wall. The script is full of drought: "Is that good?" "Yes." "Pena". - And characterization is the first rate. I've always been surprised by the brilliant management of these films. It would have to stop the emergence of "pointing the camera to the actors," but Ealing always tried to make clear, interesting angles and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, the material is a cast that raises the material height. Alec Guinness gives her a fantastic understanding, whenever she tells the story of astonishment, joy, and rounding of eyes that convey her. All Stratton is a man who forgets his work. This awesome character has come to be boring or dull, but Guinness makes it hard to work, so that the end of the film phase creates an urgent sense as Stratton creates as he wants to immerse himself in everything he wants to bury everything. never worked. Joan Greenwood plays one of the most powerful female roles and always enjoys delight as Cecil Parker and Michael Gough slimdled; Everyone laughed even if they did not try. He criticizes Britain's comic. <br /> <br /> "White Men's Clothing" is a bright shine of 81 minutes, a large plot, a great throw, a dazzling dirty and a cynical cynicism. Absolutely upstairs.
