Ealing's comedy is one of the things that makes fun fun. The essential thoughts of most modern comedies are unmet. (This is called British Verification). <br /> <br /> Three instances: a comic battle is being edited as follows. Alec Guinness has invented a new cloth that will ruin the industrial industry. Twelve-year-old businessmen are invited to sign up for their contract with the intention of signing a contract to cancel their production to eliminate their production. When he gets caught, Guinness gets up and turns to the door. Both men lock their way. "Excuse me," he said quietly, taking a step. Both men move between guinness and camera. Cut A secretary is sitting at his table. There is silence when the buzzer starts pointing. He picks up his notebook and opens the door of the inner office. Donnybrook is a noisy and noisy, half-broken room. Opens Guinness door. <br /> <br /> The next example would be unthinkable. In its invention phase, Guinness generates a chemical device, but not only turns the experimental liquid into a new cloth, but the device explodes. It explodes again and again. Laboratory was cleared of any other work. They continue blasting. Ceilings fall Windows is out. The research director is sitting at his desk in a small office, mixed with rubbish, with a bandage on his head. When the door of the door opens, one foot will jump into the air. "Sit down," he tells the visitor, "it is necessary at any other time." It's very funny and it's not an explosion. This could not happen without a current crash, and maybe a building that has dropped in a slow motion. <br /> <br /> In the last example, they make up a series of fast and tireless cuts. The agreement is being made in the portal of an office building of people who want to hire a consensus. Faced with two men who stand before him, Guiness protects him with a specific statement. It has bumps with a wall with an iron bust. Bust goes back and blows against the wall. Takes a shot around a quarter against the wall. Another short coat of iron shield hung above the bust and fell. A quick stamp embossing the head of Guinness. Two men looking at the camera cut out huge brass battles and hear the sounds on the screen while listening. Hang clipped on the back. Nobody currently has coverage that does NOT appear to be crowned by that shield. <br /> <br /> I do not do that. It's a good comedy, but it's pretty bitter all the time. To solve problems, Guinness has created dozens of others. It is opposed to leadership and work, and none of them shows great benefits. And of course, economic implications must be made more than fabrics. "What happens with the car running the water with a bit or the other?" a worker asks. "Interested interests," warned another employee, Thorstein Vebl gestures his head. What would happen if our energy problems were solved at night? If I have the ownership of Exxon shares - and I think I do that - I would think of it before thinking. Where would the oil industry need more oil? In this regard, where would the police and the FBI disappear if the crime suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and very fun film, superb directed and edited. It is an excellent list of interpreters. Joanne Greenwood had that rough voice. Cecil Parker blithering. Wheezing mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A first class job.
