THE MOMENT OF THE PLAYER, I READ AS A PLAYER, takes a vague vision of work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientist genius, but a strange one (he never got a university degree ... wrong at a university laboratory ... for an accident). The industrial fabric seeks to incorporate several industrial laboratories. When the film began in the company of Michael Gough, Gough (a memorable moment) is trying to surprise his father-in-law (Cecil Parker) to show his ship's organization. While lunching with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message on budget-related problems. Guinness is a large-scale experiment that experiences huge expenses and stirs up its coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness works next to Parker, and repeats the same tricks he made with Gough. . Greenwood finds what Guinness does and Parker convinces him to continue experimenting (but now). The result: Guinness and his assistants have found apparent solutions to keep artificial fibers constantly changing in the molecular structure, so that (in every sense) the fibers will continue to function properly. The fabrics made there will never disappear, they will not dirt or run out, it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness is helping a female manager, but not his bosses. Guinness looks at selling them rich. But when he explains what he has done, he thinks about him. Everyone has clothes that last forever, they do not need new clothes. Soon, the Parker's textile moguls (Gough, directed by Ernest Theisinger, and Howard Marion-Crawford), are the horrors of terror that end their business. They seek removal removal. Greenwood alone in his corner (even if Parker is in tune with him), Guinness will inform her about her discovery. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness gains science and greed. . But the film concludes that he finds an error in his calculations, and we think that one day he will still find that discovery. <br /> <br /> It's a great comedy. But is the argument removed? At one point, there are difficulties in making textiles (you need to heat up to high temperatures in the wires so that the ends of the material can be reconciled. There is no clothing that will cause fat or anything to show when clothing is eaten). Contract if the owner gets thin. Do we believe that people just want a set of clothes? What has happened to fashion changes and new styles? And fabrics are made only in the color white (Guinness looks like it looks). knight). The color color should be added to the process before it was added. Would not the effect be in the chemical reactions that maintain the structure that is woven? The science article, but the film about industry and capital work and capital hypocrisy. That's why it's great. But the question we have mentioned concerns me about the validity of Guinness' invention.
