"Deliverance" is a dark example of the great 70s movie. When the "Terminator" falls into the movies, are you really sacred? I do not think that you are the ones who are closely linked to new CGI - the plot does not matter. <br /> <br /> So, everyday situations can be terrifying for no reason, because they are like that. Many people who take part in everyday life - like a trip on the market ... or a busy street light. "Deliverance" is so scary that these innocent actions can become deadly in a heart beat. Is forestry entering the woods? Those who have this idea do not read articles, see everyday news, and some of the films that show seriousness in "accessibility" are not welcome in foreign countries. It is almost unbelievable that the first dish of "Deliverance" did not reveal that almost all of them saw no picnics, and "part of the evil pig" was not part of "Banjos Deulling". <br /> I hate the term "Hillbillies", as some "users" have written - without interfering with live, they degrade all the regions of people who are very happy to live. "Saintship" is much more - this is not a wooden sexuality. It has to teach us the "Chinatown" lesson. However, the black city is very silent to enter into and enter into a closed society. I know a lot of "Hillbillies" - people are moral, leaving themselves. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, as "justice" in the streets of the city. They do not need part of the city: the city should have kayaking and camping lawmakers. <br /> <br /> I found the "Deliverance" Jon Voight for the final movie to be a real performance. I'm wrong. The "Midnight Cowboy" paid was very popular, because it is unknown, but proved that it could do this in the fall of a hat. "Deliverance" was a great hand. The exhibition clearly showed us that ordinary people could take the mountains if necessary - but who wants to think today's "ordinary"? Dinner was a weird cry. Wow! Burt Reynolds !!! What do we need to ask what other films were driving for? The film, despite the fairness, sets the necessary resistance to the resistance that the resistance set in this film - not only in the wood, in the desert of everyday life. Ned Beatty was a close star: maybe her clothes did not sew on "Versace", but her shell's stunts were perfect. As stated, the team became stronger at the end of the movie. Ronny Cox plays the wizard as a wizard - each man must have his decision to do what is appropriate. Several "users" were theorized to shoot, or he lost his balance in the river - my theory is that, as the whole trip was disgusted, he committed suicide. During the scene, it was not heard and Voight and Beatty did not find any wounds. <br /> <br /> We know James Dicey how to weave a suspense story, and it was as sheriff as he was - he was terrified. Every day the day came drunk. His character could see three cannons that lasted, but he did not even know about a jury of local people, even though he was pleased with "Aintry". Likewise, he knows that the most fervent among the locals could be cruel. Justice - "Do not come back here again". There were not many "users" used in the "hillbillies" movie ever possible - which actors represented them better? "Mountain men" were the mountain people ... <br /> <br /> The details of this film were excellent. Certainly it was a risk of playing. Play? Better enter into a "struggle for life". I have found some close risks, and I am happy to live outside of the fight: it may be part of what your fellow human being feels wildly. <br /> <br /> That they have died completely and we continue to continue to be the most representative place in this country, undeniable. In any media, it is fascinated to see its grandeur, but leaves a bitter taste, some of which does not matter. It is a perfect example of Los Angeles: it is a wild animal that is involved in the territories and constantly believes that humans will come before animals. Here are their natural habitats. We just have to leave that. Any wonder why coyotes and bears and wolves go through neighborhoods? They are the ones. <br /> <br /> In a less threatening manner, we all have to learn lessons learned in "Deliverance" - we do not create a superiority to understand our progress technologically. I want to thank all the urban luggage that came out of the desert for a long time, when you see me scared to get scared. You can have a thrill of danger - I'll go into the TV. 30-out-of-10.
