Deliverance John Boorman's 1972 horror film is a thriller / thriller, about a group of four of Atlánticos businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox). On the Cahulawassee River, the canoe travels until the river runs. On the way, there is a stingy thing that is not unpleasant men. Although this is a bad thing, Boorman catches the natural beauty of the river well. The location was really chosen. In fact, this would still be very nice to see if the canoe trip would go smoothly. The pain of the forest and the lush scenery are terribly frightening. Not only is the stage scene, but also the filmmaker, Vilmos Zsigmond, is very well shot. Burt Reynolds is the protagonist of Mr. Lewis's work, the protagonist of this film. However, I think that Jon Voight steals the show as a man in the suburban family, that Ed is forced to change his life quickly. In fact, the scene that rises to the abyss was not the actor. Voight was the same. In order to reduce costs, the film did not insure and the actors performed their stunts. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. In guitar and banjo of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel, within the Dueling Banjos sequence, one of the most impressive pieces of film history remains its intensity of performance. In the other two points of the film, we treat banjo music, more and more gentle music, in order to offer a very enjoyable support at the bottom of the river. Considering all the good points in this movie, I was a bit lacking. . It is not so horrible that we do not create corruptions and believe it. The plots are quite poor and do not go free. However, this movie has enough points to get my recommendation. I like it but for gore lovers, there really is. Actually, there is nobody. It's not such a horror film that makes it an adventurous film. Think Rambo: First Blood comes across Three Men In A Boat. Check out Charley Boorman as a youngster, Ed's son. I liked this movie, it deserves a soundtrack, cinematography and performance from 7 to 10 people.
