A movie worries you with a disturbing and overwhelming atmosphere, and you get caught in the throat of a movie that hangs on you, I know you are a masterpiece of a movie. Even though most modern cinemas are, as some are very pleasing, those who care for the greatest attention are the most powerful and critically acclaimed, and above all, you will stay with you for life. Fortunately, I'm talking about horror movies, not just horror films, but a fan of voicemail voices. Movies such as Breakdown and The Missing, which lower your spine downward, seems like "the holy ruse, what will happen to me", and I'll be able to see you, there are my favorite parties in the movie. As I was just 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I knew them, I did not see them grown and acted as actors, now as actors like Shia LaBouf. and Justin Long. I must say that after a long hype and seeing Deliverance for the first time, I watched these veteran actors in a film over a 30-year-old, and still frightens the competition in modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays in Lewis, a rioting car named the head of four friends of four people, before taking a dam in a dam on a fictitious river, full of water in the wilderness. Renyold's character is an experienced adventurer, not foolish, and full of machismo. He looks hard and looks like a different actor, as I saw as an angry guy or politician. The conversation that the director gives his character suffers enough to prove that he has a head that is powerful and even more awful. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty, the adventurous beginners, Drew and Bob, have played, respectively, with the canoe trip. I watched the actor watch Jon Voight, I saw him again as an older actor, but, unlike Renyolds, I really liked the performance of Voight (and I do not say that when I say Anaconda). treasure national films Voight is Ed, who, like Lewis, is seen as adventurous but is reserved as a character. The movies are basically open to four small towns, while their cars are driving along the river while someone is looking for somebody, while they are going to climb over the banks of the river. We get you ready for the weird characters we present, at the beginning of the film with the famous character Drew, "Dueling Banjo", by Ronny Cox. and even men of both mountains had a pivotal and disturbing scene of rape. As with all the atmospheric movies, from that moment on, fear and confusion are filled with characters and viewers, and we see here that characters are shaped and modified. The following pyramid journey has been shot with skill and from then onwards men struggle for survival against humans and nature. The cinematographic film does not allow, and I go back to the comments, with a scene that Edek plays with a composite arch with a mountain racer. Since he falls into one of his arrows and as his enemy is approaching it, he plays his rifle, only to shoot at the floor when he falls on an arrow with his neck; I have been the biggest piece of film that I've ever seen in a movie. When it comes to harvesting, Deliverance is a movie that continues in the midst of atmosphere and environment, and continues to be one of the best films in the history of cinematography.
