Deliverance is an amazing thriller, just as exciting as thriller, but also stomach fear. Even if it's not a horror movie, it's just as scary as horror movie. Ordinary men of blood are usually immersed in the afternoon of any civilization and can only be caught and sodomized by the same thought, 99.9% of the world's population. It would be very easy to slip off by corrupt territory, but John Boorman has clearly avoided the temptation to go down this path, and has made a movie that challenges, challenges and challenges the masculine nature. With so many movies, you want to come to heaven, join the heroine's shoes, make heroic acts and save the day and get the little girl ... but with Deliverance, you're never praying to God. The experience of the four protagonists must be. <br /> <br /> Four friends - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty). The desert a few days to stroll along rivers. Boys are fast-paced in pairs, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently hit the riverside front of others and wait for their friends from the nearby forest. Here, two forest owners (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward) become those who connect with Ed tree; While one of them ravaged Bobby, he taught him "to lie like a pig". Lewis and Drew arrive without hiding and Lewis, being a straight archer, dies at the rage, while at the other end he retires from the woods. Under a lot of emotional stress, four canoes hide the event and leave the field. But when the river goes down, the river is trading more dangerous, and life is risking, when the rounded hill is alive, to get some shots from the cliffs on the cliffs near the river. > <br /> Aid is a very powerful survival story, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a research on tricks of humor and scratch. Although all the performances are remarkable, Beatty's efforts have to be taken into account in the role played by many actors. The film is a very thematic issue with the Straw Dogs movie of 1971 - both films are related to horrible sexual violence in isolated locations, and it is not pleased in both the violent regimentation of the victims. The rugged rural landscape of Deliverance is beautiful, but it also adds tension to the four generous canoes in the mountains and landscapes of the north, since they do not trust themselves anymore. . They are really suspicious of making movies.
