"Deliverance" is a magnificent epic condition of the modern and modern man, who begins in a canoe trip, in order to be able to unite with nature, and therefore have to fight for them, life and perhaps soul. The movie is well live. Although it was the beginning of the 1950s, it certainly did not look like its own. However, it has a perforated and iconic nature like the "Philosophical and Cultural Murder of the Sixties" as a dramatic vehicle. Very similar films are very similar, although they are very comparable, even though the legendary Sam Peckinpah should be there. Yes, there has been a great debate and debate on the biggest stage in front of the film (I do not spread here) and definitely one of the most important scenes in the history of the cinematographic medium - but this is a surprise about this film. It was beautiful sometimes. It seems they are generally ignored (still looking back, quite comprehensively). The cinematic movie that takes on the brittle and essential deserts of the river is often quite amazing, and it balances movies, in a short insanity, with viewers, characters together, immersed in a slow nightmare. "The narrative collection is a good and thin one, and it is amazing how events take place from one point of the establishment, crisis and consequence, all of which is very fast, which makes the movie a real need, the implementation will be implemented efficiently through initial credits. There is a limited time behind the background, we know that we know just about men like that, as they do, and eventually they are afraid of hell for them. The conflict between the film and the violence seems to come out of nothing, with a dreadful logic, James Dickey writes: The main romanticism about the "nature of goodness" can not be preferred and will die when these animal instincts are depressed. There is no demon or bogeymen here. Dead wild animals - like the main criminals of the movie - are our cousins, giant cousins ​​and lovers. because their iniquity is small and tangible. The movie does not have peripherals. Everyone reflects the weaknesses and uncertainties of the urbanized Homo Sapiens in the twentieth century. In the century, all of them are very real and detectable. Burt Reynolds is very fascinated in this movie by Lewis's Survivalist Gung and almost certainly over-exaggerated, and it's shameful to think that he can not really recover his short-lived momentous glory at his still whisking Boogie Nights. Believe me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you'll be amazed by his performance here. John Voight makes his effort, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox have important contributions. This is a great actress quartet. Finally, I must speculate that "Deliverance" will be the author of James Dickey's "White Sea". This movie (?) For those who like it, the TTWS is a serious story of the fight against the survival of the American Air Force pilot after destroying the Japanese peninsula. Dickey's main commercial brand is between ordinary existentialism and wild origin, but has a truly spectacular and poetic cinematic experience. Several years ago, we proposed that Coen brothers produce it, but this was not achieved at the end. Being rich in Coen-o-phile threatens what it might be like if they were to get green light on TTWS, but they did not make much strange efforts. Returning to "Deliverance" is not possible to imagine the movie of an honest and bustling brutality in those times, which is quite shameful. We are committed to public cinema, which is why we are poorer.
