This story is counted and retrieved, and it continues to be repeated in imagined mode. The immortal story of Charles Dicken is represented in every possible way. I acknowledge that I have not seen the classic version of Alistair Sim, and I'm sure I will do it one day, but I would banish this eighty-year-old version. If Dickens himself has created the story of the film, I think it would be this. <br /> <br /> The story is very popular, because I do not see a lot of detail, either seeing it or seeing it in a way. The old man, rich, absurd, visits the ghost of his ex-partner, and warns about his specific means. Instead of directing it, he visits three spirits, each one shows a different perspective of his life and the people who are involved in the past, present and future. In the end, seeing all this, his path is mistaken in a great way, and he has done it for all the wrongdoing he has made to pay him. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is definitely essential to achieve that role. He takes the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and does it by himself and creates a horrible character. He's not just an older man, he's not someone who has affected some of the situations of life that has raged and angry around the world. Inside there is compassion, but everything else is under it and there is a very self-involvement. Scott gives the role of perfection to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> The film is not the main film, but everything else goes into the same place. Victorian in England, that is, it recreates our eyes, sounds and eyes, and you see the smell of your face and market. The director Clive Donner recreates this brilliant scene and gives nothing to the imagination. I watched the movie and I was fascinated by the landscape. It is not a spectacular landscape, but it's real. The film takes us to the highest level merchants from the market to the smallest hole in poverty, and on the other. <br /> <br /> The rest of the work goes into its roles and places literary life on its walls. Bob Cratchitt, David Warner and his whole family, the youngest Tiny Tim by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. Each ghost had its own personality and added to the dark atmosphere of this story. Christmas Carol is not a clear story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period of life in England, and it's really dark, it's just a frightening Christmas story, and it must be scary to overwhelm so many nervous men for many years. around. The dark feeling of the story is trapped in this film and it is terribly awesome, yet it raises the spirit of ending and captures Christmas wonders. The score of this film is also worth mentioning, being epic and beautiful as well as listening to Christmas music, as it fits perfectly. It seems Christmas Christmas is my favorite, because I emphasize that Christmas is all about Christmas Carol. 10/10
