What do you say about the White Fire? Amazing? Fantastic? Worrying? Ridiculous These words are not enough to describe the White Fire event. The shortest and most disturbed film, from the beginning to the depths, will entertain the movie. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in the forest of a country around the world. A family is hidden by uniform soldiers disguised. When your father distinguishes between mother and child, you will get a real sense of what you see the movie. Father assures him that he rolls his teddy in his white outfit, and is kind enough to pay attention to the people, but you're father-in-law, because it's very unnoticed and dangerous. Meanwhile, mother and children run down the beach with an armed soldier, 5 meters behind. Also, "HALT!" It looks like a strange warning in a strange way, and then she'll lose her mother immediately. This action sequence creates a wonderful child of Bo and Ingred, our heroes. <br /> <br /> So, we're making a breakthrough about 20 years now (if you're honest about 30 heroes) to this beautiful Turk, where Bo and Ingred professional robbers, or diamond watchers, or something settled. Ingred works in a diameter mining where it helps goods and Bo (dynamically interpreted Robert Ginty dynamically) drives through the desert beneath his clothes. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They seem to have no other friends than others, and spend all of their time together. That is why, as he tries to sleep with his sister, he says, "My sister is ashamed of you as you know," she says, while the nakedman appears, the pair is very dynamic. Well, then crushed when Ingrid dies when Turkish beaches ride his ceremony with a pink pain scarf. There is a hopeful renewal when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and gives plastic surgery to be similar to Ingrid. This is because Bo does not have to be technically ill with her sex partner. Good is a true, ethical gray, and is pleased with his new love. <br /> <br /> So, however, there are many scenes of fun activities, ridiculous violence, great performance, linear lines that can not be followed. , Fred "hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a large part of dirty ice, that is, a giant diamond (later explodes). All these things are excellent, but Bo and Ingrid's relationship is this special movie ... it's really unique. So, with all my heart, I encourage you to see the majesty of the fire. You'll be glad ... or not.
