He set the government to recognize his faith and fought with a necessary pension. Ripstein's work is a lyrical, as a Colonel, to all those who suffer from social routine and excessive hardness, denying citizens dignity and purpose. Unlike the foolishness of GODOT FOR SPIRIT, the Colonel waits for the arrival of his pension and gives him meaning, otherwise, his miserable life. Two of the films are directed by the colonel interpreted by Fernando Lujan; that his military pension will arrive one day and his son, Agustin, will know that he will die by a noble reason, another reason not drunk in a dirty egg. The first one was impossible, and forced to prove to the world, the only thing that Colonel can do is to train his son's fight cock. The rooster is now a warrior who can bring money and justice to his colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his owner, Agustin, is the challenge of his murderer. In a confrontation between the colonel and the killer of his son, Nogales, a paid government agent, offered Colonel the Colonel to give the same full pension. But, it's blood money; the money designed to conceal the money hidden by those in power who fought for political ideals and concealed money for the world, because it wrote for an underground article written for the rights of labor. unions and ordinary man. The choir denounces the Nogales offerings with great dignity, chooses his cock and takes it as it can with its old legs. After being in the house, Doña Lola, the wickedness of her wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when both were starving. Following the question, "What will we eat until November (when the chicken fight begins the season)," Colonel replies, "shit." They think that food is not thought-provoking and eating all over their lives, and the excitement is a food that chooses colonel necessarily to eat with dignity, knowing that it can never be sold to those who sell their souls. The Colonel remains the only honor and value man in a world without principles.
