After being included in the different immature films he had bought in DVDs, it was a good time for a small drama and who would better offer it to Sam Mendes? For many reasons, "American Beauty" has not liked the darkest thing that Tom Hanks has done and, probably, one of the films made in the last decade. This is not a simple gangster story from the graphic novel of its origins, which is why it is wonderful to see it. And despite the usual allergy of any movie with Tom Hanks, it still can not see "Big" without catching a cat), I'm glad I tried to think that this is one of those movies Sorry if you missed it. <br /> <br /> Normally, Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a private family and generous of two children, when he was banned from the early 1930s. John Rooney (Paul Newman) is also a professional hitman, but his job has been to keep children secret. However, his eldest son (Tyler Hoechlin), after his father's involvement in the killing of a mafia, has to flee, while John wants to sort out the problem. Soon, father and son are taken to Chicago, where a collaborator (Jude Law threatening) puts them. <br /> <br /> On the face, he reads it as a pretty ordinary gangster movie, but I said, this is not about Gangster. Relations between father and son were thrown together into tragic circumstances. Hanks is the man who tortured the brilliant * teeth *, knowing that everything is priceless and that Hoechlin is the son of Sullivan. Honestly, there is only one performance that could be weaker than one other. Throw empty They are like filmmaking and costumes (and I often do not raise their clothes!) In the decade, these amazing effects are recreating. There has been so much effort since everything is going well and paying. This could be rude. They admit that it was difficult to look at the beginning of the 1930's, but this is not a thing that is worth every credit. Chicago, above all, looks great, with hundreds of rented cars from that time and people full of monochrome costumes and hats. Real-time travel, even if a CGI is needed. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, often featuring a human face that is seen as stereotypical genre of bad films. Law is surprisingly mute as Maguire's mechanical killer and proves that Cagney or De Niro or Brando are not gangsters. The movie is terrifying, rain and unmanaged stores prevail but at least violence and murder (at last) have an emotional and psychological effect for those who only see acts like that. The whole thing is a suggestive of previous age and of previous films, but the old man has thrown away and the modern story that has just been renewed, Tommy-Gun shooters and extortion rackets. In places it feels a bit slow, especially if you use routine plays like modern audiences (really like yours), but sometimes words talk more than action. Mendes has given a long-awaited Oscar-winning movie, a movie that is as beautiful as a show. "Road to Perdition" may not be everyone's liking, but this is a DVD I will not exchange anytime soon.
