When I got out of the house and dumped it in the theater, I was not happy. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), will become one of the biggest films of all time. I may grow old; maybe I've seen the same thing again and again. But this movie is different. <br /> <br /> The story Michael Sullivan Jr. The young man opens to the sea, who looks at the duality of his father's heritage, one of the best men ever living, one of them. the greatest evil. This duality makes a snake in the whole movie. The story is based around John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), a young man from Rooney, and is now a personal "Death of Angel". Rooney is linked to her son's blood, but Michael Strogoff's love and loyalty are linked. Michael Jr. The young man, watching the stories he read, stole a night in his father's car while his father works with Connor Rooney to "work with the family" while working. Connor makes it possible to run away from the situation, and Michael Abre witnesses the warning that he wants to see a warning when he becomes a murderer. conflicting loyalty collide. Soon after, Michael begins with his young son, following the murderous contract, "Man Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I do not show more details to avoid disasters. . However, I am encouraged by the fact that visitors are analyzing a lot of diversity in the film: problems between children (Michael and Jr., son John Rooney & Connor) while they are "working" in the world and in the world. Between good and evil, they are made between god men and truly, "helpless" and "dirty" money among the people of Perdition and Perdition. And on the way, enjoy the visual splendor of the filmmaker Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, for the best 2 film photo): Stinks with rain, mirrors (especially for gates on the door), from shadow gun shadows. , no sound. Hale's 75-year-old gave us his best movie career, but Paul Newman's 77-year-old offers one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> Yes ... you may get older. But I've seen a lot ... and that's cool and livelier. The Road to Perdition presents a permanent and loving tribute to the gangster genre, a dark comic book that is hidden in darkness, criminals and heroes, the American film in general. Go see
