If you thought of the first movie of Sam Mendes, American BEAUTY was a much-anticipated movie, wait until you wait for the second effort, ROAD TO PERDITION, the most gigantic melodrama of the 30's. Some critics have called this new movie as the heir of THE GODFATHER, a malicious decision given by Mendes's reviewers with the extraordinary technical skills of Mendes. If the film's mechanics make a great image, ROAD TO PERDITION THE GODFATHER is a distant cousin in terms of cinematography, editing, music score and sound. It does not have all the great resonance stories and some very strange films with a long experience in reading or watching with the viewer. As with American BEAUTY, this movie is cold and distant, though the love of parents, the loyalty and the betrayal are very intense scenes. <br /> <br /> This story of a successful man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship. An alternate father - his figure, the old leader of the Irish underworld (Paul Newman) seems to be the image; For many gangster films of the past years. The father / son hanging above that picture is so heavy in his treatment that there is no spontaneity; The entire company has been very careful, and almost all of the interview is provided with high-speed air: this is, of course, a gangster movie and, as a result, it is a matter of violence and blood flow, but the film does not make any mood. of; A sense of immersion in a montage published only in a scene that drives a young boy escapes a car that escapes a car. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I have the highest praise for the amazing look of this film; In fact, it is not excessive to say that I have never seen a movie as beautifully photographed and designed. Conrad Hall's former cameraman probably earns an Oscar for his work here. They are as important as clothing and clothing of production; In fact, the whole movie is a technical miracle. Mr Mendes continues to impress the vivid use of color, and Mr. Hall is again dramatic when the red blood is splashed on pale walls, which is even more efficient and confusing, for blacks, blues and grays. Main color scheme of the movie. <br /> <br /> If I did not correctly indicate the activity, it's not because the actor argues for themselves; Everyone in the movie has a superior image, a special mention for two evil wicked people: Daniel Craig is a classic "man who hates you", the Newman Gangster's father is an immortal and booming man; and almost unfamiliar with Jude Law, Hanks and his son and looking for figures that are very important in the second part of the film. But this fascinating act of playing a movie must be taken to the back seat of a photo fireworks display. If it's a Rolls-Royce movie, it would definitely look like a PERCENTIVE DIRECT.
