The 1984 version of Dickens 'A Christmas Carol' directed by Clive Donner is George C. Scott by Ebenezer Scrooge. By that time, the filmmaker's challenge was to make the material known, and it seemed fresh and fresh; and, fortunately, this Donner film, beyond this challenge, exceeded the expectations that could be made by anyone. He tells the story accurately and with a clear eye and surplus performances by his actors, especially Scott. The definitive portrayal of Scroogen could have been said, one of the most well-known characters in literary fiction was ever created by Alastair Simek in 1951; But I think here with his performance; Scott has now achieved this distinction. In Scroogea, that purity and honesty seems to be difficult for someone else to play, once Scott has seen it once; Just put it on, IS Scrooge. And what a tribute is to this actress; To make the image so popular and unique, it is very wonderful. It is really joy to see that the actor is doing his business so well that he is able to become a character so real that he sends the best expression of his face in every word and that all becomes true. It's a perfection analysis. <br /> <br /> The rest of the members are also excellent, but they need to be back in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do it Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a remarkable turn, though not memorable, perhaps by Alec Guinness (with Marley), in "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is welcomed as the Spirit of the Christmas Past; Edward Woodward, great and noisy, and convincingly as the Christmas Day Spirit; and Michael Carter, as serious and threatening as the Christmas Spirit. <br /> <br /> David Warner has made his mark with Bob Cratchit and he honestly gets it. The quality set by Scott Scrooge, and Susannah York is just as good as Cratchit. The real jewel is the play by Tiny Tims by young Anthony Walters; it's never-never-ending, and it's just one of the best interpretations - and one of the most real scenes ever presented in real movies. <br /> <br /> Great work to help Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, as well as a narrator). film), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). An excellent presentation, this version of "A Christmas Carol" sets the standard for measuring all others. No matter how many versions you've seen, seeing this is the first time it's seen. And forever, every time you think about Scrooge, the image that you can imagine is George C. Scott. As a very entertaining and enjoyable experience, this film requires the annual schedule of holidays in all parts of the home. I value this 10/10.
