Wow ... I mean, this WOW has always been the best way to read / view. We all know the famous story. Both martial arts, a man and a son, are forbidden if they are not trained and warned of being forbidden in Madrid, both fall in the spring. Father, Genma, the source of Panda drowning. And 16 years ago Ranma, source of drowning in the spring. Now, with all the cold dirt of the cold, they landed in the spring to be called. No, it's just the beginning. As if it were not enough to be one of the strongest teens ever, Ranma has to face martial arts teachers and hundreds of art styles, the old school's principle, right and left opponents. To score the score with Ranman, that is, to say, run their lives as quickly as possible or "steal" their loved ones. And speaking in love, a boy or a girl loves them in love with Ranman. And he had not once been his Akane bride. And that is the beginning of the first episodes / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story is amazing. I have never encountered something so extraordinary, so strange ... so out of this world and so compelling ... outside of this world ... I can not describe myself. It's just a charming story. I like humor I never rang out of that manga and did not try any stunts that would catch Simpson or something like that. I could read any part of the comic and I laughed from beginning to end. Other things are characters. Ranma, you think that being stronger will not go back, but not ... with all the little problems that face the story, it's a life-long boy who would overcome half the time and have his personality. It seems the worst thing happens when the worst can be a genius. And to think, hundreds of perverted spectacles, which pervert the idea of ​​perverts together, all their people eat, even Akane, the worst ever pervert. His father, Genma, would you think that father's character would be included in the background? Right! But it has some focus ... it gives you more reasons to hate it, but with the same love! Ever know the worst father in an anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranman's greatest enemies and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably a person who can really be. It's probably the strongest character in the series, but two mistakes, the curse of one another becomes a baby pig, but his worst mistake ... there's no sense of direction! Then ... you know, I would like to spend hours on the computer for all the characters, the story, everything that would be positive, but that would not make sense. <br /> <br /> Check if you protect the series' T, ORA! You will not regret it! I would recommend checking the first comic. I like anime, but I have had trouble setting the series at a good price. And a little nitpick, humor does not look like anime and return to manga. I think partially cartoons seem to me. In any case, win! 10 to 10!
