Certainly, I first got Ranma 1/2 when I was twelve years old. I was in the library and I was looking for a good thing to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and I saw this book. In my first readings, during the chapters, I did not know what was happening, but I know I love it. I also brought home more than one other reading. Actually, I did not get anywhere. And then, about five months ago (I am 16 years old), my friend anime series was watching and I remembered about this Manga. I could not remember what was called, but I remembered that the author was the rumba Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yashas. I've been online, and then decided to get a decision to see 161 episodes. I initially dumped it in the 1990s, but eventually did not have any problems. Animation has not been so hard and ever scattered, see again. One day I saw 45 seconds in succession. I do not know how I did ... but I could not stop. Finally, after two days, I'm obsessed. I even dreamed of seeing Crazy like Ranman. I've never seen a nice series, so funny and so terrifying. I'm not satisfied with 161 episodes today. Of course, the end of the cliffhanger was enough to go to the bonkers, but the series alone was enough to continue reading to make me. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. Martial arts They are so strong that ancient Chinese training went to the field and they became "damned." The lands were full of spring pools, and if you get into a land, you will be drowned when it is immersed in cold water. Genma, that was PANDA, and Ranma was ... girl! It's a very funny and funny story. On top of that, his friend Genma promises that Ranma will marry his daughter to keep Tendo dojo. "In accordance with the course, hatreds and feelings hate each other, of course, they like one another, but they are welcome to become. But ... Genma goes down in history. Ranmani told a lot of girls. <br /> <br /> Acknowledging It's worth seeing. It's amazing, amazing and amazing.
