Though far from my expectations, I was amazed at Dog Bite Dog. I rented it much I do not know about it, but I was basically expected that the martial arts / action movie would be the traditional tradition of traditional action in Hong Kong. I got something completely different, this is not a bad thing. Although the film is classified as such, there is a steady action and the hand-made combat scene in the film is definitely not the focus. His characters are very important for the movie, but it's strange in many Hong Kong movie shows. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the intricate characters and characters in the movie. The protagonist Edison Chen (really good) has become infinitely more complex at the end of the film than he had seen thirty minutes before. The police also deepened my expectations. Indeed, the honest and honest portrait of what was seen in the dark side of the police was my favorite part of my film. I do not know that Dog Dog Bite Dog was completely criminal, he emphasized the typical good concept of police, but definitely distorts (unfortunately) the ways of seeing the movie. So many films, especially those of Hong Kong's action movies, portrayed the police as a clear idea of ​​clearly ignorant police. This is what I like about my genre. I was surprised by the fact that Dog Bite Dog had a very special and very daring idea about the police police. In this movie there are some bargain scenes that I have ever seen before, and I will doubt it again, and I'm sure I'll remember it for a while. Similarly, criminal characters are also displayed from an interesting perspective. There are ten documentaries on Cambodia boys' guys revealing themselves and who are fighting naked against each other. The most important and mobile moments in the film. He says much about condemnation of these senses. Likewise, it shows a lot of relationship between Chen's character and the girlfriend in the garbage-house. This item came into being as a really emotional experience in the movie until it was only for film. It's just something about the screen-related, to not be with me, but for some reason this really did. The role of the actress is incredible because I imagined it was not an easy role to imagine. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also has a really wonderful film, although unfortunately it's different. It seems that at times it seemed very striking to me, especially in the final segment of the last movie, but there was a lot of work on the camera. I had another little problem I thought was also different from the stop. I found a lot of scenes for "looking for a boat" to be a bit unfamiliar, even if it was quickly picked up. The scenes of the actions are short and not very varied, but they are really powerful and effective, especially at the end. Choreography of combat honestly is not all that, especially very credible, although it is considered good and quite realistic, but the real strength is emotional content behind the battles. Although the last scene, not surprising by martial arts or choreography, is one of the most powerful and last-ever known I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts films. <br /> <br /> I think Dog Bite Dog is going to get a lot away, whether it is crucial to connect with the character or not. These are definitely some of the worse characters that can be seen on any type of movie, but since there was something very human about them, I could not help and really felt, especially. Chen's girlfriend. I would say I think most people would like the movie I'd like, I think most people do not like or take care of the characters in the same way, but I'll recommend it anyway. It's really a moving and effective film.
