I have to be direct - I've seen a solid movie like DOG BITE DOG. "Old school" is a fan of a mid-90s late mid-80s, so I heard the movie "style" come up with some new movies. HONG YAU's GONG TAU (I have not seen this post yet ...), so I was very much interested in shooting some of these newer CATIII films. Did this film match my expectations? Completely - but as I imagined it is not enough. <br /> <br /> The story continues with a bit of a young, animal, resourceful and almost unstoppable Thai hit-man with a bit of history that comes to Hong Kong. mission. "Because of bad luck, it instantly identifies a rough copy (it has as many equal characteristics as our human being), and soon they catch up and capture it. This situation does not last long, because the murderer appointed escapes his catchers and shows the local police quickly It will not be lightweight, and there is a cats-mouse between police and "crazy dog" (as the police say). On the way, Mad Dog slows down a young woman inadvertently, creating a bond between them, with the help of a sticky situation, Mad Dog will only serve as a means of returning to Hong Kong and Thailand, and they are trying to keep the police alive ... <br /> <br /> I am sure I can write it This paragraph is about this complex and complementary movie, but I do not want to give too much. I saw nothing about this premise DOG BITE DOG, and I think that such a movie is a hob Understanding eto. Compared with older CATIII films, there are similarities. DOG BITE DOG has challenging moments that recall "good times", but it's never been so old or insolent as the old school, such as THE STUT STORY or RED TO KILL. When the oldest CATIII movie came to be a "shock", the DOG BITE DOG production is much more thoughtful and rounded (though this is not far from that III. CATIII movie that is dear to me). This film is much more "emotional" than the exploitative, and as we learn more about the characters and their origin, the viewer begins the connection and identification of both sides. There's really no "bad boy" and "bad boy" boy, Mad Dog shows violent pity and police are in very heterodox ways to get out of the police killer. Also, there is no nude / sex in this film, it is a typical feature of CATIII old movies. Personally, I would like to compare it with the DOG BITE DOG parking sympathizer. VENGEANCE, or perhaps Pang, brother, BANGKOK DANGEROSA, whose two emotional movements greatly confused vigorous and constant violence and action. Again, I do not like anything about this movie. The play is dead, cinematography is sharp and well-executed, and the whole movie is skillfully mixed in a way that can not be seen by many elements. This movie (and others like it ...) is the "resurrection" of the movie CATIII - not exactly - but it's a very solid film, it's really worth it ... 9/10
