All those who know Asian cinema know, in general, that Japan is famous or well-known due to hyper-violent films, and is now gaining popularity in brutal brutal Korean films. Dog Bites Dog does not necessarily get as violent as the high-blooded Miike film, nor does the fat it is also boring as a boring will like Korea. It is very perfect with its own brutality. This film, which has the greatest power, is Japan or Korea's biggest effort, instead of revealing the film, the film develops characters, not the story as it progresses. The two main characters are two very evil people, who have their own motivations and their own emotions to be so. The character of Sam Lee, for example, is from the beginning, and gradually, it is evident why Changen's different encounters with the character are revealed. Without too much damage to this part of the story, his father's character is morally ambiguous. Changen's character, on the other hand, is that his most instincts have a violent efficiency and even a perfection. Surprisingly, although the story of Changen does not reveal a human aspect, many forget about the nature of our animals, which neglects the ability of many people to reflect on their ability. Pei Pei Landfill). However, approximately 80 minutes before, the cat is a mouse or a straight line, or Dog Dog harassment, it's a movie that ends at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square. Off, someone will die) and The fun part of the movie is never the commitment of those who engage your hands on the action. This leads us to the weakness of the film. Inperunatley would be another spoiler to forget about it, but it's just a matter of pushing one of the main points in the movie, if he leaves the movie 80 minutes before, the movies go. to emphasize another 20 minutes or more. I am not wrong to write, since it is better than the 80-minute mark, and if the last action was not full of sweet music (as in most movies, the music kept the least, and let loose sound effects work, it still works and It did not damage the movie, but despite the fact that it was a third-handed-out maneuver, the way it was handled was in a hurry, and it almost insulted the viewer's minds so he could get away from it, though Hong Kong is still fresh air The most bloody film of the martial arts never reaches an immense constitution and wildness, which keeps the character arches.
