It is noteworthy and very praiseworthy for writers and directors to continue making movies as the oldest and most popular plays they use in the world. "Dog Bite Dog" is basically not much more than the story that catches the monstrous baker obsessively criminally, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from being very violent and tireless. This is undoubtedly the most impressive and credible films I have ever seen, the constant atmosphere of nihilism and the live hell. The trilogy of Chan-Wook Park's revenge ("Oldboy", perhaps), or any other feature film released on the Cat-III, has never been released in the saddest and cruel "Dog Bite Dog" events. . Pang is a young and tireless killer in Cambodia that walks down the streets of Hong Kong to get rid of his wife's famous wife at a restaurant. When the police arrive at this place, the young Wai officer will see Pang's escape from the crime scene and how he can continue. The first real conflict between the two evil dogs causes a huge blood bath, because Pang does not pity thousands of warriors and Wai's friend and long-time colleague. Since then, an exciting and evil game of cats and mouse begins among the frustrated police and professional murderers. The second one also saves a girl from her father's constant sexual abuse and remains in her dumpster. Fascinating tasks (excluding explicit violence) routine action / thriller is the origin of the main characters! Pang, hit-man, is a Cambodian orphanage and trained to fight and kill the child. He has no sense of confusion, he has no mercy and speaks almost just a word. Wai became a particularly innocent and orthodox police, since he was arrested after committing an incident at the commander of his role model father (police). Laik does not question suspects and witnesses; He shouted and is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new nemesis. People with poor stomach or nervous disorders are advised to stay away from this movie because they can easily create cruelty and bumps "Dog Bite Dog". It is not the kind of violence that flows into the air and the bodies that are chopped, but people of this type are harder and more disturbing, where people want to oppose their opponents physically or mentally. Shooting locations are dark and incredibly efficient and the sharper tone of the very simple music movie is even more terrifying. The performances are excellent! I would not be surprised when Edison Chen and Sam Lee acted as enemies in each other, because their hats and condemnations were legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable movie, it is highly recommended if you have a stomach. If you can not be afraid, wait a few years, inevitably, to soften the state quote a bit.
