Most reviews say that this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. It is different from these films, depending on the best or worst thing, depending on what you expect from a movie and what you expect, it will depend on Hamilton. <br /> <br /> You can know Hamilton as a photographer. a little surprised While Bilitis resembles his books, these younger girls, who have a connection with these scenes and their mutual interaction, Laura makes a series of characters that allow them to develop relationships (male, female, female model), but photography Although they are beautiful, many of them better than their average, their number is reduced to the benefit of the land. Both Tendres cousins ​​are different, Hamilton is more than just a movie. That's why fans of Hamilton might have a great deal of admiration, such as the appearance of an erotic comedy (but not a German soft-core type), "Schulmädchen's report". You will not laugh a lot, but you can smile (and that's not something you often get at Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of women varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual work, this is not out of place and not there. We have characters that live in life, have destiny and do not take us from one photograph to another, naked from one girl to another. <br /> <br /> Sadly, Hamilton (again) loses a script. in hand On the beach girl, under the shower, on the shelves, in the gardens, under the tent, in front of the mirrors, in terms of the number of clothes, that is, it can shoot their territory, minute and hour and do everything. Always feel the artist's eye and his hand behind. But if Hamilton is to present his average daily life, he is just the director of the script. Hamilton is her best-known nude, but they are just part of her work. The cousins ​​that have had the reverse are: their girls are not the best shots. Nature, the garden, the house reminds us of the work Hamilton (often a neglected part); Girls, even naked, do not give us anything special. Perhaps, Hamilton was confused by a guy in front of the camera, maybe he thought he was going to accept a censorship, he was really trying to do something (and nobody dared to say he did not say it), but he forgot it. the most beloved.
