I like the images of David Hamilton, a woman with a gentle female border, sometimes erotic, even pornographic. Others also liked David David's books stolen. In a book they saw some pictures of a young boy, of course, naked, intimate and naked with a younger woman than her. Despite discreetness, there were strong sexual connotations. David Hamilton's new territory, because they are images of Tendres Cousines and then photographs taken. <br /> <br /> Photography art unfortunately does not automatically translate to cinematography. Soft focus turns out of focus and the discrete angle turns confusing, perhaps because the movement can not be considered. You see it or you lose it and it's not time to observe, to understand. The movie is a farce, and things are fun, but it does not "let go", maybe the story is so slowly developing and what would happen. Finally, Julien, aged 14, has relationships with her cousin, but she is soft and there is no sexual contact with her camera. As a goose, we are very disappointed with virgins and trapped in an insolent trap and, after capturing, Julien's father gives him a cigar to complete his experience. Correctly, it is in French and French film matches, most Americans may even subtle, even with English subtitles with Phillinkines. <br /> <br /> This movie is like a child. pornography and that, undoubtedly, today's sexual exploitation of children is a serious problem. No-one wants to protect or show child sexual abuse. Therefore, there is no room left for the most erotic children's context, without activating alarms on sexual violence and exploitation. Guys "Lucky Julien!" He will think Although movies and children's films are "bad", they still wanted Julien at the time. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all these reflections must be taken into account by the mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatically and children and sex issues are avoided. Bad, sexual ignition is a real human experience. All the afflictions, the children grow up and become like sexual creatures like Julien. It is a good literary theme, including cinema, but the taboo is a threat to child pornography. David Hamilton, I think, risked a movie about it, even in 1980. He has been very successful in studying this sensible issue and, unfortunately, we are not sure to see better in the near future. child pornography label
