The only reason I am going to give this, the other children's actors who had suffered Tadashi's torments did not work. I think that it was good age and usefulness for children, but they did not train well, and their scenes were a bit embarrassed. <br /> <br /> I do not think it's judged according to US standards, because there is a kind of ambiguity that easily embraces Japanese culture and the black boundaries of boys in US children do not look at. Films are commonly used. For example, the funny and funny moment is that Tadashi's yokai small friend drops down another yokai and abolishes it, and Shojo, who makes a serious announcement of Kirin, can do what an underscored Japanese rider can do. Tip: This was not going to happen at the Disney movie. This image also offers the best beer for the children's movie. <br /> <br /> Previously, a school teacher turns up a couple of mental problems at the moment. It was a television commercial in Japan a year before leaving. It stopped being an clay animation that sang the baby and the guitar and sang in his room blues. Mom is going down to death to die. Then someone gives a candy bar and she sings happily and sings, but her mother enters and closes again and says that she spreads on her forehead. I mentioned this commerce, because it was funny and I did not have any effect on it. Much more blood than the one we could find in the Disney movie and physical cruelty appears on the screen "The Great Yokai War." As a parent, if it were a US movie, I would have weapons about that sort of thing, although there is no need for moral learning, at the end of the image, of course, that's not whites. Since Japan's film, I accept that these cultural norms are passed by standards and they support images that do not exceed the private police in US production. However, I was probably a bit uncomfortable for kids to see about a summary of pre-shows and / or post-audiences about violence and other non-core issues, or I'd wait to show them older.
