They are the most famous comedian comedians in Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy, and that's why I'm glad to see any of his films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) will finish his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging, after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the fireplaces that arrive to complete their work, and very quickly, Ollie wants Stan to escape from the defects. Ollie goes to the top of the fireplace to help her to the other side of the right, but Stan will be in the lounge to push him to the end of the chamber. After an extension, Stan replaces a charged loader from the wall and, of course, extinguishes the brush. Stan rises to take a look, and Ollie, standing on the roof of the attic chamber, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks him to hurt, and Ollie responds "I do not have to say anything". Ollie returns to the roof, and with him and Stan they will shoot a shot and shoot the shot after Ollie, and he is falling and destroys the fireplace. Ollie, without any hats, hit the head of the chimney when a lot of bricks are falling, and the stomach Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with ash from the chimney, oh, and Ollie does not say anything to Stan. The boys decide to clean it wrong and when Stan strikes the carpet, Ollie asks "You can not correct anything," Stan replied, "I did not say anything," he attacked the blade. When Ollie Stan wears a bag, he brushes on ashlar, a wall painting looks after him, and ashes retrieves Ollie's trousers, so Stan stops another shovel. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and goes on the final test on a duck, which falls into a water tank, duckling. The boy shows his success, he turns duckling into an egg, and then proposes to use a human subject, that is to say, his beloved. When they finish, the boys decide to try the same formula, but finally, Ollie ends up tapping the water tank with all the formulas. In the end, when Ollie came out, a monkey, and when Stan asked him to speak, Ollie says all the monkeys "I did not say anything" and Stan is astonished. The classic comedy that you want from black and white cinema, is a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy, number 7. The Comedians' comedy. Very well!
