Laurel & Hardy is an uncommon comedy with a distinctive personality: sometimes it feels like two films made in different spliced ​​movies in different films. Fortunately, each part is fun for himself, and he plays with apparently unpleasant clowns for boys and synthesizes different elements of the film in an entertaining whole. I have never heard the fan while DIRTY WORK mentions his favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy. It seems like everyone likes it. <br /> <br /> Our story is located at the Noodle teacher's house. The storyline is a key element in the line: the Mad Scientist scenario is very odd. This is a rare risk for science fiction in L & H. Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges are much more confused by Stan & Ollier than doctors. In any case, the teacher is obsessed with rejuvenating serum that may be younger. Jessup, his sarcastic loves, reflects the skepticism of the spectator with the rolled eyes and occasionally smoothly. In the meantime, Stan and Ollie bring fireplaces to the day of the teacher's home to improve their solution. The parts of "their" films include fireplace, roof, shovels and some wonderful misfortunes (but first class). If you do not enjoy seeing these guys doing a task, you probably do not like DIRTY WORK, but it's a party for fans of the band. Particularly noteworthy is the plan that crosses the fireplace, which enters the fireplace and then hits the falling bricks that are falling on the head, due to the rhythmic rhythmic accent. I also like Ollie's cover in a greenhouse that falls from the roof; The job of the process is so slapdash I suspect I was an inner joke, W.C. Fields' films would appear to be the worst backdrops on the back of the world. <br /> <br /> Slapstick is a very fun thing, but the mad scientist is decomposing that movie, and two assistant players are worth a bowler. hat: Lucien Littlefield is an eminent character actress, an excellent teacher, delivering twelve top-class lines with delight and hammering with hammy glee. Sam Adams, on the other hand, is the lesser paper of Jessup's table. As excellent as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy, Hal Roach Studio deserves his films to boost them. As a result, usually, Le Roy Shield's backing was made, but DIRTY WORK is strange at that time, after a comedy by Roach does not open up with music after initial credits. Mood music can improve the procedure, but it does not matter; In any case, it's a nice comedy and a great example of what Laurel & Hardy has done all day long.
