I found this movie for the first time when I started looking for works by Stéphane Rideau. Still, "Les roseaux sauvages" (André Portugues, Juncos Silvestres) was beautifully performed by André Téchiné. I was looking for similar movies in the older age line. The director, Sébastien Lifshitz, shocked me the movie "Presque Rien", and in 2000 we won a nomination at Cannes Festival. This story is about two boys, the "boy next", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm). Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who finds themselves in summer vacations. In a land far from her neighbor, Mathieu spends her day with her sister on the beach. She meets Cédric, a local restaurant, with whom she begins her estival and venerable relationship, which still maintains a much more sensual and seductive personality ("Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger), by Stéphane Rideau. seductive, here witty witches, an example of this model, directed at the sequence of love, its first (yet ambiguous) sexuality and a confused and confessional description of a boy with great love, first love for his incredible progress - despair The best film in France is the best : passion passionate, warm rationalism and enthusiasm, brown beauty, the family is a simple and natural admission, not surprising and anger. However, beach, clarity, summer agility and simplicity, freshness, rising tone, and an introverted Elkaïm expressive eyes (hesitations, hurt, amazed, angry). Sex is not forgotten You are not exploited, it is treated as it is treated, without the intention of the exhibitor. As a result of pure talent, it is a drama of strange quality, without cheap sentimentality, which evokes inevitably the true image of two homosexuals, their exquisite young people as a common person, even though they fear their hatred and embarrassment of society. It's really worth a visit, especially those who love French movies (even if the front of the DVD is very lame, with two actors starred in stars, greased with radiant). A movie witch, in my opinion, is worth 8-9!
