What is surprisingly wonderful, sometimes small and high-volume, if it's a quintessential fantasy. Takashi Miike has already demonstrated that during the War of Great Yokail, the suspected niches of crime / yakuza could be immersed in other films (Q and Andromedia visitors showed that, but here, Miike's first and only screen writing credits proves that it can deliver goods in a postmodern fantasy convention in a fantastic soup, with CGI, creature effects and make-up packaging, and more than just the "Story of the Stupid" festival. The comparisons can be made far and wide, safe and clear It would be a Miyazaki jump, because it is a great blend of great heroes, as they are looking for the power of the earth, the main source, like the most evil machinery, and strongly defined and highly designed creatures (or the Yokai title), but also make comparisons with Star Wars They can mostly be in battle with the TPM Gun and similar forces the whole power game between good and evil. Or anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, Henson's films. And through all of these comparisons, as well as mistakes or moments, Miike is the sensitivity of the effects and the characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki Tadashi is a young child that begins with bright and sensitive things in the world, but becomes a hero in a dark world. Darkness is a wicked sorceress, the energy that gets full of the rage and misfortunes of the human world, and that also kills spirits and other creatures, Yokhai, sends them fire by fire. Some giant robots with unique missions - destroying and killing something from their paths. Tadashi as a witch of Sato is pumped into Yokai, as Sato's main relief and cohort, will stole Agi (Chiaki Kuriyama, other great villains) from Kill Bill by Tadashi Sunekosuri. Soon, things go out of their minds, in the minds of other fantasy films and stories, but only Miik and his team can receive it. It's possible that I would recommend it to The Great Yokai War for kids, but as they have warned later, the fantasy in American circles is less. He has living creatures, a bat-eyed umbrella stand, and a walker, a speaker wall, a turtle, a fire snake, and a woman who became a cursed Sato. Therefore, the variety is placed at the end, and it would be felt as creatures and effects, that is, when "festivals" reach hundreds of kilometers, the "festival" is a great success. But the fantasy feeling also has a strong and clear light; and between Sunekosuri, perhaps, Miike's right-wing tool becomes the most emotional (and not just cuteness); To get the proud advertising on the go, just like a little thug, who ends up in a tragic fight with Tadashi? <br /> <br /> However, all this is the sense of anarchy that can be found in the most glamorous aspects of Miike's career, which distinguishes it with its animated, Muppet, and science-fiction opposites. It is a common mood, a song dedicated to Akuichi beans, at a decisive moment at the moment, and with more than a few flights with creatures and battle scenes (I love, for example, boys with a blue head). who needs to be smaller, or anxiety turtle-Yokai). The greatest danger of accessing the special effects and the accessibility of the computer wizard has the greatest focus on this. I definitely have everything, with graphic guides, and creates some memorable images with some of the compositions (one of them has been done and Tadashi and "other" characters are in the center of Tokyo. Overwrapped debris), but CGI is sometimes not accidental with a few robots, and games are awesome, and some images, explaining Yokai's word about the big festival on the map. It looks and feels weak. I almost always asked Miike to be immersed in Spy Kids Kids (bad), to tell the truth. But aside from this responsibility, the Yokai High War offers more innocent emotions, sorcery and melodrama. one of the best fantasy of childhood came. Traditional Japanese folk music has a lot of movies, but the screws are always rotating always in their loud and playful rhythms. He is not a filmmaker very well, but working in experimentation in a medium-sized business operates in his own advantage. They are full of clean messages and adventures. 7.5 / 10
