This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I first saw it at Comedy Central. At that time I was not aware that they had been published in a remarkable manner and that it had not appeared to him, and I have seen all three series, unordered (thank you to the internet and your "series of pipes"). ! Comedy Central decided to select it by series and two sections and I think it's "season" and I tried to see friends and family, but nobody really liked what I like (new friends). So, to myself, I could not do the best. While I felt a bit as little as I felt, I still felt forced. When I met Little Britain, Pauline immediately knew that LoG had influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also, I like the idea of ​​writers who act full of shows ... (not new, but here is the best). LB LoG does nothing! (Nobody, Matt and David ... I love you)! This is indeed a dark comic piece of genius. Serial murder, cannibalism involved ... and you can probably find it in a unique piece of television art. The shots from the first scene are cold, and it seems to take you to Royston Vasey ... You will never leave! I think that my favorite character should be Tubbs, but each portrait person has his "charm". My favorite was Papa Lazarous, that is, the three series once again emphasized (light and completely unexpected)! It's better to keep track of several episodes while continuing and as I said before, it becomes so compelling (when canceled), you really can not stop watching. This is not for the stomach, the children, the conservative or the weak grandmother (if you did not get a grandmother off)! I always loved British television, special comics, Monty Python in Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to Keeping Up Appearances, Absolutely Fabulous and British Coupling and The Office (but not the US counterparts ... sorry). This is not unlike any of them, it completely draws between what fun and what just sick and twisted. No television in the US is ever closer to this level of entertainment. The television of the US television is so sad and dreadful, it is almost impossible to see one of them. It is sad that our cable channels do not even display unusual versions of this oddity (your losses, Comedy Central). Fortunately, it seems like this is the "top of the pond" that extends over the decades like this one. In the US, basic cables have been making little steps in recent years with "safer lines" safer with sexual content, drug consumption and an adult language, but there are still many years in which to determine whether they are adults in real life. adult behavior (murderous obsessions and blows, Sheesh, like the same basic form of the last 35 years)! Do not start me on the American sitcoms! Wasting time and wasting money ... Did you know that "Jim" has been in the air for 10 years? 10 YEARS ?? However ... Look at this show, get it on the DVD, do what you need to do and make your friends too! You never saw something like that. There are three peculiarities that I have not seen yet ... I will help the next visit to save my best friend. He will look at them, even if they are chained and painted. Lines and lines and lines! Note that the three sections go from one side to the other ... it seems that a bigger town is more concentrating on newer characters, laughter is gone (you want to thank hell), the band is a bit more theme and less an orchestra and a little bit. The story is carried out on the outside of Royston Vasey. Do not throw in any way, at the end, the series has preserved the first perversity that has been demonstrated in the first and second series. These four guys believe that they have created something of a fundamental nature. Excellent, safe and completely demented. You will see it again and see it again. It is surprising that in 5 seconds of the screen, the low vision of time being cheap will go to an awful blasphemy and will end with a single expression of the facial actor. If I wanted to find a writer / performer, I would have to rebuild it and not wait to try ... I would say "can I help?" (Then I'd probably like to slap myself, so I'd have to ask for the tag)! 10 to 10
