Simon Pegg Sidney Young, a start-up of a curious magazine magazine, has begun the beginning of a magazine specialized in highlighting the rich and famous. He is taking a career as a renowned celebrity, although he wants to be a celebrity. The film is based on a curious career with Toby Young, a modern magazine called Great Review in Britain. He offered all the incredible criticisms that he could imagine, until the magazine closed his mouths with an end. -Basicator, and then as a writer of Vanity Fair as a writer, failed the spectacular career, that is, almost the whole life of this film. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, he is pleased to go to work for a major publication (Sharp's Magazine), and despite his active nerve, he likes the first day. He is in charge of editor Clayton Harding (Jeff Bridges), as hard as nails, but who is also a young editor who wants to be younger. Young offers little form of immediate acceptance, but it can also be described as a liberal tolerance of Young's outerwear and unobtrusive behavior. <br /> <br /> A great movie comedy generates differences about the behavior of Youngen's public behavior and generally accepted code of conduct, as well as a special protocol for dealing with wealthy and renowned people. What is the reason why Sidney could reasonably act in an extra-curious way, and outrageously outside, believes that it takes away the celebrated culture and seems to believe that this ancient saying? If you can not beat 'ME', join and HERE win. "<br /> <br /> Difficult things are two very different women. Alison is a charming and ordinary Alison magazine, Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who initially proudly carries Sidney's and particularly impressed by the woman's way, and a wonderful model called Sophie (Megan Fox), as she illustrates the culture of celebrities. Without saying, Sidney's stubborn and star-stroke attacks are superficial lust. Sophie, who looks like a star. <br /> < Sophie is beautiful, it's true, but she is the only thought she's not thinking about herself: Alison is a plain girl, she's not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance turns into a real person, the reality of a Britney Spears wedding It would be the relationship with her, and yet the film maintains a level of credibility, which is clearly visible even more so as not to continue the pain of Sidney (without I had it anyway) Friends To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a pretty interesting premise and has honest and appropriate performances and although in the third act, it becomes a bit of a standard romantic comedy, it has developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us an excellent interpretation of Alison's other love affair, which pays homage to The Big Lebowski (as well as the star of Bridges) White Russian, one of my favorite favorite drinks today. Buying the Absolute and Kahlua in China is worth about $ 350, but my kitchen is never before. <br /> <br /> I hope that Simon Pegg will open a little, I love his films, but I'm totally sure about his range. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but he was serious about him, and eventually he returned to Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now he has been in Shaun of the Dead. How to Lose Friends It's a constant star, it's interesting to see what he can do.
