In a few months I was lost by Friends for Alienate and Alienate People, especially by Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg. Simon Pegg is a comedian genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actor. How to lose friends and foreigners People take their place! Of course, it's not perfect, but very enjoyable and fun. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People Sidney Young, a British celebrity journalist, bumbling in a short time, continues to hire an upscale New York magazine for life. Trendy, spectacular, Sidney reaches the height of society and burns the bridges with bosses, peers and superiors. After breaking a black tie event, allowing a wild rampant run, Sidney Clayton Harding, the Sharp publisher has caught the attention and supports a job in the New York magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that he will surprise and seduce everything he can if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately insults and isolates writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson) is in charge of power publishing for star clients. He also knocks Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston) as the leader. Sidney finds ways to get everyone annoyed. Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), a rising starlet star, who carries on her unusual love. The friendship of Allison in time can be the only thing to save Sydney on its downward path. The story is very interesting and the actors were given the actors. Simon Pegg is always fun! Sydney makes a terribly frightening one, as it gets wicked and annoying, but later Sydney is not pleasant, but rather a real-life character. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten had some wonderful and ridiculous performances, and Jeff Bridges is just Bridges Jeff Bridges! How do you like it Clayton is very humorous and, above all, likes the boy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great. Each one had his own personality, in general, very difficult to bring, but that was only done in the film. I did not like something about how some dimension-like characters were. I understand that they were the most popular castles, but some cast were used very little and some other types of films were given. How to miss out on friends and aliens People will never be able to play 10 movies, there will never be 10 comedies, but it has a high level of entertainment and you can also charm some scenes. How to lose friends and foreigners. People are definitely one of the best annual romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
