Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is the dolls that are not created by humans. In this adventure Babette Captain has to rescue a Babette French kidnapped. On the way they travel to Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and Looney Land. Does her new friend help with The Camel With Wrinkled Knees assistants or stop them by leaving friends? How will Kookoo and his neighbors escape? What will Marcella tell her when her master watches her seven-year-old birthday doll with other toys? Beautiful adventures are waiting for both adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are out of 10 possibilities: 8 - Very nice. Masters are not the dolls around. Not only that they come into different places, but they are in an imaginary world, something can happen. Finding new characters will go to different places that bring new friends, it is very good. All the characters work well and who does not love pirates! Cast: 8 - All the characters are so fit. Exactly the enemy of Marlon Brando Taffy Pit, The Greed. It has an accented French French doll, the evil King Kookoo Hitler-esquire (similar to Simpson Sideshow Bob) plays very well and Camel's bad black man is a great pain. Why is duplicated animated animation better than others? Music: 10 - Here is not perfection. I've been playing songs for years and I see them almost 20 years later, and I still remember each one of them and now I can find out where the tunes come from. The famous "Sesame Street", Joe Raposo, made a great effort with his songs, and they all listen well. <br /> <br /> Edition: 6 - Oh, this will be confusing. I would like to tell Raggedy how it was that way? Many events seem to be happening one after another, and no other dolls and toys in the WHO can ever see the movie in the real world, but they still follow it and they will eventually go wherever they go, sometimes it is difficult to keep track of them. <br /> <br /> Only: 8 - I should swear between this and Unico in both films I never care. how hard I try Especially scary. Probably, as I have already mentioned, today's oldest movies were much cheerful, but this makes the cake awesome. Outside of South Park and some of Disney's films, there is hardly any musical animation, or even good music. It is unique. <br /> <br /> Deserves: 8- Its classical. It's inevitable to get a worthwhile copy, but surely VHS copies will be extended. The DVD version is always included in Ebay and it will be something you will see more than once. Everyone has nostalgia purposes. <br /> <br /> Overall score (not average): Contemporary music made at the end of the 8th - 70's and can be enjoyed today. His characters are unique and the songs are excellent. So, you'd be so happy to do it again by screwing. Give your favorite stuffed animals a hug today! Reviewer's view (including bias): This is not like a decade later by Raggedy Ann series. This was a darker and more realistic way. The effects of this are similar to many cartoon animations of the 70s, especially the Yellow Submarine. However, I will never forget memories, and I can also influence today. It's not easy to find, but it's always a treasure to store my DVD albums and videos.
