Oh, boy, God blessed in the 1970s, we got some of the most amazing movies that came out of this decade: Exorcist, Jaws, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann and Andy: A Musical Adventure. This movie should be used to torture terrorists who are telling us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, the movie was afraid of being afraid of me. My sister had this movie in the VHS collection and it was curious what kind of movie they would make for a doll made of dolls for little dolls from depression. What the hell This movie is fun because of the Toy Story version of the 70's, it's basically a key; That was only a thousand times more terrifyingly, Disney had Alice in Wonderland on children to travel to drugs. <br /> <br /> Each time they leave Marcella, Raggedy Ann, his brother Raggedy Andy and a nursery full of colorful toys. On Marcellus's birthday, a new doll, Babette, Paris, has come to the United States of America. Babette doll is a well-known creature, but Raggedy Ann friend makes everything Babette can feel at home. However, the pirate Captain Contagious kidnaps. Raggedy Ann and Andy Marcellak started trying to get rid of the fact that they had disappeared before realizing it. Outside of the kindergarten, camels meet their wrinkled knees, a camel of a blue toy, thrown out by the owners of the past and now, heartfelt and lonely. Following Raggedy Ann and Andy Camel, her hallucinations start to run and, without looking, they pass through the edge of the precipice in a deep hole. In this hole they will find Greedy, that is, a black sleeve is a giant, constantly eaten and never full. Raggedys and Camel escape almost consumed by Greedy and to continue their journey to find Babette? and believe me, from this point it's more amazing. <br /> <br /> While this movie was definitely worrying, I wanted to cover my eyes and cover a lot of movies. That was really creative. More personal movies and writers and entertainers enter the heart of the day with animation, you can say Raggedy Ann and Andy: A Musical Adventure. Without a doubt, this is not the worst movie I've ever seen, I do not know who I recommend. I'm so scared, I'm glad I saw, sometimes "WTF?" What do you need? To improve the movie your selection, believe me, when Raggedy Ann did not say anything about me. It's official, this doll is just terribly creep, let's put it in this way, there is a huge caramel that runs the river all that is eating, while King is a king growing up, Raggedy Ann and a strange thing that humiliates his brother. Ann and Andy almost naked in almost rare incest and dreams that always dream of my dreams. Yikes <br /> <br /> 7/10
