He has made some insights to really assemble me, but for me Tears of Kali is a horror event of 00 and is a true masterpiece in regard to horror-independent. For fear of anthropology, the Taylor-Eriksson Group fictional story is based on a worship of Indian-based, whose members start looking for the latest car's knowledge and psyche healing. Together with Indian book segments, the film is composed mainly of three stories in Germany, which shows the effect of Taylor's work on the Taylor-Eriksson Group, sometimes a bad gore. It's an interesting sort of thing to do, but this movie distinguishes the film from setting the horizons of development so carefully. The bad things have been opened and the general story of the film is about seeing personal knowledge and the latest therapies in fear of patients, healers and others, and the film has strong, intelligent strengths with dark forces. This is the dark forces associated with time, space or even identity. Good examples of this are for the first time, especially with a journalist interviewing a woman at a hospital. Before this story, we have seen Lars Eriksson and, above all, senseless (lazy) eyes, even healing or at least getting the patient. Patient of the first story mentally ill Eriksson views the patient's healing; It also includes art class canvases that guide its patients. Erikssons like eyes. We also have Folk references to sensory perceptions that make sense of sensible perceptions that make you feel good on roles, movies and movies, which open up prospects and reveal the evil that others can infect. More than a movie is philosophically more than evil, a movie about death, suffering, and salvation, as well as alleged exploitation, linked to a structure derived from Hindu beliefs. Beliefs that are likely to be expected (at least with research from wikipedia). Andreas Marschall, writer and director, is definitely worth the effort to build film. In addition to being a thinker, the movie is quite cold, Bharti India and Panama John soundtracks have a mysterious jingle piano and several performances stand out, Michael Balaun as a medical doctor and Cora Chilcot is a curious patient. good The third story also alternates the veteran Mathieu Carrière, the faithful healer. The main problem in the movie is not too much time that the horror potential is lost, but others and other two performances are quite successful. So, the movie is not as fiery as it may be, I occasionally acted and walked, but I thought it was pretty great, as if it were a shadow's shadow. Well, it's worth looking like fans of horror adventurers.
