Where was the movie I was a baby? After distributing his parents, Tadashi moves with his mother to live with his grandfather. Tadash's sister is left with her father and often speaks on the phone. Grandpa is on the third day only "here". Mom is not really at home. Children are always poor. In town festival, Tadashi is the "kirin rider" or peace and the spiritual champion of justice. There is little suspected immediately that the role of the heroine should be forced into when the forces of darkness exacerbate the exclusion of humanity and the destruction of the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> Okay that was easy part. Now, it's a hard part, trying to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> It's a wonderful movie for kids. It's not a wonderful movie, a mistake (very wrong?) But no big movie. It's similar to all these great books you love as a child, and sometimes Tadashi is struggling to find a way to become a hero. I felt that I was reading a great book I saw, and thought I was a book that was awful. The film does not follow the normal path I love. Things happen often or if they are badly communicated, a character becomes an event because he sleeps his feet. Sequences seem to be bends and alternatives, which is why it's a lot more attractive (that is, typical Miike). It's definitely a Takashi Miike movie. The Japanese film industry is clearly responsible for touching at once, a horrific and fun movie. Except for Miike, no-one understands that you can have many emotions at once, or you can suddenly turn two things into darkness in the second and then make them more fun. I admire Miika's hope and a hopeful film, which is not trying to be terrifying, it's really terrifying, especially for children. It's the same dark territory that Harry Potter should have in movies, but it's rarely there. This is the humorous dark story of Grimms. When I first started to see the image, I could not believe the first reaction to anyone who would start the children's movie with the end of the world, and then I realized that the movie was being made. Miike's caps can manage scary images to make children know about the movie. <br /> <br /> It also operates in more than one degree. The mechanical monsters that make bad guys come from the exclusion of mankind. His monsters are the rage that fills the fuel. One of the yokai shoes (spirits) talks about rugged shoes that are dirty or too small. Berry also refuses to join the boy, so that man can do it. It is a wild concept, but like this other film that goes through another level. (There are a lot of riffs and other movies, television and novels that I wonder who is this movie, kids may not even understand many parents will) And, of course, there are monsters. They play a boxy and spectacular behavior throughout the entire length. In fact, you have to apologize for the differences in their creation, simply having hundreds or even tens of thousands on the screen. His path is wonderful and works. One of the main characters is Yokai, and I think that what is commonly described as a hamster in a tunic and that he is considered to be a stuffed animal is often dumb, but nevertheless he'll be appeased by Tadashi's head. . (It's easier to see if you've also seen old Japanese monster-like monster trees). I've mentioned mistakes and there are few. The effects are different, some sudden turns are extravagant (although they are understandable) and two other little things are also disappearing after two hours after watching the movie. No one is totally hurting the movie, but most of the movies are completely happy Being. <br /> <br /> I really loved the movie. I was pretty sure that it would be a favorite movie of all times when I see him as a child. (Where is the English dub?) See this movie. It's a great trip. (In addition to the introduction of the film by Miike's blood and sexuality)
