Yesterday I was sent to the TV, so I decided to check. This was one of the last Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to the Batman Animated Series 1992, then Jeff Matsuda came back to imagine Batman with his new Batman series, but still the story of this Batman novel. The film takes on a new appearance called Batwoman. However, Batman feels the need to stop him from his extreme methods, and at the same time attack The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn. Family Problems) and other criminals (which are still revealed in the film), weapons are also awaiting a Batwoman award for smugglers' operations. The question is: what is Batwoman mysterious and possible to be more than one? Batman has solved this mystery and stopped the last Penguin operation. For an animation film, the plot is quite complex and has a lot of serious shades. Another benefit: The whole design of the Penguins is similar to the sophisticated Mob Boss, as we all see in comics, Tim Burton borrowed items from Pengium (dinghy rat and circus freak) as opposed to previous designs. Even if the film is not distant from the subtle love, and the movie that says Batman Forever does not come out. Voice is the standard quality for these live video projects (only if Batman: Mask of Phantasm has taken this route), Kevin Conroy still has the brightness of Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I have already said, as I have run for a very short 80 minutes, it gets a good (and complex) script, quite good cycling and action vessels. Although they seem to be rough, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I am sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click on the couple, though they refer to it, Tim Drake (aka Robin) makes very little film and not very honest I was never a fan of the design of characters by Paul Dini and Bruce Timmen Batman, especially Batman's post-BTAS shows, Batman and Robin's The New Adventures, which makes Batman look like a well-constructed individual (Jeff Matsuda, The Batman character model like). Bruce Wayne feels uncomfortable. These blue eyes make Clark Kent look like Bruce (although the truth seems very similar). Rupert Throne is another problem (there is no explanation for why this agreement is true, but it is safe to say that it has an error) and that is why it makes a little more with Penguim or it is wounded every time. It gives someone a gun (tell how many times the movie is going on and you'll be surprised. In general, Batman is a good animated movie that deserves a minimum of rent.
