THIS POST IS USED IN MACHINES: <br /> <br /> Although they have been 5 years since the end of the series, they are currently working on the WB Justice League, this animated film has been well received by the video library. Why? Well, Mask of the Phantasm completes the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero make up 15 episodes of Batman and Robin adventure, and then the Mystery of the Batwoman in Batman's Gotham Knights 24th episode It consists of passages. Kevin Conroy once again gives a voice that has no great performance and no perfection. I admit I was a little cheerful when I heard Batwoman and everything I could think of Batman's 50th comic books. But I assumed Batwoman's character, his appearance, the costume (which inspired Wayway Bruce to create Batman Beyond costume) and I was guessing that Batwoman was keeping this movie completely out of the way. If you want to know what Batwoman is, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon makes the appearance and I think the writers like Bruce and Barbara to try to advise them as Batman Beyond. It appears as Tim Drake Robin, but his role is a small one and sadly, there is no sign, such as Dick Grayson alias Nightwing, or believing that Bludhaven (his city's commercial comic). /> <br /> Batwoman from three suspects, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks great like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa made a brilliant job as one of the other suspects. Regarding the criminals, I'm glad that it was one of those penguins, but I did not like to replace Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy did not feel well. Robin is the same. The new man agreed, but when they began to get upset by Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It's interesting that Kevin Michael Richardson, Carlton Duquesne's voice plays Joker's voice in "The Batman" series. And finally, we have seen that Rupert Thorne had a new look because he did not appear in the Gotham Knights section. John Vernon himself is missing. Although he enjoyed the voice of Henry Silva Bane, if he had to replace him, he got the right man in Hector Elizondo. I just want to use the fright of the new version of both faces, riddlers or scythes. <br /> <br /> Music scores and especially soft sounds were a great introduction. I wanted to be in a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg room, along with the song Betcha Neva. Some believe that it is a weaker than the phantasm mask and the sub-zero, it seems to me as strong and pleasant as the rest, and as I said before, it is a feature-length film based on the version of Gotham Knights Batman. I think it's a good balance. At least, I'd recommend renting this DVD for the first time before purchasing this movie, but it's worth it personally worth the purchase. I will give Mystery to one of the opponents.
