The Ice Age is a cartoon created by Blue Ice Studios in 2002, the first time it was operated in 2002. We enter the main characters: Scrat's squirrel (Chris Wedge's voice and NOTE: Scrat's cries sound Tom and Jerry's cartoon listening to Tom's screams), a woolly ghost named Manny. Ray Romanon, called "Everybody Loves Raymond," by Sidek ("Titan AE" by John Leguizamo), and a tiger-tailed Diego (Denis Leary in "Bug-A-Life" by Pixar's "Denis-Leary" bugs one says). /> <br /> The film is trying to bury it with a Scrat acorn and then it caused a mountaineer. Then we will see the herd that goes to the Ice Shred to the south (except Manny, who was looking for a similar mammoth similar). Sidik came out of the cave, and saw that he had left his family. Then he pays some aardvarks. Unfortunately, Sylvia (Kirsten Johnston, "Voice of Sun Sun") is an orange-orange woman who wants to go to migrate with her. Sidek, finally, joins Manny and becomes friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a tribe of a nearby man, Soto (when Goran Visnjic has stated) wants to eliminate a tiger-tiger sword who wants to avenge the revenge leader. He only steals half of his pack to the son of Roshan. In the morning, Diego, and Soto Lenny (Alan Tudyk's voices), Oscar (referred to by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (as Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but his wife escaped with Roshan and attacked him. Manny and Sid. In the end, Diego joins them, and made a trip to return to Rosan his tribe. He is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshanez, they also include a series of wolves that use Roshan's tribe, and a red buzzard, called Jennifer, who also tells Jane Krakowski's voice, and others too. Rachel (voiced by Lorri Bagley's female voices), to whom Sid is shown by Roshan, who is relaxing in a tar. By the way, two rhinos, Carl (Cedric PDI's "Madagascar"), and Frank (who is the "Finding Nemo" by Pixar in Stephen Root), Sidek have lunch and have to face Manny's cliff. They are small characters. He does not know how to use dodds as food supplies. <br /> <br /> The gags of this movie are very entertaining. For example, Manny talks to her trunk, "I'm not!" He says When Jennifer and Rachel are out of tar, Sid asks Jennifer "What do you say if we put the gene into the pool and see what happens?" Then, Jennifer responds: "What do you say if you enter TAR PIT!" Rachel also returns Sid on the waist. Sylvia watched Diego staring at Sidney's hands, then, if Sidek breathes, Diego tells her to eat it and she walks straight away. <br /> <br /> "Ice Age" is not only successful, but it has 2 sequels: the first "Ice Age: The Meltdown" was released in 2006 and the other is "Ice Age: Dinosaurs of Dawn" which will release next year I can not wait to see what "Ice Age: Dinosaurs Dawn" is waiting for.
