God blesses 80 slasher movies. Fun movie is fun This is all slasher movies. Now I do not fear horror films, only slasher movies. It goes like this: a high school nerd chooses between these stupid puppets and cheerleaders, and then his joke is wrong. Defigured and back to vengeance, a joke / jester mask that looks like sports (quite creepy looking, maybe I added), Marty begins to kill these teens one after a year later after having begun to get their old abandoned high school think about them. Is that basically on the plot? What's wrong with that? Beautiful beauty of the 80s, most of them I would say. Many things can be so hilarious, but when they continue, they draw more. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> It has terrible murders and some are very creative. (The poisoning of a beer, acid baths, I can not remember the ever used javelin in any slasher movie) is a fun and fun movie. That's all. Undoubtedly, the characters are stupid, they never matter their stupidity, and they do not care about the brave and random things that happen in this film. The lights that were able to control the killers (even if you do not even raise some buttons, you will see it) and when the communes have been able to bleed blood, baths can be acidic, just use your free time! That's because it's really entertaining. <br /> <br /> Such films are 80's slashers. Never did such a movie, why? The 80s are no longer. That's why you should take care of what it's like to have fun! This movie is highly recommended as a fan of Slahser on Friday, for example, on Friday. <br /> <br /> This last note was also a murderer, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured personality, kills all of its ancient enemies in a horrible Jester mask. Good evil slasher makes good. Simon Scuddamore, Marty apparently acted as suicide after releasing Slaughter High. Only cinema adds something incredibly, and that's what makes it feel like it, and I feel the feel of the Marty character. In the end, excellent 80s slashers! The pity is going to be the same again ...
