It is a documentary that emerged from a brilliant Canadian photographer, the man's excavations or the ruins of the building on the earth's loot. A large complex factory begins with people doing a lot of things, supposedly by high-tech equipment parts; It is not very clear. It is worth noting how much space and how many people are gathered out of the small jackets. The film also shows a photographer who works at a high-level structure when talking about a group of people outside of the factory and talking with his crew. This is the world of tireless industrialization. At least one relief is that these great images will not be presented to human voices, as Nikolaus Geyrhalter shows in our cold food documentary about the food industry, "Our daily bread." 'Manufactured Landscapes' is the image of people who take away e-debris and a people (many people) who have removed the biggest hurricane ever happening, ever with a small brand of ruins of their home neighborhoods. A bowl, using a pair of handles that are almost equal to him. Some of those scenes were immersed in dangerous and toxic places full of mischief and misfortune, as the first photographer of Sebastião Salgado, could be a memorable one. This photographer does not want to see people close. His orientation is between the cold and neutral modern landscapes of Salgado and Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> This is happening in China, of course, although there is a first and second footage of the photographer's work. About a large shipbuilding ship in Bangladesh. During the period of music, New Age is a style that is both relaxing and oppressive. Are there many photographs of the photographer's work or those made by some of the filmmakers? It's not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people who work through beautiful exhibits - a carefully colored picture with a beautiful shine overview camera. Burial is that Burtynsky makes the splendid and glorious images of the places where they are basically dirty, and the ordinary eye is boring and boring. He admits that he has no political stand. When we are able to compare his images with the captured filmmakers of the filmmaker Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work involves almost a kind of glorification, and therefore falsification. However, if you look closely, it shows us the places that reveal their dark story, to reveal the photos that all of their photos can do. <br /> <br /> Logically but not completely fortunately, Burtynsky is making his voices the biggest part of the movie in various areas. Burtynsky's "epiphanies" are likely to inspire beautiful work in their decades, but they are merely curators who think about the changes of the planet as a definitive one; it will be oil-dependent; It was late in massive industrialization in China, so it will be angry with the exhaustion of fossil fuels. The 'manufactured landscapes' interest would be much better if new ideas were understood. There are two reasons to see it: Burtynsky's work and raw materials, the places they visit and the places they charm so beautifully; and to see the horrible and horrific industrialization of modern Chinese people. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of narration, the title "Landscapes Manufactured" is not enough. It seems even worse. They are new landscapes, but manufactures are "manufactured". "Waste landscapes" or "Waste landscapes" could be a better title. This documentary leaves a lot of space about topics of interest in intellectual film research; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky would be better off watching their books or exhibitions.
