As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley, I said, "I have to watch the movie," I said. Domino is the main character, Bounty Hunter. He would teach his scene of "work", "no action", reflect his rebellion, a violent attitude towards life. The first time I have to admit is that the most important scenes that I focus on watching the most relevant film are far from the hands of the characters. So, this one squeezed me a bit. However, for all fans of John Woo, helicopters fall, like the explosion, the shooter is raining, and Keira makes a beautiful two-shot machine with a track. It's a great treat. Keira would go beyond, and this movie is a real cartoon, much different than the one we want to see. Mickey Rourke is back, throwing his usual face and his body strong. Christopher Walken does his job quite well, as a producer of reality. <br /> <br /> Let's go: this movie has a journalistic form. The scene of the debate is "disgustingly" real. Anyone who watched this charge. . . You know what, you can say the air you breathe in these situations. Together with the producer, Domino's mother says that the reality that Domino's life must show is "trash, no fault", "I'm not blameless". This film shows a difficult life. Domino, who has not come from a world, Ed (Mickey Rourke), is a hunter who has not been so honored, Choco (the third guy in the group) who is a family (using Ed's words). "This institute has done it," and Alf, a driver / bombarder in the Afghan occupation of Afghanistan. This bunch of people imagines man somewhat like "no shirt"; misfortunes, violent, and non-perishable except (in his opinion) except miserable life. The movie's entry says that "it's more or less inspired by the story ... so I can not tell you what a lot of these is true. However, overcoming explosions and dozens of weapons (to make films "visible" easier and be classified as action movies), the story of the characters is very realistic to be "edulcorated". <br /> <br /> The interaction between characters is different, well studied, and it is definitely boring. I have not been so persuaded by the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu clearly has never been in her artistic career). Dominus only indicates the reason he begins to tell his story (and this is a story). Probably, in the movie "kon" we have a lot of "pros". <br /> <br /> With everything: this is not "SWAT". The characters are elaborate; They have identity, shape. They have a name and surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It means a biography of a girl who was as fast as a bullet of life.
