Prior notification: I am sure someone will accuse me of going to the race card here, but when I saw the preview of this movie, "Finally!" I thought I need to see a popular African dance show (popular hip-hop, broken or step by step) where the main character was a black man. I've seen excessive films where a black woman with a hip-hop, who comes to the bell, performs a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up). There are almost no black women in the movie. That's always a hip-hop, African influence influenced so much dance, and it was broken up by the large numbers of blacks and Latinos in those particular sets, and it was not always the men who made it, so I felt this film a long time. time to come. However, the race is not making the movie; so I also wanted to take a compelling land; dance will be entertaining; and watch it interesting. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really liked the Jamaican film culture. I can not recall that one of the most prominent mainstream filmmakers was the Jamaican protagonist; the accents were incredible; and they were not stereotyped with beanies. Steppers, family, friends, as well as "thugs" were all really positive, realistic people who loved, lived, and survived the neighborhood they were doing something positive. When the main character's sister chose an alternate lifestyle, even when the audience realized it was not stereotyped. He was happy as he was portrayed. I stepped on AMAN; The romantic relationship between two steppers; the parents of the main character passed the trials and how he faced his old quarter and crabs. I respected that it was so intelligent and active at the same time, and other film systems were handling so many steps in the world. They were just as good as boys. I do not see too many movies today, at least, which would be black films. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not sure why the director or the film put together why they did it. , but I questioned the real steps that make or not. Whenever the steps were ready, the hip-hop song would be replaced instead by a hand / foot step. In the real-life show, there's no need to have music, to entertain people among the groups. And then, when hip-hop songs were played, sometimes the rhythm of the song was stepped by hands and feet. It was difficult I was surprised by the movie "Stomp the Yard", because women were just as passionate as women ("Stomp the Yard", "Meagan Good got a few seconds.) Some curves and rotary hair and (Deltas?) They released a song and a few steps and they were cut off immediately.) Although the scenes were very small, women were particularly vulnerable to the automobile store, and all music was overwhelmed by physical music without all that music, I know that music bands should be sold, but people have music Could it be in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so when I saw him, did I all think that "When he's written in the script he speaks his hand?" It seemed unbelievable on the screen. I thought they should use a host like Rocsi, Deray Davis was a fun thing, as usual. I also cried when I thought that the movie was on the ghetto He could not step on anything else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a couple of people were portrayed due to excessive ignorance, due to districts and losers, because the main films are made. <br /> <br /> This movie would give me five stars, but he played music for me. I'm definitely going to get out and the bonus scene will appear without all the songs.
