When I was young, my parents took me to the theater to look at the Interiors. It was one of the many movies I watched with my parents, but this was the only one we left. Since then, I've never seen Interiors until recently, and I could live the rest of my life without her. What a difficult, thin and painfully boring piece of wine and cheese of the 70s. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst bite of his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular and subdued insight into family life, caused by psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, halitosis, anything. The film, deliberately, does not have comic relief, no music, and is immersed in shady pathos. This film style can best be defined as an expressionist natural, using the improvisation method of dialogue to avoid "a greater depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. Besides, I just had no connection or sympathy with any of the characters. Instead, I felt just contempt with this show of mixing, whining, nicotine staining, martyrs in eternal search for identity. In the midst of the cosmopolitan wealth and bloody intelligence of Brie, the story becomes like a fool in peace. Everyone speaks in the affected phrases and an improved language among cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling," desperately looking for direction or understanding, or whatever, and it just goes on until you just want to slap them. It's never a solution, it's just an endless introspective blabber. It's nothing but a psychological drama that gets into the extreme beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen decided that the characters so submerged in ourselves feel omitted. That's why I found this film painfully self-sufficient and spiritually exhausting. I see what is going on, but his insistence on spreading his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques pulls it off as a significant point. I strongly recommend that you feel a little happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise we pretend that this movie never happened.
