'77 begins as a brand-new 747 plane, full of valuable paintings, and is a wealthy merchant Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who is flying and there are plenty of VIPs on his property while preparing to open his public as a museum, also on board Stevens's daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The airplane is scheduled to fly, but in the center of the plane is the pilot flying squad (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplice Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) who take off passengers and crew burn gas, intend to steal valuable cargo and land on unused aircraft on an isolated island, but when it comes down, the Chambers almost hit the oil platform in the ocean and lose control of the plane and send it to the sea where it sinks into the right lower bang in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. Due to the lack of air, the leakage of water and flying over 200 kilometers from the very beginning, the problems cling to those who survived because they are waiting for help with rapid exhaustion ... <br /> <br /> Also known under a little different tile Airport 1977 This second sequel to the Thrash thriller thriller Airport (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson and once again as its predecessors I can not say that Airport '77 is any forgotten classic that is fun, though not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three airport films I've seen so far, I liked this best, just. Is it my favorite conspiracy from the three with a nice mid-air hi-jacking and then collapsed (did not see the oil platform?) And sinking 747 (maybe the manufacturers were trying to cross the original airport with another popular disaster after the Poseidon Adventure 1972) and submerged is where it remains up to the end with a clear dilemma facing those inside the prisoners, either choking when the air exhausts or drowns like 747 floods or if any of the doors are open and it's a decent idea that could cause a great little crash , but a bad, non-symptomatic nature, boring dialogue, lethargic conditions, and a real lack of danger or tension or tension means it's a missed opportunity. While a relatively slow conspiracy keeps the man having fun for 108 minute minutes, there is not so much what happens after the plane sinks, and there is not as much urgency as I thought it should be. Even if the Navy becomes a part, things will not catch up with a few years of big ships and helicopters flying, but there is something missing here. George Kennedy as a jinxed airliner Joe Patroni is back but only gets a few scenes and barely even says he prefers to just look fear in the background. Domestic video and theatrical version of '77 is running 108 minutes, while US TV versions add an extra hour of recording, including a new initial credit series, many other scenes with George Kennedy as Patrons, mass scene shows, longer rescue scenes and discovery or another couple of dead bodies including the navigator. While I would like to see these other shots, I'm not sure if I could sit over a three-hour airport shuttle 77. As it could be expected that the film has a bad date with terrible fashion and choice of interior design, I say no other than the toy model aircraft effects are not Great. Together with two other sequels at the airport, it's proud of the place in the Hall of Shame Razzie, although I can think of many worse movies than that, so I think it's a bit harsh. The action scenes are a bit boring, the pace is slow, and not much excitement or tension is generated, which is a shame because I think it could be a pretty good movie if it did the right thing. Production value is fine if nothing grand. The acting is not great, twice Oscar winner Jack Lemmon said because it was a mistake to play in this one Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and fragile, also once Oscar winner Lee Grant looks drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is doing little and there is plenty other familiar faces to avoid. The airport '77 is the most disastrously oriented to three airport films, and until now I liked the ideas even though they were a little stupid, production and gentle direction would not help, and the film about the sunken plane would simply not be boring or lethargic. Followed by Concorde Hotel ... Airport '79 (1979).
